Comparison of a closed system and an open system for blood collection in feline donors.
A Prospective, Population-Based Study to Determine the Incidence and Bacteriology of Bacterial Conjunctivitis in Children &lt;2 Years following PCV7/PCV13 Sequential Implementation.
A prolonged multispecies outbreak of IMP-6 carbapenemase-producing Enterobacterales due to horizontal transmission of the IncN plasmid.
Impulse control disorder-linked hypersexuality complicated by disseminated gonococcal infection in a patient with Parkinson \' s disease.
Evaluation of the English bovine brucellosis surveillance system considering probability of disease introduction and non-random sampling.
Chlamydia psittaci in fulmars on the Faroe Islands: A causative link to South American psittacines eight decades after a severe epidemic.
The seroprevalence of brucellosis and molecular characterization of Brucella species circulating in the beef cattle herds in Albania.
S100A8/A9 regulates CD11b expression and neutrophil recruitment during chronic tuberculosis.
Cross-Validation of Generic Risk Assessment Tools for Animal Disease Incursion Based on a Case Study for African Swine Fever.
Case-control study of risk factors for incident syphilis infection among men who have sex with men in Tokyo, Japan.
Prevalence of sub-clinical mastitis and its association with milking practices in an intensive dairy production region of Uganda.
Two New SGI1-LK Variants Found in Proteus mirabilis and Evolution of the SGI1-HKL Group of Salmonella Genomic Islands.
Club Cell TRPV4 Serves as a Damage Sensor Driving Lung Allergic Inflammation.
A molecule capturer analysis system for visual determination of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli serotype O78 using a lateral flow assay.
Surgical management of perianal abscess in neonates and infants.
Comparison of sensitivity of bacteria isolated in odontogenic infections to ceftriaxone and amoxicillin-clavulanate.
Investigation of plasmid-mediated resistance in E. coli isolated from healthy and diarrheic sheep and goats.
Four European Salmonella Typhimurium datasets collected to develop WGS-based source attribution methods.
From role of gut microbiota to microbial-based therapies in type 2-diabetes.
The novel macrolide resistance genes mef(D), msr(F) and msr(H) are present on resistance islands in Macrococcus canis, Macrococcus caseolyticus and Staphylococcus aureus.
Evaluation of genetic variation, antioxidant and antibacterial activities of two Sidr varieties in Medina.
Dynamics of the within-herd prevalence of Mycoplasma bovis intramammary infection in endemically infected dairy herds.
Overview of spatio-temporal distribution inferred by multi-locus sequence typing of Taylorella equigenitalis isolated worldwide from 1977 to 2018 in equidae.
Fecal non-aureus Staphylococci are a potential cause of bovine intramammary infection.
Low-Energy Electron Irradiation Efficiently Inactivates the Gram-Negative Pathogen Rodentibacter pneumotropicus-A New Method for the Generation of Bacterial Vaccines with Increased Efficacy.
Global trends of Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilm research in the past two decades: A bibliometric study.
Antimicrobial susceptibility of plastic-associated bacteria isolated from the ocean to novel antibiotics (delafloxacin, meropenem/vaborbactam, ceftolozane/tazobactam, ceftobiprole) - Can environmental bacteria be predictors of persistence of antibiotic activity in clinical pathogens?
Mediastinitis due to highly resistant bacteria treated with the help of locally delivered antibiotics to optimize local antibiotic concentrations.
Rapid diagnostic tests for infectious diseases in the emergency department.
Updated emm-typing protocol for Streptococcus pyogenes.
Prevalence of inclusion body disease and associated comorbidity in captive collections of boid and pythonid snakes in Belgium.
Protective Effect of Oral BCG and Inactivated Mycobacterium bovis Vaccines in European Badgers (Meles meles) Experimentally Infected With M. bovis.
Corrigendum: Composition and Diversity of CRISPR-Cas13a Systems in the Genus Leptotrichia.
Isolation, Characterization, and Complete Genome Sequence of a Bradyrhizobium Strain Lb8 From Nodules of Peanut Utilizing Crack Entry Infection.
Defensive Symbioses in Social Insects Can Inform Human Health and Agriculture.
Genomic Analysis of Putative Virulence Factors Affecting Cytotoxicity of Cronobacter.
Anionic food color tartrazine enhances antibacterial efficacy of histatin-derived peptide DHVAR4 by fine-tuning its membrane activity.
Effect of topical administration of propolis in chronic periodontitis.
Hypoosmotic stress induces flagellar biosynthesis and swimming motility in Escherichia albertii.
Characterization of a bacteriophage, vB_Eco4M-7, that effectively infects many Escherichia coli O157 strains.
Genetic and pharmacological inhibition of inflammasomes reduces the survival of Mycobacterium tuberculosis strains in macrophages.
Analysis of the results of the SEIMC External Quality Control Programme. Year 2018.
Analysis of the results of the SEIMC External Quality Control Programme. Year 2017.
Molecular detection of Babesia divergens and Mycoplasma wenyonii infection in cattle from Bosnia And Herzegovina.
Characterization of Pseudomonas lytic phages and their application as a cocktail with antibiotics in controlling Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Silent clonal spread of vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecalis ST6 and ST525 colonizing patients at hospital admission in Natal, Brazil.
A first insight into the genomic diversity of Leptospira strains isolated from patients in Cuba.
Mutational signature in colorectal cancer caused by genotoxic pks+ E. coli.
Comparison of microbiota, antimicrobial resistance genes and mobile genetic elements in flies and the feces of sympatric animals.
Synergistic and Antagonistic Effects of Metal Nanoparticles in Combination with Antibiotics Against Some Reference Strains of Pathogenic Microorganisms.
Fecal shedding of bovine astrovirus CH13/NeuroS1 in veal calves.
Manipulating the type VI secretion system spike to shuttle passenger proteins.
Fruit extracts to control pathogenic Escherichia coli: A sweet solution.
Tuberculous cold abscess of the chest wall: A clinical and surgical experience. Report of 16 cases(Case series).
Timing of fungal spore release dictates survival during atmospheric transport.
Complete circularized genome data of two Spanish strains of Xylella fastidiosa (IVIA5235 and IVIA5901) using two hybrid assembly approaches.
Association of elevated interleukin-33 serum levels with tumorstages in patients with prostate cancer.
Pasteurellaceae members with similar morphological patterns associated with respiratory manifestations in ducks.
Group A Streptococcus establishes pharynx infection by degrading the deoxyribonucleic acid of neutrophil extracellular traps.
A point mutation in carR involved in the emergence of polymyxin B-sensitive Vibrio cholerae O1 El Tor biotype by influencing gene transcription.
Determining spa-type of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) via high-resolution melting (HRM) analysis, Shiraz, Iran.
Computed tomographic and ultrasonographic findings of abdominal arterial pseudoaneurysms caused by systemic mycosis in dogs.
Impact of colonisation pressure on acquisition of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae and meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in two intensive care units: a 19-year retrospective surveillance.
Higher mass meningococcal group C-tetanus toxoid vaccines conjugated with carbodiimide correlate with greater immunogenicity.
Phytohormones: Multifunctional nutraceuticals against metabolic syndrome and comorbid diseases.
The prevalence and risk factors for human Brucella species infection in a cross-sectional survey of a rural population in Punjab, India.
An alternative nisin A resistance mechanism affects virulence in Staphylococcus aureus.
Leptospiral Culture without 5 \' -Fluorouracil Revealed Improved Leptospira Isolation from Febrile Patients in North-Eastern Malaysia.
Comparison of procedures for RNA-extraction from peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Genetically distinct Acidovorax citrulli strains display cucurbit fruit preference under field conditions.
Tryptophan Co-Metabolism at the Host-Pathogen Interface.
Role of Extracellular Vesicles in Cellular Cross Talk in Malaria.
Antimicrobial Usage and Resistance in Companion Animals: A Cross-Sectional Study in Three European Countries.
Antibiotic resistance and clonal relatedness of Helicobacter pylori strains isolated from stomach biopsy specimens in northeast of Iran.
The Value of Histology in the Diagnosis of Tuberculous Spondylodiscitis.
First reported human bloodstream infection with Vagococcus lutrae.
Synergistic Antibacterial Activity and Wound Healing Properties of Selenium-Chitosan-Mupirocin Nanohybrid System: An in Vivo Study on Rat Diabetic Staphylococcus aureus Wound Infection Model.
Contributions of Spore Secondary Metabolites to UV-C Protection and Virulence Vary in Different Aspergillus fumigatus Strains.
New Pathogenesis Mechanisms and Translational Leads Identified by Multidimensional Analysis of Necrotizing Myositis in Primates.
manta: a Clustering Algorithm for Weighted Ecological Networks.
Dairy Products and Dairy-Processing Environments as a Reservoir of Antibiotic Resistance and Quorum-Quenching Determinants as Revealed through Functional Metagenomics.
Role of the Arginine 214 in the substrate specificity of OXA-48.
The tetrameric pheromone module SteC-MkkB-MpkB-SteD regulates asexual sporulation, sclerotia formation and aflatoxin production in Aspergillus flavus.
Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Shedding in French Day-Care Centers: A Nationwide Study of Epidemiology, Risk Factors, Centers \'  Practices, and Parents \'  Awareness of CMV.
Systematic research to overcome newly emerged multidrug resistant bacteria.
In vivo demonstration of Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilms as independent pharmacological microcompartments.
Proteus mirabilis causing cellulitis in broiler chickens.
Effects of the novel concept  \' outdoor veal calf \'  on antimicrobial use, mortality and weight gain in Switzerland.
Determination of minimum bactericidal concentration, in single or combination drugs, against Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
MCR-8 mediated colistin resistance in a carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae isolated from a repatriated patient from Morocco.
Quorum sensing system: Target to control the spread of bacterial infections.
Evaluation of the performance of Acuitas  ResistomeTest and the Acuitas Lighthouse  Software for the detection of beta-lactamase producing microorganisms.
The role of the VosA-repressed dnjA gene in development and metabolism in Aspergillus species.
Detection of Rhizopus-specific antigen in human and murine serum and bronchoalveolar lavage.
Fatal Infection in a Wild Sandbar Shark (Carcharhinus plumbeus), Caused by Streptococcus agalactiae, Type Ia-ST7.
Microbial etiology, susceptibility profile of postradiation nasopharyngeal necrosis patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
The bovine epimural microbiota displays compositional and structural heterogeneity across different ruminal locations.
Correction to: truncated satratoxin gene clusters in selected isolates of the atranone chemotype of Stachybotrys chartarum (Ehrenb.) S. Hughes.
The Impact of Age and Sex on Mouse Models of Melioidosis.
In vitro and ex vivo testing of alternative disinfectants to currently used more harmful substances in footbaths against Dichelobacter nodosus.
Superstructure formation by RodZ hexamers of Shigella sonnei maintains the rod shape of bacilli.
Surgical Site Infection after Digestive Surgery: Diagnosis and Treatment in a Context of Limited Resources.
Molecular epidemiology of virulent E. coli among rural small scale dairy herds and shops: Efficacy of selected marine algal extracts and disinfectants.
Toxic tall fescue grazing increases susceptibility of the Angus steer fecal microbiota and plasma/urine metabolome to environmental effects.
Combinations of early generation antibiotics and antimicrobial peptides are effective against a broad spectrum of bacterial biothreat agents.
Complete Genome Sequence of Indian Race 4 of Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae, the Causal Agent of Bacterial Blight of Rice.
Immunogenicity and safety after the third vaccination with the 23-valent pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine in elderly patients with chronic lung disease.
Cholera outbreak in Aurangabad, Maharashtra, western India.
Predicting antimicrobial resistance in Pseudomonas aeruginosa with machine learning-enabled molecular diagnostics.
Bloodstream infections in critically ill patients: an expert statement.
ATIR101 administered after T-cell-depleted haploidentical HSCT reduces NRM and improves overall survival in acute leukemia.
Toward Standards in Clinical Microbiota Studies: Comparison of Three DNA Extraction Methods and Two Bioinformatic Pipelines.
Characterization of uropathogenic ESBL-producing Escherichia coli isolated from hospitalized patients in western Algeria.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa antibody response in cystic fibrosis decreases rapidly following lung transplantation.
Prevalence, antimicrobial resistance, and virulence-associated genes of Campylobacter isolates from raw chicken meat in Shiraz, Iran.
Microfold cell-dependent antigen transport alleviates infectious colitis by inducing antigen-specific cellular immunity.
Genomic acquisitions in emerging populations of Xanthomonas vasicola pv. vasculorum infecting corn in the U.S. and Argentina.
Sphingosine-1-Phosphate (S-1P) Promotes Differentiation of Naive Macrophages and Enhances Protective Immunity Against Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Role of the LytSR Two-Component Regulatory System in Staphylococcus lugdunensis Biofilm Formation and Pathogenesis.
Environmental persistence and virulence of Salmonella spp. Isolated from a poultry slaughterhouse.
Genomic epizoology of a Brucella abortus outbreak in Northern Ireland (1997-2012).
Bacterial and protozoan pathogens/symbionts in ticks infecting wild grasscutters Thryonomys swinderianus in Ghana.
Comparison of five assays for DNA extraction from bacterial cells in human fecal samples.
Gliadin Nanoparticles Induce Immune Tolerance to Gliadin in Mouse Models of Celiac Disease.
Differences in ultrasound-derived arterial wall stiffness parameters and noninvasive blood pressure between Friesian horses and Warmblood horses.
Nebuliser cleaning and disinfection practice in the home among patients with cystic fibrosis.
Short communication: Uterine leptospiral infection is strongly associated to strains of serogroup Sejroe on experimentally infected hamsters.
HIV care among elderly population: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gut commensal bacteria show beneficial properties as wildlife probiotics.
Shigella flexneri: an emerging pathogen.
Overview and detectability of the genetic modifications in ornamental plants.
FadA-positive Fusobacterium nucleatum is prevalent in biopsy specimens of Iranian patients with colorectal cancer.
Deciphering the RNA capping process in bacteria.
Evaluation of QuantiFERON-TB  Gold Plus on LIAISON  XL in a low tuberculosis incidence setting.
Elevated levels of IL-8 in fatal leptospirosis.
TbD1 deletion as a driver of the evolutionary success of modern epidemic Mycobacterium tuberculosis lineages.
A Liquid Chromatographic Method for Rapid and Sensitive Analysis of Aflatoxins in Laboratory Fungal Cultures.
Spatial transmission risk during the 2007-2010 Q fever epidemic in The Netherlands: Analysis of the farm-to-farm and farm-to-resident transmission.
MS-Derived Isotopic Fine Structure Reveals Forazoline A as a Thioketone-Containing Marine-Derived Natural Product.
Escherichia coli O8:H8 Carrying a Novel Variant of the Heat-Labile Enterotoxin LT2 Gene Caused Outbreaks of Diarrhea.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa Alginate Benefits Staphylococcus aureus?
Comparison of bronchoalveolar lavage fluid bacteriology and cytology in calves classified based on combined clinical scoring and lung ultrasonography.
Dysregulation of TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma expression is a common host immune response in a chronically infected mouse model of melioidosis when comparing multiple human strains of Burkholderia pseudomallei.
Tendon Biomimetic Electrospun PLGA Fleeces Induce an Early Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition and Tenogenic Differentiation on Amniotic Epithelial Stem Cells.
Enhancing Genetic Medicine: Rapid and Cost-Effective Molecular Diagnosis for a GJB2 Founder Mutation for Hearing Impairment in Ghana.
Pathotypes and drug susceptibility of Escherichia coli isolated from companion dogs in Japan.
Does vancomycin resistance increase mortality in Enterococcus faecium bacteraemia after orthotopic liver transplantation? A retrospective study.
Current Blockades of Proteins Inside Nanopores for Real-Time Metabolome Analysis.
Geographically distinct North-East Indian Helicobacter pylori strains are highly sensitive to clarithromycin but are levofloxacin resistant.
Performance of plague rapid diagnostic test compared to bacteriology: a retrospective analysis of the data collected in Madagascar.
Erratum: Author Correction: Induction of Mucosal Humoral Immunity by Subcutaneous Injection of an Oil-emulsion Vaccine against Salmonella Enterica subsp. enterica serovar Enteritidis in Chickens.
Treponema phagedenis (ex Noguchi 1912) Brumpt 1922 sp. nov., nom. rev., isolated from bovine digital dermatitis.
Correlation of Anti-Salmonella Antibodies Between Serum and Saliva Samples Collected From Finisher Pigs.
Salmonella enterica and Theileria co-infection in dromedary camels (Camelus dromedarius) in UAE.
Mygalin: An Acylpolyamine With Bactericidal Activity.
Identification of the main glutamine and glutamate transporters in Staphylococcus aureus and their impact on c-di-AMP production.
Evaluation of the Revogene  Carba C Assay for detection and differentiation of carbapenemase-producing Gram negative bacteria.
An alphaherpesvirus exploits antimicrobial beta-defensins to initiate respiratory tract infection.
Etiologic agents of acute diarrhea in sentinel surveillance sites in Vientiane Capital, Lao People \' s Democratic Republic, 2012-2015.
Metronidazole-resistant Helicobacter pylori isolates without rdxA mutations obtained from Iranian dyspeptic patients.
Granzyme A in Chikungunya and Other Arboviral Infections.
Comparing Cathelicidin Susceptibility of the Meningitis Pathogens Streptococcus suis and Escherichia coli in Culture Medium in Contrast to Porcine or Human Cerebrospinal Fluid.
Chlamydia pneumoniae infection-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress causes fatty acid-binding protein 4 secretion in murine adipocytes.
Use of a rapid recombinase-aided amplification assay for Mycoplasma pneumoniae detection.
Extracellular Electron Transfer: Respiratory or nutrient homeostasis?
Invasiveness of the Yersinia pestis ail protein contributes to host dissemination in pneumonic and oral plague.
Synergy between induction heating, antibiotics, and N-acetylcysteine eradicates Staphylococcus aureus from biofilm.
Differential susceptibility of Xylella fastidiosa strains to synthetic bactericidal peptides.
Bioprospecting Staphylococcus Phages with Therapeutic and Bio-Control Potential.
MLST-based genetic relatedness of Campylobacter jejuni isolated from chickens and humans in Poland.
Minimum Bactericidal Concentration Techniques in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: A Systematic Review.
Meta-Analysis of Biofilm Formation, Antibiotic Resistance Pattern, and Biofilm-Related Genes in Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolated from Clinical Samples.
Association of toll-like receptor 10 polymorphisms with pediatric pneumococcal meningitis.
Diagnostic Accuracy of a Novel and Rapid Lipoarabinomannan Test for Diagnosing Tuberculosis Among People With Human Immunodeficiency Virus.
Comparative proteomic and genomic analyses of Brucella abortus biofilm and planktonic cells.
Impact of the early-life skin microbiota on the development of canine atopic dermatitis in a high-risk breed birth cohort.
Alternative transcription cycle for bacterial RNA polymerase.
Identification of ireA, 0007, 0008, and 2235 as TonB-dependent receptors in the avian pathogenic Escherichia coli strain DE205B.
ADVERSE EVENTS OF THE ARGUS II RETINAL PROSTHESIS: Incidence, Causes, and Best Practices for Managing and Preventing Conjunctival Erosion.
Discovery and characterization of low molecular weight inhibitors of Erwinia tracheiphila.
Autochthonous Outbreak of Cutaneous Leishmaniasis due to Leishmania infantum in Corrientes Province, Argentina.
Nontyphoid Salmonella Prevalence, Serovar Distribution and Antimicrobial Resistance in Slaughter Sheep.
The prevalence of Dichelobacter nodosus in clinically footrot-free sheep flocks: a comparative field study on elimination strategies.
Giant virus diversity and host interactions through global metagenomics.
Nitric oxide as a developmental and metabolic signal in filamentous fungi.
Rapid high resolution melting assay to differentiate Streptococcus suis serotypes 2, 1/2, 1, and 14.
Rapid identification by MALDI-TOF/MS and antimicrobial disk diffusion susceptibility testing for positive blood cultures after a short incubation on the WASPLab.
OXA-181-producing extra-intestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli ST410 isolated from a dog in Portugal.
Detection in two hospitals of transferable ceftazidime-avibactam resistance in Klebsiella pneumoniae due to a novel VEB beta-lactamase variant with a Lys234Arg substitution, Greece, 2019.
Comprehensive Analyses of Cytochrome P450 Monooxygenases and Secondary Metabolite Biosynthetic Gene Clusters in Cyanobacteria.
Antibiotic Residues and Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria in Pig Slurry used to Fertilize Agricultural Fields.
The velvet Regulator VosA Governs Survival and Secondary Metabolism of Sexual Spores in Aspergillus nidulans.
High Prevalence of CTX-M Type Extended-Spectrum Beta-Lactamase Genes and Detection of NDM-1 Carbapenemase Gene in Extraintestinal Pathogenic Escherichia coli in Cuba.
Haitian-like genetic traits with creeping MIC of Azithromycin in Vibrio cholerae O1 isolates from Puducherry, India.
Monitoring of Hygiene in Institutional Kitchens in Belgium.
MicroRNA-127 Promotes Anti-microbial Host Defense through Restricting A20-Mediated De-ubiquitination of STAT3.
Tree of motility - A proposed history of motility systems in the tree of life.
Methanol extract of Lonicera caerulea var. emphyllocalyx fruit has anti-motility and anti-biofilm activity against enteropathogenic Escherichia coli.
First Case of Idiopathic Eosinophilic Meningoencephalitis in a Sheep.
Stepwise evolution and convergent recombination underlie the global dissemination of carbapenemase-producing Escherichia coli.
Clostridium perfringens type C necrotic enteritis in pigs: diagnosis, pathogenesis, and prevention.
Evaluation of EUCAST rapid antimicrobial susceptibility testing (RAST) directly from blood culture bottles.
Human ophthalmomyiasis caused by Oestrus ovis-first report from Croatia and review on cases from Mediterranean countries.
KPC-2-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae ST147 in a neonatal unit: Clonal isolates with differences in colistin susceptibility attributed to AcrAB-TolC pump.
A Model for Nitrogen Fixation in Cereal Crops.
Human antibodies neutralizing diphtheria toxin in vitro and in vivo.
Antimicrobial resistance patterns and molecular resistance markers of Campylobacter jejuni isolates from human diarrheal cases.
Multidrug-Resistant Salmonella enterica Serovar Rissen Clusters Detected in Azores Archipelago, Portugal.
Analysis of Porcine Pro- and Anti-Inflammatory Cytokine Induction by S. suis In Vivo and In Vitro.
Muscle function and homeostasis require cytokine inhibition of AKT activity in Drosophila.
Clinical Characteristics of Rapidly Progressive Fatal Hemorrhagic Pneumonia Caused by Stenotrophomonas maltophilia.
Influences of Ingredients and Bakers on the Bacteria and Fungi in Sourdough Starters and Bread.
Management and soil conditions influence common scab severity on potato tubers via indirect effects on soil microbial communities.
Waterborne &amp; foodborne viral hepatitis: A public health perspective.
Type I-F CRISPR-Cas Distribution and Array Dynamics in Legionella pneumophila.
Pertussis in infants, in their mothers and other contacts in Casablanca, Morocco.
Parallel evolutionary paths to produce more than one Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilm phenotype.
Streptococcus pneumoniae triggers hierarchical autophagy through reprogramming of LAPosome-like vesicles via NDP52-delocalization.
First occurrence of the OXA-198 carbapenemase in Enterobacterales.
Internet-based self-sampling for Chlamydia trachomatis testing: a national evaluation in Sweden.
Roles of TroA and TroR in metalloregulated growth and gene expression in Treponema denticola.
Detection of three independently-generated DS-1-like G9P[8] reassortant rotavirus A strains during the G9P[8] dominance in Vietnam, 2016-2018.
Rifampin-moxifloxacin-metronidazole combination therapy for severe Hurley Stage 1 Hidradenitis Suppurativa: prospective short-term trial and one-year follow-up in 28 consecutive patients.
Salmonella enterica serovar Paratyphi A isolated from a hard-to-heal diabetic ulcer: a case report.
Evaluation of the Saliva of Burn ICU Patients for Resistant Bacteria Harbor Metallo-beta-Lactamase Genes.
Macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin B resistance phenotypes and their associated genotypes in Staphylococcus aureus isolates from a tertiary level public hospital of Uruguay.
Community-acquired bacterial meningitis in adults: in-hospital prognosis, long term disability and determinants of outcome in a multicentre prospective cohort.
Impact of thirteen-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine on nasopharyngeal carriage in healthy children under 24 months in Okinawa, Japan.
Pasteurella bacteraemia: impact of comorbidities on outcome, based on a case series and literature review.
Biological amplification of low frequency mutations unravels laboratory culture history of the bio-threat agent Francisella tularensis.
Identification of hemolytic activity and hemolytic genes of Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolated from Chinese children.
Identification of Genetic Features for Attenuation of Two Salmonella Enteritidis Vaccine Strains and Differentiation of These From Wildtype Isolates Using Whole Genome Sequencing.
Potential of Gallium as an Antifungal Agent.
The Campylobacter jejuni Type VI Secretion System Enhances the Oxidative Stress Response and Host Colonization.
Composition and Diversity of CRISPR-Cas13a Systems in the Genus Leptotrichia.
Dissemination and Comparison of Genetic Determinants of mcr-Mediated Colistin Resistance in Enterobacteriaceae via Retailed Raw Meat Products.
Pinpointing the role of Aeromonas salmonicida in the development of skin ulcerations in common dab (Limanda limanda).
Differentiation of Rodentibacter pneumotropicus, Rodentibacter heylii and Muribacter muris by MALDI-TOF MS.
Identifying maintenance hosts for infection with Dichelobacter nodosus in free-ranging wild ruminants in Switzerland: A prevalence study.
Autophagy of Intestinal Epithelial Cells Inhibits Colorectal Carcinogenesis Induced by Colibactin-producing Escherichia coli in ApcMin/+ Mice.
Validation of a new Rapid Detection Test for the detection of Neisseria meningitidis A/C/W/X/Y antigens in cerebrospinal fluid.
The Orphan Immune Receptor LILRB3 Modulates Fc Receptor-Mediated Functions of Neutrophils.
Analysis of Global Collection of Group A Streptococcus Genomes Reveals that the Majority Encode a Trio of M and M-Like Proteins.
What does soil-transmitted helminth elimination look like? Results from a targeted molecular detection survey in Japan.
Genome- and Community-Level Interaction Insights into Carbon Utilization and Element Cycling Functions of Hydrothermarchaeota in Hydrothermal Sediment.
Prediction of Uropathogens by Flow Cytometry and Dip-stick Test Results of Urine Through Multivariable Logistic Regression Analysis.
The "athlete \' s heart" features in amateur male marathon runners.
Benefits of Polymerase Chain Reaction Combined With Culture for the Diagnosis of Bone and Joint Infections: A Prospective Test Performance Study.
Pathogens Causing Respiratory Tract Infections in Children Less Than 5 Years of Age in Senegal.
Commensal Bacteroidetes protect against Klebsiella pneumoniae colonization and transmission through IL-36 signalling.
Transcriptomic and Functional Studies of the RGS Protein Rax1 in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Syndromic panels or "panel syndrome"? A perspective through the lens of respiratory-tract infections.
Immediate Treatment of Burn Wounds with High Concentrations of Topical Antibiotics in an Alginate Hydrogel Using a Platform Wound Device.
Microarray-based detection of resistance and virulence factors in commensal Escherichia coli from livestock and farmers in Egypt.
Differential innate immune responses induced by Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae and Mycoplasma hyorhinis in various types of antigen presenting cells.
A study on risk factors for macroscopic gut abnormalities in intensively reared broiler chickens.
Characterization of non-typhoidal Salmonella isolates from children with acute gastroenteritis, Kolkata, India, during 2000-2016.
Occurrence of Salmonella infection and antimicrobial susceptibility for local Salmonella isolates from different sources in a cross-sectional study.
Complete Genome Sequence of Helicobacter suis Strain SNTW101c, Originally Isolated from a Patient with Nodular Gastritis.
Cyclic nucleotides, gut physiology and inflammation.
BacPipe: A Rapid, User-Friendly Whole-Genome Sequencing Pipeline for Clinical Diagnostic Bacteriology.
Effect of Lonicera caerulea var. emphyllocalyx Fruit on Biofilm Formed by Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Melatonin and melatonergic influence on neuronal transcription factors: implications for the development of novel therapies for neurodegenerative disorders.
A framework to develop semiautomated surveillance of surgical site infections: An international multicenter study.
Salmonella-Driven Polarization of Granuloma Macrophages Antagonizes TNF-Mediated Pathogen Restriction during Persistent Infection.
Mapping cholera outbreaks and antibiotic resistant Vibrio cholerae in India: An assessment of existing data and a scoping review of the literature.
An optimized, robust and reproducible protocol to generate well-differentiated primary nasal epithelial models from extremely premature infants.
Molecular serotype-specific identification of Streptococcus pneumoniae using loop-mediated isothermal amplification.
Nationwide surveillance of paediatric invasive and non-invasive pneumococcal disease in Japan after the introduction of the 13-valent conjugated vaccine, 2015-2017.
Ventricular arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death in young Leonbergers.
Compost tea reduces the susceptibility of Pinus radiata to Fusarium circinatum in nursery production.
Biochemical and Structural Characterization of OXA-405, an OXA-48 Variant with Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamase Activity.
Detection and characterization of NDM-1-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in Iran: an incursion crisis.
Knowledge and Awareness Regarding Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, and Human Immunodeficiency Viruses Among College Students: A Report From Iran.
Hospital clones of Panton-Valentine leukocidin positive and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus are circulating in the community of Tehran.
Comparative physiology of glomerular filtration rate by plasma clearance of exogenous creatinine and exo-iohexol in six different avian species.
Causalities of War: The connection between T6SS and microbiota.
Identifying the inheritable component of human thymic T cell repertoire generation in monozygous twins.
A novel lineage of ceftriaxone-resistant Salmonella Typhi from India that is closely related to XDR S. Typhi found in Pakistan.
Blistering1 modulates Penicillium expansum virulence via vesicle-mediated protein secretion.
The pentose phosphate pathway of cellulolytic clostridia relies on 6-phosphofructokinase instead of transaldolase.
Circulation of non-polio enteroviruses in 24 EU and EEA countries between 2015 and 2017: a retrospective surveillance study.
Skeletal muscle mass index and phase angle are decreased in individuals with dependence on alcohol and other substances.
Cost-effectiveness of two different protocols for animal tracing investigations of bovine tuberculosis outbreaks in France.
Structural insights into the binding of natural pyrimidine-based inhibitors of class II aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases.
Integron related resistance in new emerged Staphylococcus lugdunensis infection in burn patients.
Possibility of BK Virus-associated Nephropathy in Hospitalized Burn Patients.
Whole-Genome Sequencing and Bioinformatics as Pertinent Tools to Support Helicobacteracae Taxonomy, Based on Three Strains Suspected to Belong to Novel Helicobacter Species.
Genomic Features of Rickettsia heilongjiangensis Revealed by Intraspecies Comparison and Detailed Comparison With Rickettsia japonica.
Staphylococcus epidermidis Contributes to Healthy Maturation of the Nasal Microbiome by Stimulating Antimicrobial Peptide Production.
Phylogenomic structure of Bacillus anthracis isolates in the Northern Cape Province, South Africa revealed novel single nucleotide polymorphisms.
The Contribution of Eimeria Coinfection and Intestinal Inflammation to Cecal Colonization and Systemic Spread of Salmonella Typhimurium Deficient in Tetrathionate Reductase or Type III Secretion Systems Salmonella Pathogenicity Island 1 or 2.
Diarrhoeal disease and subsequent risk of death in infants and children residing in low-income and middle-income countries: analysis of the GEMS case-control study and 12-month GEMS-1A follow-on study.
Engineered bacteriophages as programmable biocontrol agents.
Salmonella Effector SteE Converts the Mammalian Serine/Threonine Kinase GSK3 into a Tyrosine Kinase to Direct Macrophage Polarization.
Prevalence and risk factors for carriage of ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae in a population of Dutch travellers: A cross-sectional study.
Evaluation of GeneXpert MTB/RIF system performances in the diagnosis of extrapulmonary tuberculosis.
Molecular Analysis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Isolated in the North Central Zone of Nigeria.
CD4+ T Responses Other Than Th1 Type Are Preferentially Induced by Latency-Associated Antigens in the State of Latent Mycobacterium tuberculosis Infection.
Study of the Regulatory Role of N-Acyl Homoserine Lactones Mediated Quorum Sensing in the Biological Activity of Burkholderia gladioli pv. agaricicola Causing Soft Rot of Agaricus spp.
Detection of virulence and multidrug resistance operons in Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolated from Egyptian Baladi sheep and goat.
Characterization of microbial communities in ethanol biorefineries.
Different phenotypic expression of KPC beta-lactamase variants and challenges in their detection.
Artificially cloaked viral nanovaccine for cancer immunotherapy.
Vaccine Protection against Multidrug-Resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae in a Nonhuman Primate Model of Severe Lower Respiratory Tract Infection.
Shigella sonnei O-Antigen Inhibits Internalization, Vacuole Escape, and Inflammasome Activation.
Use of whole genome sequencing of commensal Escherichia coli in pigs for antimicrobial resistance surveillance, United Kingdom, 2018.
Clinical relevance of pulmonary non-tuberculous mycobacterial isolates in three reference centres in Belgium: a multicentre retrospective analysis.
External Quality Assessment of Bacterial Identification and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing in African National Public Health Laboratories, 2011-2016.
Biomarkers of cell-mediated immunity to bovine tuberculosis.
Anti-virulence activity of polyphenolic fraction isolated from Kombucha against Vibrio cholerae.
INTRODUCTION: The Clinica del Lavoro, the first clinic for occupational diseases of the world, was inaugurated in Milan on 20 March 1910; its first director was Luigi Devoto, who was in charge until 1935. The purpose of this work is to review the activities of industrial hygiene and toxicology carried out at the Clinica del Lavoro under the guidance of Devoto. METHODS: Documents published by the Istituti Clinici di Perfezionamento, a group of clinics of which the Clinica del Lavoro was part, record the birth and organization of this structure and the presence of a laboratory of chemistry; documents by Devoto and other authors were also retrieved to extrapolate specific information on activities of industrial hygiene and toxicology. RESULTS: The Clinica del Lavoro, at the time of its inauguration, included four laboratories: of chemistry, clinical physics, histopathology and bacteriology. The chemistry lab was located on the first floor and was composed of 6 well-lit rooms, modernly equipped with work benches that could accommodate 12 people. In Devoto \' s view, the chemistry laboratory, supported by that of clinical physics, had to assess the toxicological properties of chemicals commonly found in the workplace and to reveal the mechanisms of induction of damage to humans. In the first 30 years of activity, the Clinica del Lavoro investigated various diseases deriving from exposure to chemical agents, including saturnism, or lead intoxication, mercurialism, phosphorism, benzolism, sulfocarbonism, dust diseases. Several assays were developed and applied to measure toxicants in different biological and environmental mean as evidenced by scientific publications starting from 1920. CONCLUSION: In Devoto \' s view, industrial hygiene and toxicology were essential tools for the research and prevention of occupational diseases since the first years of activity of the Clinica del Lavoro.
Demographic, clinical and laboratory features of leptospirosis-malaria co-infections in Peninsular Malaysia.
Flagellum expression and swimming activity by the zoonotic pathogen Escherichia albertii.
Effect of an antimicrobial drug on lung microbiota in healthy dogs.
Control of nitrogen fixation in bacteria that associate with cereals.
Acute thiamethoxam toxicity in honeybees is not enhanced by common fungicide and herbicide and lacks stress-induced changes in mRNA splicing.
Survival of Streptococcus suis in porcine blood is limited by the antibody- and complement- dependent oxidative burst response of granulocytes.
Brucella abortus S19 rfbD mutant is highly attenuated, DIVA enable and confers protection against virulent challenge in mice.
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus portends a poor prognosis after endovascular repair of mycotic aortic aneurysms and aortic graft infections.
E. coli TraR allosterically regulates transcription initiation by altering RNA polymerase conformation.
Molecular and biological characterization of the immunological potency of Newcastle disease virus oil emulsion-inactivated vaccines prepared from field isolate obtained from vaccinated chickens outbreak.
WQ-3810 inhibits DNA gyrase activity in ofloxacin-resistant Mycobacterium leprae.
Achromobacter xylosoxidans in hospital environments: still waters run deep!
MRSA in Swiss pigs and their relation to isolates from farmers and veterinarians.
Attenuation of Vibrio parahaemolyticus Virulence Factors by a Mixture of Natural Antimicrobials.
Novel nitric oxide-generating platform using manuka honey as an anti-biofilm strategy in chronic rhinosinusitis.
Investigation of age-related differences in toxicokinetic processes of deoxynivalenol and deoxynivalenol-3-glucoside in weaned piglets.
Identification of hemolytic activity and hemolytic genes of Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolated from Chinese children.
Time course of signaling profiles of blood leukocytes in acute pancreatitis and sepsis.
Development of an in Vivo Lipopolysaccharide Inflammation Model to Study the Pharmacodynamics of COX-2 Inhibitors Celecoxib, Mavacoxib, and Meloxicam in Cockatiels (Nymphicus hollandicus).
Mycobacterium tuberculosis HN878 infection induces human-like B cell follicles in mice.
Impact of Achromobacter xylosoxidans isolation on the respiratory function of adult patients with cystic fibrosis.
Pathological findings in spontaneously dead and euthanized sows - a descriptive study.
Shigella sonnei infection of zebrafish reveals that O-antigen mediates neutrophil tolerance and dysentery incidence.
Comparative analysis of the vaginal microbiome of pregnant women with either Trichomonas vaginalis or Chlamydia trachomatis.
Strain-level identification of bacterial tomato pathogens directly from metagenomic sequences.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases: from role of gut microbiota to microbial-based therapies.
Primary intrahepatic squamous cell carcinoma in a sika deer.
Focused high-energy extracorporeal shockwaves as supplemental treatment in a rabbit model of fracture related infection.
Minor Effect of Antibiotic Pre-treatment on the Engraftment of Donor Microbiota in Fecal Transplantation in Mice.
Galleria mellonella: An Infection Model for Screening Compounds Against the Mycobacterium tuberculosis Complex.
Diversity, evolution, and classification of virophages uncovered through global metagenomics.
Fatal fulminant Clostridioides difficile colitis caused by Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy; a case report.
Correction to: Risk of gastric cancer in the second decade of follow-up after Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Employees of Swiss veterinary clinics colonized with epidemic clones of carbapenemase-producing Escherichia coli.
British Journal of Biomedical Science in 2019. What have we learned?
Critical Analysis of Neuronal Cell and the Mouse Bioassay for Detection of Botulinum Neurotoxins.
Genomic Diversity of Common Sequence Types of Listeria monocytogenes Isolated from Ready-to-Eat Products of Animal Origin in South Africa.
The Use of Analgesics during Vaccination with a Live Attenuated Yersinia pestis Vaccine Alters the Resulting Immune Response in Mice.
Thailandenes, cryptic polyene natural products isolated from Burkholderia thailandensis using phenotype-guided transposon mutagenesis.
Consensus Report on Shigella Controlled Human Infection Model: Immunological Assays.
Large Stem/Progenitor-Like Cell Subsets can Also be Identified in the CD45- and CD45+/High Populations in Early Human Milk.
Geographical Distribution of Aedes aegypti aegypti and Aedes aegypti formosus (Diptera: Culicidae) in Kenya and Environmental Factors Related to Their Relative Abundance.
Profile of patients with pulmonary non-tuberculous mycobacterial disease mimicking pulmonary tuberculosis.
Outbreak of an uncommon rifampicin resistant blaNDM-1Citrobacter amalonaticus strain in a digestive rehabilitation center: the putative role of rifaximin.
Reference gene screening of Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis and Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans for quantitative real-time PCR studies.
Phylogeny, Resistome, and Virulome of Escherichia coli Causing Biliary Tract Infections.
The Right Time to Safely Re-Evaluate Empirical Antimicrobial Treatment of Hip or Knee Prosthetic Joint Infections.
Community-acquired granulomatous mastitis superinfected with Mycobacterium bolletii.
Syringopeptin contributes to the virulence of Pseudomonas fuscovaginae, based on sypA biosynthesis mutant analysis.
Polyfunctional Nanofibril Appendages Mediate Attachment, Filamentation, and Filament Adaptability in Leptothrix cholodnii.
Rapid identification of respiratory bacterial pathogens from bronchoalveolar lavage fluid in cattle by MALDI-TOF MS.
Association of HPV16 and 18 genomic copies with histological grades of cervical lesions.
MexAB-OprM Efflux Pump of Pseudomonas aeruginosa Offers Resistance to Carvacrol: A Herbal Antimicrobial Agent.
Clarithromycin-Susceptible But Virulent Helicobacter pylori Strains Infecting Iranian Patients \'  Stomachs.
Functional design of pH-responsive folate-targeted polymer-coated gold nanoparticles for drug delivery and in vivo therapy in breast cancer.
Clinical evaluation of three commercial PCR assays for the detection of macrolide resistance in Mycoplasma genitalium.
National trend of blood-stream infection attributable deaths caused by Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli in Japan.
Comparative genomics to develop a specific multiplex PCR assay for detection of Clavibacter michiganensis.
In vitro inhibitory activity of Bifidobacterium longum BB536 and Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001 alone or in combination against bacterial and Candida reference strains and clinical isolates.
Novel Multidrug-Resistant Enterococcal Mobile Linear Plasmid pELF1 Encoding vanA and vanM Gene Clusters From a Japanese Vancomycin-Resistant Enterococci Isolate.
The occurrence of the multidrug resistance (MDR) and the prevalence of virulence genes and QACs resistance genes in E. coli isolated from environmental and avian sources.
Are we there yet? The long walk towards the development of efficient symbiotic associations between nitrogen-fixing bacteria and non-leguminous crops.
Antibiotic resilience: a necessary concept to complement antibiotic resistance?
Mycobacterium avium Subspecies paratuberculosis DNA and Antibodies in Dairy Goat Colostrum and Milk.
Yersinia Phages and Food Safety.
Candida coinfection among patients with pulmonary tuberculosis in Asia and Africa; A systematic review and meta-analysis of cross-sectional studies.
Validation of bedaquiline drug-susceptibility testing by BACTEC MGIT 960 system for Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Nucleic acids enrichment of fungal pathogens to study host-pathogen interactions.
Etiology of childhood diarrhoea among under five children and molecular analysis of antibiotic resistance in isolated enteric bacterial pathogens from a tertiary care hospital, Eastern Odisha, India.
deltaRpkm: an R package for a rapid detection of differential gene presence between related bacterial genomes.
Present Challenges Besetting the Iranian Academia.
Directed evolution by UV-C treatment of Bacillus cereus spores.
Evaluation of the Unyvero i60 ITI  multiplex PCR for infected chronic leg ulcers diagnosis.
Evaluation of microbial contamination and effects of storage in raw meat-based dog foods purchased online.
A mosaic tetracycline resistance gene tet(S/M) detected in an MDR pneumococcal CC230 lineage that underwent capsular switching in South Africa.
Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Patterns of Childhood Acute Bacterial Conjunctivitis in Western Greece.
Single-Tube Multiplex Polymerase Chain Reaction for the Detection of Genes Encoding Enterobacteriaceae Carbapenemase.
[Mechanism of intestinal absorption of botulinum neurotoxin complex].
LMB-1 producing Citrobacter freundii from Argentina, a novel player in the field of MBLs.
Differences and overlaps between Phd studies in diagnostic microbiology in industrial and academic settings.
Detection of Acinetobacter pittii ST220 co-producing NDM-1 and OXA-820 carbapenemases from a hospital sink in a non-endemic country of NDM.
Modeling dermatophytosis: Guinea pig skin explants represent a highly suitable model to study Trichophyton benhamiae infections.
Automated Incubation and Digital Image Analysis of Chromogenic Media Using Copan WASPLab Enables Rapid Detection of Vancomycin-Resistant Enterococcus.
Comparative Biotypic and Phylogenetic Profiles of Escherichia coli Isolated from Resident Stool and Lagoon in Fresco (Cote d \' Ivoire).
Deletion of Two Genes in Burkholderia pseudomallei MSHR668 That Target Essential Amino Acids Protect Acutely Infected BALB/c Mice and Promote Long Term Survival.
WQ-3810: A new fluoroquinolone with a high potential against fluoroquinolone-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Phage Therapy as an Approach to Control Salmonella enterica serotype Enteritidis Infection in Mice.
Engineering of an Iranian Bordetella pertussis strain producing inactive pertussis toxin.
Molecular Identification, Genotyping, Phenotyping, and Antifungal Susceptibilities of Medically Important Trichosporon, Apiotrichum, and Cutaneotrichosporon Species.
Complete Circular Genome Sequence of a Multidrug-Resistant Escherichia coli Strain from Cuba Obtained with Nanopore and Illumina Hybrid Assembly.
Trends in Salmonella serovars and antimicrobial resistance in pigs and poultry in Northern Ireland between 1997 and 2016.
The inhibitory effects of polypyrrole on the biofilm formation of Streptococcus mutans.
Lysobacter enzymogenes employs diverse genes for inhibiting hyphae growth and spore germination of soybean fungal pathogens.
Characterization of gallium resistance induced in a Pseudomonas aeruginosa cystic fibrosis isolate.
Faecal neutrophil elastase-antiprotease balance reflects colitis severity.
The epidemiology of pulmonary tuberculosis in children in Mainland China, 2009-2015.
High-throughput transposon sequencing highlights the cell wall as an important barrier for osmotic stress in methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus and underlines a tailored response to different osmotic stressors.
Effect of a pre-milking teat foam and a liner disinfectant on the presence of mesophilic and (proteolytic) psychrotrophic bacteria prior to milking.
Molecular detection of respiratory pathogens among children aged younger than 5 years hospitalized with febrile acute respiratory infections: A prospective hospital-based observational study in Niamey, Niger.
Hydroquinone exposure alters the morphology of lymphoid organs in vaccinated C57Bl/6 mice.
Prevalence of Clostridium difficile and Clostridium perfringens in Swiss horses with and without gastrointestinal disease and microbiota composition in relation to Clostridium difficile shedding.
Effect of challenge dose of plasmid-mediated extended-spectrum beta-lactamase and AmpC beta-lactamase producing Escherichia coli on time-until-colonization and level of excretion in young broilers.
Antimicrobial susceptibility pattern of Helicobacter suis isolates from pigs and macaques.
Gut-derived Enterococcus faecium from ulcerative colitis patients promotes colitis in a genetically susceptible mouse host.
The Role of Phosphatidylinositol Mannosides in the Serological Diagnosis of Mycobacterial Infections.
The roles of mesoporous silica and carbon nanoparticles in antigen stability and intensity of immune response against recombinant subunit B of cholera toxin in a rabbit animal model.
Identification of Coxiella burnetii in Tank Raw Cow Milk: First Findings from Chile.
Prosthetic joint infection caused by Mycobacterium avium complex.
Klebsiella pneumoniae capsule polysaccharide as a target for therapeutics and vaccines.
Corrigendum: A Metataxonomic Tool to Investigate the Diversity of Treponema.
Prevalence of antibiotic resistant mastitis pathogens in dairy cows in Egypt and potential biological control agents produced from plant endophytic actinobacteria.
Helicobacter heilmannii Colonization Is Associated With High Risk for Gastritis.
Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae, an opportunistic pathogen in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Evaluating the sensitivity of the bovine BCG challenge model using a prime boost Ad85A vaccine regimen.
Bloodstream infection with Candida kefyr / Kluyveromyces marxianus: case report and draft genome.
Caution at choosing a particular colony forming unit from fecal Escherichia coli: it may not represent the sample profile.
Regulation of the complement system and immunological tolerance in pregnancy.
From Stable to Lab-Investigating Key Factors for Sudden Deaths Caused by Streptococcus suis.
Acute phase response and clinical manifestation in outbreaks of interdigital phlegmon in dairy herds.
The immunogenic potential of bacterial flagella for Salmonella-mediated tumor therapy.
Molecular Characterization of Community-Associated Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Iranian Burn Patients.
Evaluation of the BD MAX Check-Points CPO assay for the detection of carbapenemase producers directly from rectal swabs.
Differential responses of tobacco to the citrus variegated chlorosis and coffee stem atrophy strains of Xylella fastidiosa.
An updated phylogenetic classification of Corynespora cassiicola isolates and a practical approach to their identification based on the nucleotide polymorphisms at the ga4 and caa5 loci.
Enterotoxigenicity and Antibiotic Resistance of Coagulase-Negative Staphylococci Isolated from Raw Buffalo and Cow Milk.
Bacteriological Profile in Attico-antral type of Chronic Suppurative Otitis Media.
Longitudinal analysis of group A Streptococcus emm types and emm clusters in a high prevalence setting reveals past infection does not prevent future infection.
Preoperative irrigation and vacuum sealing drainage with antibiotic-containing drainage fluid of foot and ankle wounds improves outcome of reconstructive skin flap surgery.
Tonsillar surface swab bacterial culture results differ from those of the tonsillar core in recurrent tonsillitis.
Multiple doses of adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stromal cells induce immunosuppression in experimental asthma.
Changes in Aphid Host Plant Diet Influence the Small-RNA Expression Profiles of Its Obligate Nutritional Symbiont, Buchnera.
High Prevalence of Antibiotic Resistance in Iranian Helicobacter pylori Isolates: Importance of Functional and Mutational Analysis of Resistance Genes and Virulence Genotyping.
[Expansion of opportunities in diagnostics of bacteremia and sepsis in children of a multi-profile hospital.]
Characterization of 6S RNA in the Lyme disease spirochete.
A Study on Deep Neck Space Infections.
Efficacy of voriconazole against A. fumigatus infection depends on host immune function.
Staphylococcus aureus isolated from atopic dermatitis skin produces staphylococcal enterotoxin Y that predominantly induces TCR Valpha-specific expansion of T cells.
IFN-gamma reprograms host mitochondrial metabolism through inhibition of complex II to control intracellular bacterial replication.
Collagen adhesion gene is associated with blood stream infections caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Antimicrobial resistance (AMR) and marine plastics: Can food packaging litter act as a dispersal mechanism for AMR in oceanic environments?
A Toxicity Screening Approach to Identify Bacteriophage-Encoded Anti-Microbial Proteins.
O-antigen biosynthesis gene clusters of Escherichia albertii: their diversity and similarity to Escherichia coli gene clusters and the development of an O-genotyping method.
Genomic and Toxigenic Heterogeneity of Bacillus cereus sensu lato Isolated from Ready-to-Eat Foods and Powdered Milk in Day Care Centers in Colombia.
Groundwater, soil and compost, as possible sources of virulent and antibiotic-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
T serotyping of group a streptococcus isolated from patients with pharyngitis or streptococcal toxic shock syndrome in Japan between 2005 and 2017.
Prevention of transmission of Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by Ixodes spp. ticks to dogs treated with the Seresto  collar (imidacloprid 10% + flumethrin 4.5%).
Disturbances in complement recognition and control in human disease.
Comparison of the Copan WASPLab incorporating the BioRad expert system against the SIRscan 2000 automatic for routine antimicrobial disk diffusion susceptibility testing.
Hospital clusters of invasive Group B Streptococcal disease: a systematic review.
Anaerobic degradation of syringic acid by an adapted strain of Rhodopseudomonas palustris.
Fungal seed pathogens of wild chili peppers possess multiple mechanisms to tolerate capsaicinoids.
Child case of Buruli ulcer successfully treated through a school-based skin survey project in Cote d \' Ivoire.
Genome-Scale Transcript Analyses of Human Neutrophils.
Isolation of Neutrophils from Nonhuman Species.
The Role of Neutrophils in the Immune System: An Overview.
Single microcolony diffusion analysis in Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilms.
Genotypic diversity of Streptococcus suis and the S. suis-like bacterium Streptococcus ruminantium in ruminants.
Quantification and long-term carriage study of human extended-spectrum/AmpC beta-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli after international travel to Vietnam.
In vitro modeling of Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis infection of the amphibian skin.
Characterizing colonization patterns of Clavibacter michiganensis during infection of tolerant wild Solanum species.
First report of lesions resembling red mark syndrome observed in wild-caught common dab (Limanda limanda).
Neutrophil phagocyte oxidase activity controls invasive fungal growth and inflammation in zebrafish.
A decade of enterovirus genetic diversity in Belgium.
[Scope of activities and research in pathology laboratories from 1920 to 1940].
Mycobacterium triplex pulmonary disease in an immunocompetent host: A case report and literature review.
RgsA Attenuates the PKA Signaling, Stress Response, and Virulence in the Human Opportunistic Pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus.
Mononuclear but Not Polymorphonuclear Phagocyte Depletion Increases Circulation Times and Improves Mammary Tumor-Homing Efficiency of Donor Bone Marrow-Derived Monocytes.
Acne fulminans and Cutibacterium acnes phylotypes.
Antibacterial activity and mechanism of action of chitosan nanofibers against toxigenic Clostridioides (Clostridium) difficile Isolates.
Detection of phenylpropanoids in citrus leaves produced in response to Xanthomonas citri subsp. citri.
Light on the cell cycle of the non-photosynthetic bacterium Ramlibacter tataouinensis.
Antibacterial and antibiofilm activity of bone marrow-derived human mesenchymal stem cells secretome against Vibrio cholerae.
Marker-less deletion of cctA gene of Clostridium chauvoei.
Whole cell FRET immunosensor based on graphene oxide and graphene dot for Campylobacter jejuni detection.
Complement dysregulation in glomerulonephritis.
Ultrasonography of the normal reproductive tract of the female domestic cat.
Genome sequencing of evolved aspergilli populations reveals robust genomes, transversions in A. flavus, and sexual aberrancy in non-homologous end-joining mutants.
Faecal carriage, risk factors, acquisition and persistence of ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae in dogs and cats and co-carriage with humans belonging to the same household.
Perinatal hormones favor CC17 Group B Streptococcus intestinal translocation through M cells and hypervirulence in neonates.
Vaccination with the immunoglobulin M-degrading enzyme of Streptococcus suis, Ide Ssuis, leads to protection against a highly virulent serotype 9 strain.
Inflammasome Activation Induced by Perfringolysin O of Clostridium perfringens and Its Involvement in the Progression of Gas Gangrene.
Current challenges: from the path of "original antigenic sin" towards the development of universal flu vaccines.
A fluorometric hybridization assay for detecting and genotyping high-risk human papillomavirus 16 and 18 in archival tissues of cervical specimens.
The effects of inulin on gut microbial composition: a systematic review of evidence from human studies.
A journey in the complex interactions between electrochemistry and bacteriology: From electroactivity to electromodulation of bacterial biofilms.
Convergent evolution of signal-structure interfaces for maintaining symbioses.
SGI0, a relative of Salmonella genomic islands SGI1 and SGI2, lacking a class 1 integron, found in Proteus mirabilis.
Infrared thermography to prognose the venous leg ulcer healing process-preliminary results of a 12-week, prospective observational study.
Taking a Closer Look at the Valid Publication and Authorship of Legionella bozemanae Brenner et al. 1980, Fluoribacter bozemanae Garrity et al. 1980, Legionella pittsburghensis Pasculle et al. 1980, Legionella micdadei Hebert et al. 1980 and Tatlockia micdadei (Hebert et al. 1980) Garrity et al. 1980.
Increasing oxygen deficiency changes rare and moderately abundant bacterial communities in coastal soft sediments.
Medium-chain fatty acid synthesis by Candidatus Weimeria bifida, gen. nov., sp. nov., and Candidatus Pseudoramibacter fermentans, sp. nov.
Cytological examination of cerebrospinal fluid: Sysmex UF-1000i versus optical microscopy.
Disturbances in complement recognition and control in human disease - An editorial to a special issue on "Complement Regulation".
Efficacy of three innovative bacterin vaccines against experimental infection with Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae.
Calcium-Enriched Animal Manure Alleviates the Adverse Effects of Salt Stress on Growth, Physiology and Nutrients Homeostasis of Zea mays L.
Interleukin-27 is abrogated in gastric cancer, but highly expressed in other Helicobacter pylori-associated gastroduodenal diseases.
Burden of Clostridium (Clostridioides) difficile Infection among Patients in Western Asia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Reprioritization of biofilm metabolism is associated with nutrient adaptation and long-term survival of Haemophilus influenzae.
Avian-source mcr-1-positive Escherichia coli is phylogenetically diverse and shares virulence characteristics with E. coli causing human extra-intestinal infections.
Transcriptomic analysis of smooth versus rough Brucella melitensis Rev.1 vaccine strains reveals insights into virulence attenuation.
Recent Trends in Bacteriology of Adult Patients with Chronic Rhinosinusitis.
Lso-HPE1, an effector of  \' Candidatus Liberibacter solanacearum \'  can repress plant immune response.
The emerging role of gut microbial metabolism on cardiovascular disease.
Purification and characterization of an antibacterial substance from Aerococcus urinaeequi strain HS36.
[Prevalence of coagulase-negative staphylococci in blood cultures at the Ibn-Rochd University Hospital in Casablanca].
A Two-Step Approach for Diagnosing Glutamate Dehydrogenase Genes by Conventional Polymerase Chain Reaction from Clostridium difficile Isolates.
cfr(B), cfr(C), and a new cfr-like gene, cfr(E), in Clostridium difficile strains recovered across Latin America.
PFM-like, a novel family of subclass B2 metallo beta-lactamase from Pseudomonas synxantha belonging to the Pseudomonas fluorescens complex.
[Case of the month: What \' s your diagnosis?]
Antibiotic and quaternary ammonium compound resistance in Escherichia coli from calves at the beginning of the -fattening period in Switzerland (2017).
Co-existence of virulence factors and antibiotic resistance in new Klebsiella pneumoniae clones emerging in south of Italy.
Purification and Characterisation of Badger IgA and Its Detection in the Context of Tuberculosis.
Antimicrobial resistance Classification using MALDI-TOF-MS is not that easy: Lessons from vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium.
Multidrug Resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae causing Invasive Pneumococcal Disease (IPD) Isolated from a Pediatric Patient.
PulseNet and the Changing Paradigm of Laboratory-Based Surveillance for Foodborne Diseases.
High Prevalence of Integrative and Conjugative Elements Encoding Transcription Activator-Like Effector Repeats in Mycoplasma hominis.
Genetic Diversity of Campylobacter jejuni Isolated From Avian and Human Sources in Egypt.
A Markerless Method for Genome Engineering in Zymomonas mobilis ZM4.
High Throughput Co-culture Assays for the Investigation of Microbial Interactions.
Endoparasite infection hotspots in Estonian urban areas.
Sir Marc Armand Ruffer, MD: The early years, 1878-1896.
Plant-Derived Exosomal Nanoparticles Inhibit Pathogenicity of Porphyromonas gingivalis.
MAL adaptor (TIRAP) S180L polymorphism and tuberculosis disease severity among TB patients.
Successful use of culture and enrichment for the detection of OXA-181-producing Escherichia coli from rectal swab samples falsely categorized as negative by Xpert  Carba-R.
Roles of CytR, an anti-activator of cyclic-AMP receptor protein (CRP) on flagellar expression and virulence in uropathogenic Escherichia coli.
Sildenafil alters biogenic amines and increases oxidative damage in brain regions of insulin-hypoglycemic rats.
Local adaptation of bacterial symbionts within a geographic mosaic of antibiotic coevolution.
An alternative disk diffusion test in broth and macrodilution method for colistin susceptibility in Enterobacteriales.
Ultraviolet-C decontamination of a hospital room: Amount of UV light needed.
Akkermansia muciniphila reduces Porphyromonas gingivalis-induced inflammation and periodontal bone destruction.
Host Competency of the Multimammate Rat Mastomys natalensis Demonstrated by Prolonged Spirochetemias with the African Relapsing Fever Spirochete Borrelia crocidurae.
Kinetics of viral RNA, immunoglobulin-M &amp; G antibodies in Kyasanur forest disease.
PTPN22 1858 C/T polymorphism is associated with alteration of cytokine profiles as a potential pathogenic mechanism in rheumatoid arthritis.
Cerebral empyema and abscesses due to Cutibacterium acnes.
Leukocyte recruitment induced by snake venom metalloproteinases: Role of the catalytic domain.
Expression and purification of an immunogenic SUMO-OmpC fusion protein of Salmonella Typhimurium in Escherichia coli.
Risk of gastric cancer in the second decade of follow-up after Helicobacter pylori eradication.
Reverse diauxie phenotype in Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilm revealed by exometabolomics and label-free proteomics.
Prevalence of MDR salmonellae with increasing frequency of S. Kentucky and S. Virchow serovars among hospitalized diarrheal cases in and around Delhi, India.
Reclassification of CLSI criteria for ciprofloxacin and levofloxacin susceptibility against Pseudomonas aeruginosa: Implications for patients with cystic fibrosis(CF).
Correction for Kennan et al., "Genomic Evidence for a Globally Distributed, Bimodal Population in the Ovine Footrot Pathogen Dichelobacter nodosus".
Comparison of Meat Juice Serology and Bacteriology for Surveillance of Salmonella in the Brazilian Pork Production Chain.
Impact of Setting up an "Endocarditis Team" on the Management of Infective Endocarditis.
A Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification Assay Targeting Neisseria gonorrhoeae penA-60.001.
Decontamination of Intravaginal Probes Infected by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) Using UV-C Decontamination System.
Chemical Ecosystem Selection on Mineral Surfaces Reveals Long-Term Dynamics Consistent with the Spontaneous Emergence of Mutual Catalysis.
What Stops Doctors Switching from Intravenous to Oral Antibiotics?
Violacein@Biogenic Ag system: synergistic antibacterial activity against Staphylococcus aureus.
Effects of the Probiotic Candidate E. faecalis-1, the Poulvac E. coli Vaccine, and their Combination on Growth Performance, Caecal Microbial Composition, Immune Response, and Protection against E. coli O78 Challenge in Broiler Chickens.
The Roles of Peyer \' s Patches and Microfold Cells in the Gut Immune System: Relevance to Autoimmune Diseases.
Q Fever Endocarditis in Iran.
Clonality of Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae in swine farms from Brazil.
Effect of colibacillosis on the immune response to a rabbit viral haemorrhagic disease vaccine.
Aortic, common carotid and external iliac artery arterial wall stiffness parameters in horses: inter-day and inter-observer and intra-observer measurement variability.
Performance of laboratory tests for detection for Clostridioides difficile: A multicenter prospective study in Japan.
Dysregulated cell signalling and reduced satellite cell potential in ageing muscle.
Assessing the ecological benefit of antibiotic de-escalation strategies to elaborate evidence-based recommendations.
Dissemination of carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii strains carrying the bla GES, bla NDM and bla OXA23 in Morocco.
Cutibacterium acnes Isolates from Deep Tissue Specimens Retrieved During Revision Shoulder Arthroplasty: Similar colony morphology does not indicate clonality.
Seroprevalence and molecular characterization of Mycobacterium bovis infection in camels (Camelus dromedarius) in the Delta region, Egypt.
A Conserved Streptococcal Virulence Regulator Controls the Expression of a Distinct Class of M-Like Proteins.
Wide Distribution of Phage That Infect Freshwater SAR11 Bacteria.
Burden of varicella complications in secondary care, England, 2004 to 2017.
Atypical presentation of Lemierre \' s syndrome: case report and literature review.
Metagenomics: aid to combat antimicrobial resistance in diarrhea.
Inoculation Pneumonia Caused by Coagulase Negative Staphylococcus.
Prominent binding of human and equine fibrinogen to Streptococcus equi subsp. zooepidemicus is mediated by specific SzM-types and is a distinct phenotype of zoonotic isolates.
A 2.5-years within-patient evolution of a Pseudomonas aeruginosa with in vivo acquisition of ceftolozane-tazobactam and ceftazidime-avibactam resistance upon treatment.
A study with a commercial vaccine against Lyme borreliosis in horses using two different vaccination schedules: Characterization of the humoral immune response.
Bacterial Extracellular Vesicles: A new way to decipher host-microbiota communications in inflammatory dermatoses.
Molecular characterization of Escherichia coli isolated from cheese and biocontrol of Shiga toxigenic E. coli with essential oils.
Plasma Eicosanoid Levels in Tuberculosis and Tuberculosis-Diabetes Co-morbidity Are Associated With Lung Pathology and Bacterial Burden.
Serological and molecular characterization of Leptospira kirschneri serogroup Grippotyphosa isolated from bovine in Brazil.
Nasal Pneumococcal Density is Associated with Microaspiration and Heightened Human Alveolar Macrophage Responsiveness to Bacterial Pathogens.
[Whole genome transplantation: bringing natural or synthetic bacterial genomes back to life].
[Synthetic chromosomes: rewriting the code of life].
Probiotics Prevents Sensitization to Oral Antigen and Subsequent Increases in Intestinal Tight Junction Permeability in Juvenile-Young Adult Rats.
Calcination Enhances the Aflatoxin and Zearalenone Binding Efficiency of a Tunisian Clay.
Brucellosis in India: results of a collaborative workshop to define One Health priorities.
Protective Immunity and New Vaccines for Lyme Disease.
Complement in Human Pre-implantation Embryos: Attack and Defense.
Association of Musculoskeletal Disorders and Inflammation Markers in Workers Exposed to Lead (Pb) from Pb-battery Manufacturing plant.
Microbe-host interplay in atopic dermatitis and psoriasis.
Ointments containing Ceratothoa oestroides extract: evaluation of their healing potential in the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers.
Diversity and trends in population structure of ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae in febrile urinary tract infections in children in France from 2014 to 2017.
Next-Generation Sequencing for the Diagnosis of Challenging Culture-Negative Endocarditis.
Corrigendum: Polymyxins and Their Potential Next Generation as Therapeutic Antibiotics.
Taxonomic and Metabolic Incongruence in the Ancient Genus Streptomyces.
GPs \'  attitudes towards the diagnosis and treatment of male urinary tract infections: a qualitative interview study in Ireland.
First insights into the genetic characteristics and drug resistance of Mycobacterium tuberculosis population collected during the first national tuberculosis prevalence survey of Lao PDR (2010-2011).
Extended-spectrum resistance to beta-lactams/beta-lactamase inhibitors (ESRI) evolved from low-level resistant Escherichia coli.
A novel multilocus variable-number tandem repeat analysis for Bordetella parapertussis.
Genetic interference analysis reveals that both 3-hydroxybenzoic acid and 4-hydroxybenzoic acid are involved in xanthomonadin biosynthesis in the phytopathogen Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris.
Comment on "circSMARCA5 Functions as a Diagnostic and Prognostic Biomarker for Gastric Cancer".
Expression of Phosphofructokinase Is Not Sufficient to Enable Embden-Meyerhof-Parnas Glycolysis in Zymomonas mobilis ZM4.
Strategy for the identification of micro-organisms producing food and feed products: Bacteria producing food enzymes as study case.
Optimising the use of molecular tools for the diagnosis of yaws.
Oral administration of Lactobacillus acidophilus alleviates exacerbations in Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus pulmonary infections.
Diagnostic Bacteriology in District Hospitals in Sub-Saharan Africa: At the Forefront of the Containment of Antimicrobial Resistance.
Rescue from Stx2-Producing E. coli-Associated Encephalopathy by Intravenous Injection of Muse Cells in NOD-SCID Mice.
Complex microbial nitrogen-cycling networks in three distinct anammox-inoculated wastewater treatment systems.
Variable impact of an antimicrobial stewardship programme in three intensive care units: time-series analysis of 2012-2017 surveillance data.
Clinical and virulence factors related to the 30-day mortality of Klebsiella pneumoniae bacteremia at a tertiary hospital: a case-control study.
Forensic microbiology reveals that Neisseria animaloris infections in harbour porpoises follow traumatic injuries by grey seals.
Epidemiological Aspects of Escherichia albertii Outbreaks in Japan and Genetic Characteristics of the Causative Pathogen.
Complete Genome Sequence of Pseudomonas aeruginosa Reference Strain PAK.
No distinct microbiome signature of irritable bowel syndrome found in a Swedish random population.
Vancomycin and florfenicol resistant Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium isolated from human urine in an Egyptian urban-rural community.
Pyonitrins A-D: Chimeric natural products produced by Pseudomonas protegens.
Evaluation of the Yield of Histopathology in the Diagnosis of Lymph Node Tuberculosis in Morocco, 2017: Cross-Sectional Study.
The effect of a preoperative biliary prosthesis on the infectious complications of the pancreaticoduodenectomy.
Detection of colistin resistance in Escherichia coli using the MALDI Biotyper Sirius mass spectrometry system.
Emendation of the Genus Auritidibacter Yassin et al. 2011 and Auritidibacter ignavus Yassin et al. 2011 based on features observed from Canadian and Swiss clinical isolates and whole-genome sequencing analysis.
Circannual growth in Wisconsin children and adolescents: Identifying optimal periods of obesity prevention.
Dissemination of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae harbouring blaNDM or blaIMI in local market foods of Yangon, Myanmar.
Publisher Correction: Ca2+-regulated Ca2+ channels with an RCK gating ring control plant symbiotic associations.
RexAB is essential for the mutagenic repair of Staphylococcus aureus DNA damage caused by co-trimoxazole.
Serum levels of anti-hepatitis B surface antibodies among vaccinated children aged 1 to 12 years in a rural community in Fars Province, southern Iran.
Mycotoxin Occurrence in Maize Silage-A Neglected Risk for Bovine Gut Health?
Phage resistance at the cost of virulence: Listeria monocytogenes serovar 4b requires galactosylated teichoic acids for InlB-mediated invasion.
Peptidoglycan Production by an Insect-Bacterial Mosaic.
Quantification of visits of wild fauna to a commercial free-range layer farm in the Netherlands located in an avian influenza hot-spot area assessed by video-camera monitoring.
Rise and fall of the new variant of Chlamydia trachomatis in Sweden: mathematical modelling study.
[Staphylococcus aureus and its genotypes as a mastitis pathogen in dairy cattles - a review].
Identification and Characterization of Cronobacter Strains Isolated from Environmental Samples.
Cas9 Cleavage of Viral Genomes Primes the Acquisition of New Immunological Memories.
Genomic polymorphism of Mycoplasma flocculare revealed by a newly developed multilocus sequence typing scheme.
Characterizing species interactions that contribute to biofilm formation in a multispecies model of a potable water bacterial community.
Virulence genes expression in viable but non-culturable state of Listeria monocytogenes in fish meat.
Phenotypic and genotypic methods for identification of slime layer production, efflux pump activity, and antimicrobial resistance genes as potential causes of the antimicrobial resistance of some mastitis pathogens from farms in Menoufia, Egypt.
Colonization and immune modulation properties of Klebsiella pneumoniae biofilm-dispersed cells.
Corrigendum to "Prevalence of Dental Caries in 5- and 6-Year-Old Myanmar Children".
Complete Genome Sequence of an Enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli O111:H8 Strain Recovered from a Large Outbreak in Japan Associated with Consumption of Raw Beef.
Complete Genome Sequence of Mycoplasma bovis Strain KG4397, Isolated from Cattle in Japan.
Draft Genome Sequences of Enterococcus faecalis Strains Isolated from Healthy Japanese Individuals.
Longitudinal In Vivo Assessment of Host-Microbe Interactions in a Murine Model of Pulmonary Aspergillosis.
Siblings with typhoid fever: An investigation of intrafamilial transmission, clonality, and antibiotic susceptibility.
Optimization of the MALDIxin test for the rapid identification of colistin resistance in Klebsiella pneumoniae using MALDI-TOF MS.
Optimization of MALDI-ToF mass spectrometry for yeast identification: a multicenter study.
In vitro evaluation of various antimicrobials against field mycoplasma gallisepticum and mycoplasma synoviae isolates in Egypt.
Enhancing immunogenicity of novel multistage subunit vaccine of Mycobacterium tuberculosis using PLGA:DDA hybrid nanoparticles and MPLA: Subcutaneous administration.
Prevalence of antibiotic resistance and integrons, sul and Smqnr genes in clinical isolates of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia from a tertiary care hospital in Southwest Iran.
Management of Deep Neck Space Infections in a Tertiary Center in North West Nigeria.
The Pseudomonas aeruginosa T6SS Delivers a Periplasmic Toxin that Disrupts Bacterial Cell Morphology.
Discrimination based on sexual orientation against MSM in Brazil: a latent class analysis.
Shedding of OXA-181 carbapenemase-producing Escherichia coli from companion animals after hospitalisation in Switzerland: an outbreak in 2018.
The Effect of Nursing Consultation Based on Orem \' s Theory of Self-care and Bandura \' s Concept on Infertility Stress.
Detrimental Effect of Type I IFNs During Acute Lung Infection With Pseudomonas aeruginosa Is Mediated Through the Stimulation of Neutrophil NETosis.
Livestock-Associated Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus From Animals and Animal Products in the UK.
Large-Scale Analysis of the Mycoplasma bovis Genome Identified Non-essential, Adhesion- and Virulence-Related Genes.
A novel homozygous LRRK1 stop gain mutation in a patient suspected with osteosclerotic metaphyseal dysplasia.
Roles of lytic transglycosylases in biofilm formation and beta-lactam resistance in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Aeromonas dhakensis is not a rare cause of Aeromonas bacteremia in Hiroshima, Japan.
Detection of Borrelia DNA in tick species collected from vegetation and wild animals in Fukuoka, Japan.
THE STUDY OF SKIN AUTOFLORA \' S PATHOGENIC PROPERTIES IN PATIENTS DIAGNOSED WITH ATOPIC DERMATITIS.
Congenital syphilis: A prospective study of 22 cases diagnosed by PCR.
Multidrug-Resistant Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae and Staphylococcus spp. in Houseflies and Blowflies from Farms and Their Environmental Settings.
Comparison and assessment of necropsy lesions in end-of-lay laying hens from different housing systems in Denmark.
Clinical outcomes for cystic fibrosis patients with Pseudomonas aeruginosa cross-infections.
Monoderm bacteria: the new frontier for type IV pilus biology.
Altered Integrative and Conjugative Elements (ICEs) in Recent Vibrio cholerae O1 Isolated From Cholera Cases, Kolkata, India.
Development of a qPCR platform for quantification of the five bacteriophages within bacteriophage cocktail 2 (BFC2).
Multidrug-resistant profile and prevalence of extended spectrum beta-lactamase and carbapenemase production in fermentative Gram-negative bacilli recovered from patients and specimens referred to National Reference Laboratory, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Cutaneous tuberculosis in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil: description of a series of 75 cases.
Evolution of (p)ppGpp-HPRT regulation through diversification of an allosteric oligomeric interaction.
De novo design of programmable inducible promoters.
Quantitative comparative analysis of human erythrocyte surface proteins between individuals from two genetically distinct populations.
A Metataxonomic Tool to Investigate the Diversity of Treponema.
Genome Wide Phosphoproteome Analysis of Zymomonas mobilis Under Anaerobic, Aerobic, and N2-Fixing Conditions.
Accuracy of PCR and serological testing for the diagnosis of primary syphilis: Both tests are necessary.
Loggerhead sea turtles as sentinels in the western Mediterranean: antibiotic resistance and environment-related modifications of Gram-negative bacteria.
Tuberculosis in the wild boar: Frequentist and Bayesian estimations of diagnostic test parameters when Mycobacterium bovis is present in wild boars but at low prevalence.
Accuracy of Determine TB-LAM Ag to detect TB in HIV infected patients associated with diagnostic methods used in Brazilian public health units.
Near-equilibrium glycolysis supports metabolic homeostasis and energy yield.
Common principles and best practices for engineering microbiomes.
Cryptic diversity of a widespread global pathogen reveals expanded threats to amphibian conservation.
Characterization of SCCmec, spa types and Multi Drug Resistant of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates among inpatients and outpatients in a referral hospital in Shiraz, Iran.
The Core Proteome of Biofilm-Grown Clinical Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolates.
Trimethylamine N-Oxide Binds and Activates PERK to Promote Metabolic Dysfunction.
Genomic epidemiology of Iranian Bordetella pertussis: 50 years after the implementation of whole cell vaccine.
High Level Aminoglycoside Resistance and Distribution of Aminoglycoside Resistant Genes among Clinical Isolates of Enterococcus Species in Tehran/ Iran.
Risk factors for Clostridioides difficile infection in hospitalized patients and associated mortality in Japan: a multi-centred prospective cohort study.
Citrobacter rodentium-host-microbiota interactions: immunity, bioenergetics and metabolism.
Formation of Pseudomonas aeruginosa Biofilms in Full-thickness Scald Burn Wounds in Rats.
Bactericidal Activity of Ready-To-Use Alcohol-Based Commercial Wipes According to EN 16615 Carrier Standard.
Nitric Oxide Donor Modulates a Multispecies Oral Bacterial Community-An In Vitro Study.
Characterization of Klebsiella pneumoniae Coproducing KPC and NDM-1 Carbapenemases from Turkey.
Complete Genome Sequences of Two Klebsiella pneumoniae Phages Isolated as Part of an International Effort.
Single-Molecule Observation of Ligand Binding and Conformational Changes in FeuA.
Commensal E. coli rapidly transfer antibiotic resistance genes to human intestinal microbiota in the Mucosal Simulator of the Human Intestinal Microbial Ecosystem (M-SHIME).
Epidemiology of beta-Lactamase-Producing Staphylococci and Gram Negative Bacteria as Cause of Clinical Bovine Mastitis in Tunisia.
Bacteremia Caused by Salmonella Poona in a Healthy Adult in Tokyo, Japan.
[Pediatrics and travel culture: Spanish travel award-holders and the appropriation of laboratories on the periphery, 1907-1939].
Raised levels of Il-6, Il-17a, and Il-22 in fatal leptospirosis.
Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase and Class 1 integrons in multidrug-resistant Escherichia coli isolated from turkeys.
Yersinia enterocolitica: Prevalence, virulence, and antimicrobial resistance from retail and processed meat in Egypt.
Seroprevalence and risk factor associated with respiratory viral pathogens in dual-purpose cattle of Aguachica, Rio de Oro, and La Gloria municipalities in Cesar department, Colombia.
Lessons from One Fastidious Bacterium to Another: What Can We Learn about Liberibacter Species from Xylella fastidiosa.
Collaborative study for the calibration of the replacement International Standard for pertussis toxin for use in histamine sensitisation and CHO cell clustering assays.
Looking inside an injection system.
"The recent emergence of a highly related virulent Clostridium difficile clade with unique characteristics".
The antimicrobial effects of zinc oxide-calcium hydroxide mixture fillers: determining the ideal mixture ratio.
Virulence of beta-hemolytic streptococci in infective endocarditis.
Applicability of using 15 MIRU-VNTR loci for genotyping of Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis from two cattle farms in Egypt.
Comparative fitness analysis of D-cycloserine resistant mutants reveals both fitness-neutral and high-fitness cost genotypes.
T Cell Metabolism Is Dependent on Anatomical Location within the Lung.
Wastewater as a probable environmental reservoir of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase genes: detection of chimeric beta-lactamases CTX-M-64 and CTX-M-123.
Emergence of dominant toxigenic M1T1 Streptococcus pyogenes clone during increased scarlet fever activity in England: a population-based molecular epidemiological study.
Urinary lead concentration and composition of the adult gut microbiota in a cross-sectional population-based sample.
Multiple proteins arising from a single gene: The role of the Spa33 variants in Shigella T3SS regulation.
Post-surgical meningitis caused by Klebsiella variicola.
The D-alanyl-d-alanine carboxypeptidase enzyme is essential for virulence in the Schu S4 strain of Francisella tularensis and a dacD mutant is able to provide protection against a pneumonic challenge.
Fusobacterium nucleatum bacteremia with pneumopathy in a patient receiving eculizumab: a case report.
Informal genomic surveillance of regional distribution of Salmonella Typhi genotypes and antimicrobial resistance via returning travellers.
Joseph Engel (1816-1899), author of a meaningful dissertation on tumors of the pituitary infundibulum: his report on the oldest preserved whole craniopharyngioma specimen.
Antibiotic Resistance of Airborne Viable Bacteria and Size Distribution in Neonatal Intensive Care Units.
Evaluation of Rapid Library Preparation Protocols for Whole Genome Sequencing Based Outbreak Investigation.
Genomic and Proteomic Characterizations of Sfin-1, a Novel Lytic Phage Infecting Multidrug-Resistant Shigella spp. and Escherichia coli C.
Changes in the Molecular Epidemiology of Pediatric Bacterial Meningitis in Senegal After Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine Introduction.
Low complexity regions in the proteins of prokaryotes perform important functional roles and are highly conserved.
Comparison of pre-S1/S2 variations of hepatitis B virus between asymptomatic carriers and cirrhotic/hepatocellular carcinoma-affected individuals.
Dependency of Coxiella burnetii type 4B secretion on the chaperone IcmS.
Associations between antimicrobial treatment modalities and antimicrobial susceptibility in Pasteurellaceae and E. coli isolated from veal calves under field conditions.
Achromobacter spp. healthcare associated infections in the French West Indies: a longitudinal study from 2006 to 2016.
Bacterial Persisters and Infection: Past, Present, and Progressing.
Electroactive cardiac patch containing reduced graphene oxide with potential antibacterial properties.
Impact of alcohol-based hand-gel sanitizer and hand hygiene advice on travellers \'  diarrhoea and colonization with extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: A randomised, controlled trial.
Corrigendum: Revisiting the Global Epidemiology of Cholera in Conjunction With the Genomics of Vibrio cholerae.
Whole Genome Sequencing for Surveillance of Diphtheria in Low Incidence Settings.
First isolation and characterization of vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium harboring vanD5 gene cluster recovered from a 79-year-old female inpatient in Japan.
T-bet+ Cells Polarization in Patients Infected with Helicobacter pylori Increase the Risk of Peptic Ulcer Development.
Microbial Interaction Network Inference in Microfluidic Droplets.
Toward a Rapid Identification and a Novel Proteomic Analysis for Dermatophytes from Human and Animal Dermatophytosis.
Probiotics and Psychobiotics: the Role of Microbial Neurochemicals.
Acquisition of mcr-1 and co-carriage of virulence genes in avian pathogenic Escherichia coli isolates from municipal wastewater influents in Japan.
Changing epidemiology of the respiratory bacteriology of patients with cystic fibrosis-data from the European cystic fibrosis society patient registry.
Determination of magnetic motor evoked potential latency time cutoff values for detection of spinal cord dysfunction in horses.
Bordet-Gengou agar medium supplemented with albumin-containing biologics for cultivation of bordetellae.
Vaccination against CCPP in East Africa.
Expanding the scope and scale of microbiome research.
Review: Diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Structural basis for transcription activation by Crl through tethering of sigmaS and RNA polymerase.
Comments on a retrospective epidemiological analysis of shared risk factors for bovine trichomoniasis and bovine genital campylobacteriosis in La Pampa province (Argentina). Highlighting a neglected agent: Leptospira sp.
Detection and quantification of Staphylococcus in chronic rhinosinusitis.
Impact of negative-pressure wound therapy on bacterial behaviour and bioburden in a contaminated full-thickness wound.
Comparison of long-read sequencing technologies in the hybrid assembly of complex bacterial genomes.
Visualization of Spirochetes by Labeling Membrane Proteins With Fluorescent Biarsenical Dyes.
Viral respiratory tract infections in young children with cystic fibrosis: a prospective full-year seasonal study.
Virus Shedding of Avian Influenza in Poultry: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
[Application of laser light scattering technique to diagnose catheter-associated infections.]
OmpK36-mediated Carbapenem resistance attenuates ST258 Klebsiella pneumoniae in vivo.
Diversity in Genotype Distribution of Mycoplasma pneumoniae Obtained from Children and Adults.
High-Flow Oxygen Therapy to Speed Weaning From Mechanical Ventilation: A Prospective Randomized Study.
Re:  \' Microbiological epidemiology depending on time to occurrence of prosthetic joint infection \'  by Triffault-Fillit et al.
Expression Kinetics and Innate Immune Response after Electroporation and LNP-Mediated Delivery of a Self-Amplifying mRNA in the Skin.
Predominance of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus SCCmec type II-CC5 and SCCmec type IV-CC1/CC8 among companion animal clinical isolates in Japan; findings from phylogenetic comparison with human clinical isolates.
Red Wine Consumption Associated With Increased Gut Microbiota alpha-diversity in 3 Independent Cohorts.
Evaluation of a capture antigen ELISA for the characterisation of tetanus vaccines for veterinary use.
Helicobacter pylori: Infection and New Perspective for the Treatment.
Draft Genome Sequence of a Chryseobacterium indologenes Strain Isolated from a Blood Culture of a Hospitalized Child in Antananarivo, Madagascar.
Effects of Complex DNA and MVs with GTF Extracted from Streptococcus mutans on the Oral Biofilm.
Bacteriology and resistance patterns of otitis media with effusion.
Genetic determinants of gut microbiota composition and bile acid profiles in mice.
A nanobody targeting the translocated intimin receptor inhibits the attachment of enterohemorrhagic E. coli to human colonic mucosa.
The utility of endotracheal aspirate bacteriology in identifying mechanically ventilated patients at risk for ventilator associated pneumonia: a single-center prospective observational study.
The velvet repressed vidA gene plays a key role in governing development in Aspergillus nidulans.
Inhaled corticosteroid suppression of cathelicidin drives dysbiosis and bacterial infection in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Bacteria Detected in both Urine and Open Wounds in Nursing Home Residents: a Pilot Study.
A Convenient Synthetic Method to Improve Immunogenicity of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Related T-Cell Epitope Peptides.
Social and population health science approaches to understand the human microbiome.
[Latin American consensus to define, categorize, and report multidrug-resistant, extensively drug-resistant, or pandrug-resistant pathogensConsenso latino-americano para definicao, categorizacao e notificacao de patogenos multirresistentes, com resistencia ampliada ou panresistentes].
The Tol-Pal System of Uropathogenic Escherichia coli Is Responsible for Optimal Internalization Into and Aggregation Within Bladder Epithelial Cells, Colonization of the Urinary Tract of Mice, and Bacterial Motility.
Helicobacter pylori and Its Antibiotic Heteroresistance: A Neglected Issue in Published Guidelines.
Typical and Atypical Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli Are Both Virulent in the Galleria mellonella Model.
The impact of the systemic inflammatory response on hepatic bacterial elimination in experimental abdominal sepsis.
Ferric Uptake Regulator (FurA) is required for Acidovorax citrulli virulence on watermelon.
The ruminal bacterial community in lactating dairy cows has limited variation on a day-to-day basis.
Occurrence of autophagy during pioneer root and stem development in Populus trichocarpa.
Unique transcriptional and protein-expression signature in human lung tissue-resident NK cells.
The Investigation of Drug Resistance Substitutions in NS3 Protease Sequence of Hepatitis C Virus from Non-Responder Patients.
Localized genetic and phenotypic diversity of Xanthomonas translucens associated with bacterial leaf streak on wheat and barley in Minnesota.
Three-reaction high-resolution melting assay for rapid differentiation of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex members.
Rare Case of Community-Acquired Endocarditis Caused by Neisseria meningitidis Assessed by Clinical Metagenomics.
Distribution of lag-1 Alleles, ORF7, and ORF8 Genes of Lipopolysaccharide and Sequence-Based Types Among Legionella pneumophila Serogroup 1 Isolates in Japan and China.
Reply.
Therapeutic Potential of an Endolysin Derived from Kayvirus S25-3 for Staphylococcal Impetigo.
Pneumococcal serotype 19A is the major cause of pediatric acute otitis media with ruptured tympanic membrane in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 5 years after the introduction of the ten-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine.
Occurrence of genes encoding aminoglycoside-modifying enzymes in Escherichia coli isolates from chicken meat.
Large-scale genome analysis of bovine commensal Escherichia coli reveals that bovine-adapted E. coli lineages are serving as evolutionary sources of the emergence of human intestinal pathogenic strains.
Inhibition of inflammatory-molecule synthesis in THP-1 cells stimulated with phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate by brefelamide derivatives.
Potential of the dual IFN-gamma/IL-2 fluorescence-immunospot assay to distinguish different stages in bovine tuberculosis.
Nasopharyngeal carriage of Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, and Staphylococcus aureus in a Brazilian elderly cohort.
Truncated satratoxin gene clusters in selected isolates of the atranone chemotype of Stachybotrys chartarum (Ehrenb.) S. Hughes.
Characterising the gut microbiome in veterans with Gulf War Illness: a protocol for a longitudinal, prospective cohort study.
Directed Evolution Reveals the Functional Sequence Space of an Adenylation Domain Specificity Code.
Injectable Polypeptide Hydrogel Depot System for Assessment of the Immune Response-Inducing Efficacy of Sustained Antigen Release Alone.
Increased community-acquired upper urinary tract infections caused by extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli in children and the efficacy of flomoxef and cefmetazole.
Regulation of the Complement System by Pentraxins.
Polymicrobial etiology as a prognostic factor for empyema in addition to the renal, age, purulence, infection source, and dietary factors score.
Premaxillary abscess without bony erosion: An unusual complication of pediatric acute maxillary sinusitis.
Validation of environmental disinfection efficiency of traditional Ayurvedic fumigation practices.
Diagnostic techniques for rapid detection of Vibrio cholerae O1/O139.
Murraya paniculata and Swinglea glutinosa as short-term transient hosts of  \' Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus \'  and implications for spread of huanglongbing.
Nutrient depletion may trigger the Yersinia pestis OmpR-EnvZ regulatory system to promote flea-borne plague transmission.
Evolving by deleting: patterns of molecular evolution of Apple stem pitting virus isolates from Poland.
Pulmonary Mycobacterium kyorinense disease: A case report and review of literature.
Non-aureus staphylococci in fecal samples of dairy cows: First report and phenotypic and genotypic characterization.
High pressure sensitization of heat-resistant and pathogenic foodborne spores to nisin.
Characteristic profile of antibody responses to PPD, ESAT-6, and CFP-10 of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in pulmonary tuberculosis suspected cases in Surabaya, Indonesia.
Neonatal staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome in a breastfed neonate.
Ca2+-regulated Ca2+ channels with an RCK gating ring control plant symbiotic associations.
The repeated 36 amino acid motif of Chlamydia trachomatis Hc2 protein binds to the major groove of DNA.
Genomic sequencing of a national emm66 group A streptococci (GAS) outbreak among people who inject drugs and the homeless community in England and Wales, January 2016-May 2017.
Morphological and Molecular Characterization of a New Mycobacterium avium Subsp. paratuberculosis S-Type Strain Genotype in Goats.
Delivery of the Pseudomonas aeruginosa Phospholipase Effectors PldA and PldB in a VgrG- and H2-T6SS-Dependent Manner.
Directly Sequenced Genomes of Contemporary Strains of Syphilis Reveal Recombination-Driven Diversity in Genes Encoding Predicted Surface-Exposed Antigens.
Genome Sequence of a Salmonella enterica Serotype Senftenberg Strain Lacking Salmonella Pathogenicity Island-1 and Isolated in Japan.
The Ectomycorrhizal Fungus Laccaria bicolor Produces Lipochitooligosaccharides and Uses the Common Symbiosis Pathway to Colonize Populus Roots.
Is the discopathy associated with Modic changes an infectious process? Results from a prospective monocenter study.
Heterogeneity of Highly Susceptible Yersinia enterocolitica Isolates of Clinical and Environmental Origin: A 5-Year Survey from Iran (2011-2016).
Prevalence of quinolone-resistant uropathogenic Escherichia coli in a tertiary care hospital in south Iran [Response to letter].
Variable ability of rapid tests to detect Mycobacterium tuberculosis rpoB mutations conferring phenotypically occult rifampicin resistance.
Clinical benefits of FilmArray meningitis-encephalitis PCR assay in partially-treated bacterial meningitis in Israel.
In Colombia the Eurasian fungus Amanita muscaria is expanding its range into native, tropical Quercus humboldtii forests.
Characterization of Vibrio cholerae O1 isolates responsible for cholera outbreaks in Kenya between 1975 and 2017.
Imaging rRNA Methylation in Bacteria by MR-FISH.
ArdB Protective Activity for Unmodified lambda Phage Against EcoKI Restriction Decreases in UV-Treated Escherichia coli.
Adaptation of host transmission cycle during Clostridium difficile speciation.
Replication of Coxiella burnetii in a lysosome-like vacuole does not require lysosomal hydrolases.
Hiding in plain sight: colonic spirochetosis in humans.
4-amino-2-sulfanylbenzoic acid as a potent subclass B3 metallo-beta-lactamase-specific inhibitor applicable for distinguishing metallo-beta-lactamase subclasses.
Borrelia miyamotoi infection leads to cross-reactive antibodies to the C6 peptide in mice and men.
Structural Basis of the Subcellular Topology Landscape of Escherichia coli.
Polymyxins and Their Potential Next Generation as Therapeutic Antibiotics.
Prevalence of emm1 Streptococcus pyogenes having a novel type of genomic composition.
Microbial Perspectives: Mark Twain \' s Imaginative Experiment in Ethics.
Symposium report: One Health meets sequencing.
Strains of Staphylococcus aureus that Colonize and Infect Skin Harbor Mutations in Metabolic Genes.
Comparison of the clinical signs, pathological and immuohistochemical findings in visceral organs of chickens experimentally infected with Salmonella Zega through three routes.
French national cohort of first use of dalbavancin: a high proportion of off-label use.
Epidemiology, pathogenesis, treatment and outcomes of infection-associated glomerulonephritis.
Revisiting the Global Epidemiology of Cholera in Conjuction With the Genomics of Vibrio cholerae.
The Removal of Endo- and Enterotoxins From Bacteriophage Preparations.
Actinobacillus vicugnae sp. nov., isolated from alpaca (Vicugna pacos).
Camelid VHHs Fused to Human Fc Fragments Provide Long Term Protection Against Botulinum Neurotoxin A in Mice.
Foodborne infection of mice with Salmonella Typhimurium.
Development of 3,5-Dinitrophenyl-Containing 1,2,4-Triazoles and Their Trifluoromethyl Analogues as Highly Efficient Antitubercular Agents Inhibiting Decaprenylphosphoryl-beta-d-ribofuranose 2 \' -Oxidase.
Distribution of Capsular Types of Campylobacter jejuni Isolates from Symptomatic and Asymptomatic Children in Peru.
Induction of T7 Promoter at Higher Temperatures May Be Counterproductive.
The effect of Helicobacter pylori infection and different H. pylori components on the proliferation and apoptosis of gastric epithelial cells and fibroblasts.
Non-biofilm-forming commensal Staphylococcus epidermidis isolates produce biofilm in the presence of trypsin.
Cell Shape and Antibiotic Resistance Are Maintained by the Activity of Multiple FtsW and RodA Enzymes in Listeria monocytogenes.
Linezolid versus vancomycin cost in the treatment of staphylococcal pneumonia.
Legionellosis in Poland in 2017
Antimicrobial Resistance Screening in Chlamydia trachomatis by Optimized McCoy Cell Culture System and Direct qPCR-Based Monitoring of Chlamydial Growth.
Production of norspermidine contributes to aminoglycoside resistance in pmrAB mutants of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
orf20 in prophage phiv142-3 contributes to the adhesion and colonization ability of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli strain DE142 by affecting the formation of flagella and I fimbriae.
The Human Microbiota and Its Relationship with Allergies.
Total Laboratory Automation: What Is Gained, What Is Lost, and Who Can Afford It?
Clinical Microbiology in Underresourced Settings.
PAAR proteins act as the  \' sorting hat \'  of the type VI secretion system.
Madurastatin D1 and D2, Oxazoline Containing Siderophores Isolated from an Actinomadura sp.
The Earth Is Small for "Leviathans": Long Distance Dispersal of Giant Viruses across Aquatic Environments.
Secretion and functional expression of Mycobacterium bovis antigens MPB70 and MPB83 in lactic acid bacteria.
A patient from Mali with Actinomadura bangladeshensis-induced foot mycetoma: A diagnostic challenge.
Low incidence of Staphylococcus argenteus bacteremia in Hiroshima, Japan.
Adding alpha-tocopherol-selenium and ascorbic acid to periparturient sow diets influences hemogram, lipid profile, leptin, oxidant/antioxidant imbalance, performance and neonatal piglet mortality.
Typing of mecD-islands in genetically diverse methicillin-resistant Macrococcus caseolyticus from cattle.
Assignment of virus and antimicrobial resistance genes to microbial hosts in a complex microbial community by combined long-read assembly and proximity ligation.
Impact of antibiotic consumption on the carriage of antibiotic-resistant bacteria by school children.
Randomised study of the immunomodulatory effects of azithromycin in severe asthmatic horses.
A role for the Salmonella Type III Secretion System 1 in bacterial adaptation to the cytosol of epithelial cells.
Local outbreak of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase SHV2a-producing Pseudomonas aeruginosa reveals the emergence of a new specific sub-lineage of the international ST235 high-risk clone.
The in planta effective concentration of oxytetracycline against Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus for suppression of citrus Huanglongbing.
Molecular epidemiological analysis and risk factors for acquisition of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacter cloacae complex in a Japanese university hospital.
Consumer Safety Considerations of Skin and Oral Microbiome Perturbation.
Viral etiology of acute respiratory infections in children in Southern Iran.
Comparison of the sequencing bias of currently available library preparation kits for Illumina sequencing of bacterial genomes and metagenomes.
Influence of Heterologously Expressed azurin from Pseudomonas aeruginosa on the Adhesion and Invasion of Pathogenic Bacteria to the Caco-2 Cell Line.
Genetically diverse Pseudomonas aeruginosa populations display similar transcriptomic profiles in a cystic fibrosis explanted lung.
Eyelid lump in child associated with dog scratch.
Experimental Microbiomes: Models Not to Scale.
Xenogeneic modulation of the ClpCP protease of Bacillus subtilis by a phage-encoded adaptor-like protein.
Characterization of CMY-2-type beta-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli isolated from chicken carcasses and human infection in a city of South Brazil.
Innate and adaptive nasal mucosal immune responses following experimental human pneumococcal colonization.
Molecular Characterization and Antimicrobial Resistance of Livestock-Associated Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Isolates from Pigs and Swine Workers in Central Thailand.
The Biological Effects of Interleukin-17A on Adhesion Molecules Expression and Foam Cell Formation in Atherosclerotic Lesions.
The impact of antimicrobials on gonococcal evolution.
An unusual case of bovine anthrax in the canton of Jura, Switzerland in 2017.
Association between treatment duration and mortality or relapse in adult patients with Staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia: a retrospective cohort study.
Identification, cloning and characterization of SpEX exotoxin produced by Staphylococcus pseudintermedius.
Duplex TaqMan Hydrolysis Probe-Based Molecular Assay for Simultaneous Detection and Differentiation of Burkholderia pseudomallei and Leptospira spp. DNA.
Effects of Different G-Protein alpha-Subunits on Growth, Development and Secondary Metabolism of Monascus ruber M7.
Prevalence of quinolone-resistant uropathogenic Escherichia coli in a tertiary care hospital in south Iran.
Recombinant Omp2b antigen-based ELISA is an efficient tool for specific serodiagnosis of animal brucellosis.
Long-term effect of 10-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine on nasopharyngeal carriage of Streptococcus pneumoniae in children in Brazil.
A general protein O-glycosylation machinery conserved in Burkholderia species improves bacterial fitness and elicits glycan immunogenicity in humans.
Distribution and annual changes in the proportion of Streptococcus pneumoniae serotypes in Japanese adults with pneumococcal pneumonia from 2011 to 2017.
Network analysis of dairy cattle movement and associations with bovine tuberculosis spread and control in emerging dairy belts of Ethiopia.
DNA gyrase could be a crucial regulatory factor for growth and survival of Mycobacterium leprae.
Cigarette smoke exposure redirects Staphylococcus aureus to a virulence profile associated with persistent infection.
CpG ODN G9.1 as a novel nasal ODN adjuvant elicits complete protection from influenza virus infection without causing inflammatory immune responses.
Microbial community modulates growth of symbiotic fungus required for stingless bee metamorphosis.
Diketopiperazine Formation in Fungi Requires Dedicated Cyclization and Thiolation Domains.
Analysis of antibacterial and antibiofilm activity of purified recombinant Azurin from Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Prevalence of Candida bloodstream isolates from patients in two hospitals in Vietnam.
Determination of phenolic compounds by MALDI-TOF and essential oil composition by GC-MS during three development stages of Origanum majorana L.
The Limitations of the Rheumatogenic Concept for Group A Streptococcus: Systematic Review and Genetic Analysis.
Variation in streptomycin resistance mechanisms in Clavibacter michiganensis.
Non-biogroup 1 or 2 Strains of the Emerging Zoonotic Pathogen Escherichia albertii, Their Proposed Assignment to Biogroup 3, and Their Commonly Detected Characteristics.
Reference Gene Validation for Quantitative Real-time PCR Studies in Amphibian Kidney-derived A6 Epithelial Cells.
Respiratory protective equipment at work: good practices for filtering facepiece (FFP) mask.
Cervical anaerobic vertebral osteomyelitis following surgical tracheotomy: a case report.
Chalcone skeleton promotes transcription of gp91-phox gene but inhibits expression of gp91-phox protein, and hydroxyl groups in hydroxychalcones participate in the stable expression of gp91-phox protein.
Draft Genome Sequence Resources of Three Strains (TOS4, TOS5, and TOS14) of Xylella fastidiosa Infecting Different Host Plants in the Newly Discovered Outbreak in Tuscany, Italy.
Influence of different storage conditions on the performance of spray-dried yogurt used as inoculum for milk fermentation.
Prevalence, molecular typing, and antimicrobial resistance of bacterial pathogens isolated from ducks.
The Association Between Intraabdominal View and Systemic Cytokine Response in Complicated Intraabdominal Infections.
Author Correction: Atlas of group A streptococcal vaccine candidates compiled using large-scale comparative genomics.
Use of silicon nanoparticle surface coating in infection control: Experience in a tropical healthcare setting.
Tn-sequencing of Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae and Mycoplasma hyorhinis mutant libraries reveals non-essential genes of porcine mycoplasmas differing in pathogenicity.
Sanjin tablets for acute uncomplicated lower urinary tract infection (syndrome of dampness-heat in the lower jiao): protocol for randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, parallel control of positive drug, multicenter clinical trial.
Signature of natural resistance in NS3 protease revealed by deep sequencing of HCV strains circulating in Iran.
Clonal relatedness, phylotyping and antimicrobial susceptibility of extended-spectrum-beta-lactamase producing uropathogenic Escherichia coli isolates from outpatients and inpatients.
Isolation, characterization, and molecular identification of Candida species from urinary tract infections.
Universal membrane-labeling combined with expression of Katushka far-red fluorescent protein enables non-invasive dynamic and longitudinal quantitative 3D dual-color fluorescent imaging of multiple bacterial strains in mouse intestine.
Assays for Determining Pertussis Toxin Activity in Acellular Pertussis Vaccines.
Detection of human herpesvirus 6 (HHV-6) and human herpesvirus 7 (HHV-7) DNA in endocervical samples from a positive and negative HPV woman of Cordoba, Argentina.
ABCE1 Controls Ribosome Recycling by an Asymmetric Dynamic Conformational Equilibrium.
Parental Knowledge and Awareness Linked to Antibiotic Use and Resistance: Comparison of Urban and Rural Population in Croatia.
Production of CAR T-cells by GMP-grade lentiviral vectors: latest advances and future prospects.
Prediction of Persistence of Listeria monocytogenes ST451 in a Rabbit Meat Processing Plant in the Czech Republic.
Acceleration of the identification of sepsis-inducing bacteria in cultures of dog and cat blood.
Temporal changes in Plasmodium falciparum reticulocyte binding protein homolog 2b (PfRh2b) in Senegal and The Gambia.
Effects of crystalloid, hyper-oncotic albumin, and iso-oncotic albumin on lung and kidney damage in experimental acute lung injury.
Mechanisms of Transcriptional Pausing in Bacteria.
K3-EDTA differentially inhibits the growth of Candida strains according to their azole resistance status.
The tva(A) Gene from Brachyspira hyodysenteriae Confers Decreased Susceptibility to Pleuromutilins and Streptogramin A in Escherichia coli.
Population-based inference of aminoglycoside resistance mechanisms in Escherichia coli.
Identification of a potent small-molecule inhibitor of bacterial DNA repair that potentiates quinolone antibiotic activity in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Improving the Repeatability and Efficacy of Intradermal Electroporated Self-Replicating mRNA.
Complete genome sequencing of Enterococcus faecalis strains suggests role of Ebp deletion in infective endocarditis relapse.
Emerging anaerobic and partially acid-fast Lawsonella clevelandensis: extended characterization by antimicrobial susceptibility testing and whole genome sequencing.
Variation in the Internal Transcribed Spacer Region of Phakopsora pachyrhizi and Implications for Molecular Diagnostic Assays.
Use of the Invertebrate Galleria mellonella as an Infection Model to Study the Mycobacterium tuberculosis Complex.
Progress in mucosal immunization for protection against pneumococcal pneumonia.
Detection of Microbiota in Post Radiation Sinusitis.
Psychoactive drug prescription and urine colonization with extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae.
Short communication: Mycolicibacterium smegmatis, basonym Mycobacterium smegmatis, causing pyogranulomatous mastitis and its cross-reactivity in bovine (para)tuberculosis testing.
Retrospective study of canine infectious haemolytic anaemia cases reveals the importance of molecular investigation in accurate postmortal diagnostic protocols.
Vector-borne bacteria in blood of camels in Iran: New data and literature review.
Eucalyptus camaldulensis properties for use in the eradication of infections.
Genotypic identification of Pseudomonas aeruginosa strains isolated from patients with urinary tract infection.
Serogroup distribution, diversity of exotoxin gene profiles, and phylogenetic grouping of CTX-M-1- producing uropathogenic Escherichia coli.
Cutibacterium acnes phylotypes diversity loss: a trigger for skin inflammatory process.
Early Infection Dynamics of Dichelobacter nodosus During an Ovine Experimental Footrot In Contact Infection.
Systems Metabolic Engineering of Escherichia coli Improves Coconversion of Lignocellulose-Derived Sugars.
Bayesian Assessment of the Accuracy of a PCR-Based Rapid Diagnostic Test for Bovine Tuberculosis in Swine.
Role of Pneumococcal NanA Neuraminidase Activity in Peripheral Blood.
Complete Genome Assembly of an Auritidibacter ignavus Isolate Obtained from an Ear Infection in Switzerland and a Comparison to Global Isolates.
A novel group of Rhizobium tumorigenes-like agrobacteria associated with crown gall disease of rhododendron and blueberry.
The Bacterial and Fungal Microbiota of Nelore Steers Is Dynamic Across the Gastrointestinal Tract and Its Fecal-Associated Microbiota Is Correlated to Feed Efficiency.
Development of a real-time PCR method for the specific detection of the novel pear pathogen Erwinia uzenensis.
Dynamic Gene Network Analysis of Caco-2 Cell Response to Shiga Toxin-Producing Escherichia coli-Associated Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome.
Role of DEAD-box RNA helicase genes in the growth of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis IP32953 under cold, pH, osmotic, ethanol and oxidative stresses.
Mediation of plant-mycorrhizal interaction by a lectin receptor-like kinase.
The cryo-electron microscopy supramolecular structure of the bacterial stressosome unveils its mechanism of activation.
Identification of an autorepressing two-component signaling system that modulates virulence in Streptococcus suis serotype 2.
Evaluation of the immunochromatographic NG-test Carba5 for rapid identification of carbapenemase in non-fermenters.
A novel contact-independent T6SS that maintains redox homeostasis via Zn2+ and Mn2+ acquisition is conserved in the Burkholderia pseudomallei complex.
High Prevalence of Multifocal Spine Infections Involving the Cervical and Thoracic Regions: A Case for Imaging the Entire Spine.
Xylem Water Distribution in Woody Plants Visualized with a Cryo-scanning Electron Microscope.
Evolution of Helicobacter pylori associated with gastroduodenal ulcers or erosions in children over the past 23 years: Decline or steady state?
Trait-based analysis of the human skin microbiome.
BCG Therapy of Bladder Cancer Stimulates a Prolonged Release of the Chemoattractant CXCL10 (IP10) in Patient Urine.
Best Practices of Blood Cultures in Low- and Middle-Income Countries.
Evidence for the Cytoplasmic Localization of the L-alpha-Glycerophosphate Oxidase in Members of the "Mycoplasma mycoides Cluster".
Clustered Core- and Pan-Genome Content on Rhodobacteraceae Chromosomes.
Pyogranulomatous enteritis and mesenteric lymphadenitis in an adult llama caused by Rhodococcus equi carrying virulence-associated protein A gene.
Molecular epidemiology of Ralstonia solanacearum species complex strains causing bacterial wilt of potato in Uganda.
ECMM CandiReg-A ready to use platform for outbreaks and epidemiological studies.
Many plant pathogenic Pseudomonas savastanoi pv glycinea isolates possess an inactive quorum sensing ahlR gene via a point mutation.
Endometrial histopathology, bacteriology and cytology outcomes in mares with early embryonic death (EED): a field study.
Human GBP1 is a microbe-specific gatekeeper of macrophage apoptosis and pyroptosis.
Molecular analysis of virulence factors of hypermucoviscous Klebsiella pneumoniae in a diabetes patient with multifocal intramuscular and musculoskeletal abscesses.
Effects of Age and Environment on Adaptive Immune Responses to Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis (MAP) Vaccination in Dairy Goats in Relation to Paratuberculosis Control Strategies.
In ovo vaccination of broilers against Campylobacter jejuni using a bacterin and subunit vaccine.
Efficacy of colistin alone and in various combinations for the treatment of experimental osteomyelitis due to carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Pneumococcal Carriage, Serotype Distribution, and Risk Factors in Children With Community-Acquired Pneumonia, 5 Years After Introduction of the 10-Valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine in Ethiopia.
Featured Species-Specific Loops Are Found in the Crystal Structure of Mhp Eno, a Cell Surface Adhesin From Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae.
Supplementation with Akkermansia muciniphila in overweight and obese human volunteers: a proof-of-concept exploratory study.
A novel method for rapid detection of a Helicobacter pylori infection using a gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase-activatable fluorescent probe.
A case report of fungemia due to Kodamaea ohmeri.
Measles Transmission in a Fully Vaccinated Closed Cohort: Data From a Nosocomial Clustered Cases in a Teenage Psychiatric Unit.
Urinary Tract Infections in College and Non-College Women from Colombia.
Seroprevalence of IgA and IgM antibodies to Bordetella pertussis in healthy Japanese donors: Assessment for the serological diagnosis of pertussis.
A Francisella novicida Mutant, Lacking the Soluble Lytic Transglycosylase Slt, Exhibits Defects in Both Growth and Virulence.
Trends and prediction of antimicrobial susceptibility in urinary bacteria isolated in European emergency departments: the EuroUTI 2010-2016 Study.
Erythromycin-susceptible but clindamycin-resistant phenotype of ermB-PCR-positive clinical group B streptococci having IS1216E-inserted ermB.
Clinical characteristics of bacteremia caused by hypermucoviscous Klebsiella pneumoniae at a tertiary hospital.
Introduction to the special issue for The anaerobe society of the America \' s 14th Biennial congress in Las Vegas.
The intervention by an antimicrobial stewardship team can improve clinical and microbiological outcomes of resistant gram-negative bacteria.
A Vibrating Mesh Nebulizer as an Alternative to the Collison Three-Jet Nebulizer for Infectious Disease Aerobiology.
Anaplasma phagocytophilum evolves in geographical and biotic niches of vertebrates and ticks.
Optimizing identification of Mycoplasma bovis by MALDI-TOF MS.
Efficacy of Tylosin and Tilmicosin Against Experimental Mycoplasma gallisepticum Infection in Chickens.
Bovine leptospirosis in abattoirs in Uganda: Molecular detection and risk of exposure among workers.
Non-aureus Staphylococci Species in the Teat Canal and Milk in Four Commercial Swiss Dairy Herds.
A novel host-adapted strain of Salmonella Typhimurium causes renal disease in olive ridley turtles (Lepidochelys olivacea) in the Pacific.
Agr typing of Staphylococcus aureus species isolated from clinical samples in training hospitals of Isfahan and Shahrekord.
Application of Transcriptomics to Enhance Early Diagnostics of Mycobacterial Infections, with an Emphasis on Mycobacterium avium ssp. paratuberculosis.
MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry on intact bacteria combined with a refined analysis framework allows accurate classification of MSSA and MRSA.
Coinfection of Swiss cattle with bovine parainfluenza virus 3 and Mycoplasma bovis at acute and chronic stages of bovine respiratory disease complex.
Procalcitonin, C-Reactive Protein, Albumin, and Blood Cultures as Early Markers of Sepsis Diagnosis or Predictors of Outcome: A Prospective Analysis.
Multi-platform Approach for Microbial Biomarker Identification Using Borrelia burgdorferi as a Model.
Distribution of quinolone resistance gene (qnr) in ESBL-producing Escherichia coli and Klebsiella spp. in Lome, Togo.
The Humoral Immune Response to BCG Vaccination.
Macrococcus canis contains recombinogenic methicillin resistance elements and the mecB plasmid found in Staphylococcus aureus.
Erratum for Ramakrishnan et al., "Enhanced Immunogenicity and Protective Efficacy of a Campylobacter jejuni Conjugate Vaccine Coadministered with Liposomes Containing Monophosphoryl Lipid A and QS-21".
Gastrostomy tube placement via a laparotomic procedure in growing conventional piglets to perform multi-dose preclinical paediatric drug studies.
Monitoring antimicrobial resistance trends in commensal Escherichia coli from livestock, the Netherlands, 1998 to 2016.
The Lyme disease spirochete \' s BpuR DNA/RNA-binding protein is differentially expressed during the mammal-tick infectious cycle, which affects translation of the SodA superoxide dismutase.
Botulinum neurotoxins A, B, C, E, and F preferentially enter cultured human motor neurons compared to other cultured human neuronal populations.
Power Doppler ultrasound and contrast-enhanced ultrasound demonstrate non-invasive tumour vascular response to anti-vascular therapy in canine cancer patients.
DNA-Membrane Anchor Facilitates Efficient Chromosome Translocation at a Distance in Bacillus subtilis.
Reservoirs of resistance: polymyxin resistance in veterinary-associated companion animal isolates of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Effects of attenuated vaccine protocols against Salmonella Typhimurium on Salmonella serology in subclinically infected pig herds.
Lyme-associated uveitis: Clinical spectrum and review of literature.
Multiple Independent Recruitment of Sodefrin Precursor-Like Factors in Anuran Sexually Dimorphic Glands.
Serological responses of Australian horses using a commercial duplex indirect ELISA following vaccination against strangles.
Analysis host-recognition mechanism of staphylococcal kayvirus phiSA039 reveals a novel strategy that protects Staphylococcus aureus against infection by Staphylococcus pseudintermedius Siphoviridae phages.
Prevalence of voriconazole-resistant invasive aspergillosis and its impact on mortality in haematology patients.
QseC Signaling in the Outbreak O104:H4 Escherichia coli Strain Combines Multiple Factors during Infection.
Cytomegalovirus Seroepidemiology: a Population-based Study in Alborz Province, Iran.
VanA-type vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium ST1336 isolated from mussels in an anthropogenically impacted ecosystem.
Single-strain regression analysis evaluating disc potencies of flumequine and enrofloxacin for testing Aeromonas sobria and Vibrio anguillarum.
High Prevalence of USA300 Among Clinical Isolates of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus on St. Kitts and Nevis, West Indies.
Genetic characteristics of emerging Salmonella enterica serovar Agona strains isolated from humans in the prior period to occurrence of the serovar shift in broilers.
Making the Best of Aggression: The Many Dimensions of Bacterial Toxin Regulation.
Community-acquired serious bacterial infections in the first 90 days of life: a revisit in the era of multi-drug-resistant organisms.
Synthesis and antimicrobial activity of a phenanthroline-isoniazid hybrid ligand and its Ag+ and Mn2+ complexes.
Risk of otitis media with effusion (OME) in children by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Prolonged PR Interval and Erythema Marginatum in a Child with Acute Rheumatic Fever.
Effective Surveillance Using Multilocus Variable-Number Tandem-Repeat Analysis and Whole-Genome Sequencing for Enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli O157.
Host-Pathogen Interactions of Mycoplasma mycoides in Caprine and Bovine Precision-Cut Lung Slices (PCLS) Models.
Bacteriology of community acquired pneumonia in adult patients at Felege Hiwot Referral Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study.
Gut dysbiosis: not only with checkpoint inhibitors!
Functional textiles impregnated with biogenic silver nanoparticles from Bionectria ochroleuca and its antimicrobial activity.
Silence is golden for Staphylococcus.
Reducing Campylobacter jejuni colonization in broiler chickens by in-feed supplementation with hyperimmune egg yolk antibodies.
Infant contact in day-care centres in Vietnam: A cross-sectional study to understand infant infection risk.
Thermodynamic analysis of the pathway for ethanol production from cellobiose in Clostridium thermocellum.
Rule 24b of the International Code of Nomenclature of Prokaryotes and regulating the priority of names and epithets considered to be associated with heterotypic synonyms.
Neutrophils in innate immunity and systems biology-level approaches.
Late diagnosis and poor nutrition in cystic fibrosis diagnosed before implementation of newborn screening.
Correction for Wuthrich et al., "A Novel Trimethoprim Resistance Gene, dfrA36, Characterized from Escherichia coli from Calves".
Questionable Efficacy of Therapeutic Antibodies in the Treatment of Anthrax.
Synthesis and Study of New Quinolineaminoethanols as Anti-Bacterial Drugs.
Comparison of quantitative PCR and MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry assays for identification of bacteria in milk samples from cows with subclinical mastitis.
Enterohaemorrhagic Escherichia coli O121:H19 acquired an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase gene during the development of an outbreak in two nurseries.
Host intestinal biomarker identification in a gut leakage model in broilers.
Inner Membrane Translocases and Insertases.
A novel autolysin AtlASS mediates bacterial cell separation during cell division and contributes to full virulence in Streptococcus suis.
The prognosis of streptococcal prosthetic bone and joint infections depends on surgical management-A multicenter retrospective study.
Persistent primary cytomegalovirus infection in a kidney transplant recipient: Multi-drug resistant and compartmentalized infection leading to graft loss.
Systems analysis of subjects acutely infected with the Chikungunya virus.
Identification of respiratory microbiota markers in ventilator-associated pneumonia.
Quantitative microbiome profiling disentangles inflammation- and bile duct obstruction-associated microbiota alterations across PSC/IBD diagnoses.
Genetic relatedness of Mycobacterium avium subsp. hominissuis isolates from bathrooms of healthy volunteers, rivers, and soils in Japan with human clinical isolates from different geographical areas.
Characterization of the microbiota and volatile components of kocho, a traditional fermented food of Ethiopia.
Silicotuberculosis as an occupational infection: rate, risk factors and control strategies.
Acute Endometritis due to Taylorella equigenitalis Transmission by Insemination of Cryopreserved Stallion Semen.
Probabilistic chemotherapy in knee and hip replacement infection: the place of linezolid.
Development and validation of a monocyte activation test for the control/safety testing of an OMV-based meningococcal B vaccine.
Metabolic adaptation to glycolysis is a basic defense mechanism of macrophages for Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection.
Distribution and Diversity of Cytochrome P450 Monooxygenases in the Fungal Class Tremellomycetes.
ISAba1-dependent overexpression of eptA in clinical strains of Acinetobacter baumannii resistant to colistin.
Epidemiology and genetic screening of diarrheagenic Escherichia coli among symptomatic and asymptomatic children.
Optimizing strategies for Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseriagonorrhoeae screening in men who have sex with men: a modelling study.
Molecular characterization and phylogenetic analysis of Trypanosoma spp. detected from striped leaf-nosed bats (Hipposideros vittatus) in Zambia.
Time-variable expression levels of mazF, atlE, sdrH, and bap genes during biofilm formation in Staphylococcus epidermidis.
A systematic review on the distribution of Mycobacterium bovis infection among wildlife in the Americas.
Complete Genome Sequence of emm1 Streptococcus pyogenes 10-85, a Strain Isolated from a Patient with Streptococcal Toxic Shock Syndrome in Japan.
Valorisation of the invasive species, Prosopis juliflora, using the carboxylate platform to produce volatile fatty acids.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of 2,4,5-trisubstituted thiazoles as antituberculosis agents effective against drug-resistant tuberculosis.
Molecular typing of cytotoxin-producing Klebsiella oxytoca isolates by 16S-23S internal transcribed spacer PCR.
flaA-SVR Based Genetic Diversity of Multiresistant Campylobacter jejuni Isolated From Chickens and Humans.
Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron Starch Utilization Promotes Quercetin Degradation and Butyrate Production by Eubacterium ramulus.
Molecular detection of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae isolates of chicken origin from East Java, Indonesia.
Identification of specific protein amino acid substitutions of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)-producing Escherichia coli ST131: a proteomics approach using mass spectrometry.
Emergence of Azithromycin Resistance Mediated by Phosphotransferase-Encoding mph(A) in Diarrheagenic Vibrio fluvialis.
TRIM5alpha Restricts Flavivirus Replication by Targeting the Viral Protease for Proteasomal Degradation.
Mycology-related dissertations from the faculty of pathology, national postgraduate medical college of Nigeria (1980-2017): output and scientific communication.
Pollen-borne microbes shape bee fitness.
In Vitro Evaluation of Eudragit Matrices for Oral Delivery of BCG Vaccine to Animals.
A sensitive method for the recovery of Escherichia coli serogroup O55 including Shiga toxin-producing variants for potential use in outbreaks.
Polymerase chain reaction assay targeting nox gene for rapid identification of Brachyspira canis in dogs.
Prevalence of Helicobacter pylori infection and antibiotic resistance profile in Armenia.
Prevalence of Dental Caries in 5- and 6-Year-Old Myanmar Children.
Comparative functional analysis of mice after local injection with botulinum neurotoxin A1, A2, A6, and B1 by catwalk analysis.
Parechovirus and enterovirus infections in neonates.
Systems Immunology Characterization of Novel Vaccine Formulations for Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae Bacterins.
Role of ClpX and ClpP in Streptococcus suis serotype 2 stress tolerance and virulence.
Enrichment of Lignin-Derived Carbon in Mineral-Associated Soil Organic Matter.
Measurement of Yersinia Translocon Pore Formation in Erythrocytes.
Intravital Confocal Microscopy of Dermal Innate Immune Responses to Flea-Transmitted Yersinia pestis.
Escherichia coli ST410 among humans and the environment in Southeast Asia.
A molecular based diagnosis of positive blood culture in the context of viral haemorrhagic fever: proof of concept.
Are probiotics useful for therapy of Helicobacter pylori diseases?
Methicillin resistance genes and in vitro biofilm formation among Staphylococcus aureus isolates from bovine mastitis in India.
Epidemiological survey of tularemia in Ilam Province, west of Iran.
Seroprevalence of Leptospira spp. Infection in Cattle from Central and Northern Madagascar.
Discovery of anti-mucoviscous activity of rifampicin and its potential as a candidate antivirulence agent against hypervirulent Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Inflammatory skin is associated with changes in the skin microbiota composition on the back of severe acne patients.
Metagenomic and metabolomic analyses reveal distinct stage-specific phenotypes of the gut microbiota in colorectal cancer.
Comparison of methods for economic and efficient tick and Borrelia DNA purification.
CHROMagar  ESBL/mSuperCARBA bi-plate medium for detection of ESBL- and carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae from spiked stools.
Potential efficiency of conventional and advanced approaches used to detect Mycobacterium bovis in cattle.
A Mixed-Methods Exploration of the Educational Climate and Safety Climate During the First Year of Clinical Practice in Ireland.
Epigenetic changes in gastric cancer induction by Helicobacter pylori.
Gut Microbiota and Colonization Resistance against Bacterial Enteric Infection.
Antibacterial activity of disodium succinoyl glycyrrhetinate, a derivative of glycyrrhetinic acid against Streptococcus mutans.
A feline orthologue of the human MYH7 c.5647G&gt;A (p.(Glu1883Lys)) variant causes hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a Domestic Shorthair cat.
Selected Immunological Mediators and Cervical Microbial Signatures in Women with Chlamydia trachomatis Infection.
[Effects of preoperative secretions on dry ears after the surgery for chronic suppurative otitis media and cholesteatoma ].
Non-invasive, ratiometric determination of intracellular pH in Pseudomonas species using a novel genetically encoded indicator.
Trichomonas vaginalis and Mycoplasma infections among women with vaginal discharge at Fann teaching hospital in Senegal.
Truncating SLC12A6 variants cause different clinical phenotypes in humans and dogs.
O-acetylation of typhoid capsular polysaccharide confers polysaccharide rigidity and immunodominance by masking additional epitopes.
Scrutinizing the triad of Vibrio tapetis, the skin barrier and pigmentation as determining factors in the development of skin ulcerations in wild common dab (Limanda limanda).
Cytochrome P450 Monooxygenase CYP139 Family Involved in the Synthesis of Secondary Metabolites in 824 Mycobacterial Species.
Sarconesin II, a New Antimicrobial Peptide Isolated from Sarconesiopsis magellanica Excretions and Secretions.
Changes in cambial activity are related to precipitation patterns in four tropical hardwood species grown in Indonesia.
Influenza A Virus Infection Induces Hyperresponsiveness in Human Lung Tissue-Resident and Peripheral Blood NK Cells.
Streptococcal sagA activates a proinflammatory response in mast cells by a sublytic mechanism.
Visualising the invisible; why cleaning is important in the control of hospital-acquired infection.
Transcription of Bacterial Chromatin.
Pharmacokinetics and absolute oral bioavailability of meloxicam in guinea pigs (Cavia porcellus).
NaCl triggers the CRP-dependent increase of cAMP in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Brucellosis in dairy herds: A public health concern in the milk supply chains of West and Central Africa.
A Cinematic View of Tissue Microbiology in the Live Infected Host.
Genomic features of a clinical ESBL-producing and colistin-resistant hypermucoviscous K. quasipneumoniae subsp. similipneumoniae from Brazil.
Why oral antiseptic mouth rinsing before sputum collection cannot reduce contamination rate of mycobacterial culture in Burkina-Faso.
Infective endocarditis: a retrospective cohort study.
Rapid nondestructive measurement of bacterial cultures with 3D interferometric imaging.
Bacteria detected in the genital tract, semen or pre-ejaculatory fluid of Swedish stallions from 2007 to 2017.
Burkholderia cepacia meningitis in the Central African Republic.
Developmental Pharmacokinetics and Safety of Ibuprofen and Its Enantiomers in the Conventional Pig as Potential Pediatric Animal Model.
Cas13-induced cellular dormancy prevents the rise of CRISPR-resistant bacteriophage.
The S. Typhi effector StoD is an E3/E4 ubiquitin ligase which binds K48- and K63-linked diubiquitin.
Genome Sequencing Verifies Relapsed Infection of Helicobacter cinaedi.
Cytochrome P450 Monooxygenase-Mediated Metabolic Utilization of Benzo[a]Pyrene by Aspergillus Species.
Towards a Better Understanding of Microbial Community Dynamics through High-Throughput Cultivation and Data Integration.
Intercellular Transfer of Chromosomal Antimicrobial Resistance Genes between Acinetobacter baumannii Strains Mediated by Prophages.
Analysis of the results of the SEIMC External Quality Control Program. Year 2016.
In vitro activities of colistin, imipenem and ceftazidime against drug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii isolates in the south of Iran.
Transposon libraries identify novel Mycobacterium bovis BCG genes involved in the dynamic interactions required for BCG to persist during in vivo passage in cattle.
In Vitro Effect of the Traditional Medicine Hainosan (Painongsan) on Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Expression of adhesin genes and biofilm formation among Klebsiella oxytoca clinical isolates from patients with antibiotic-associated haemorrhagic colitis.
Immunodiagnosis of active tuberculosis.
Genetic typing of Enterococcus faecium VRE strains isolated in three hospitals in Warsaw and Siedlce in 2015-2016
Protein Transport Across the Bacterial Plasma Membrane by the Sec Pathway.
Atlas of group A streptococcal vaccine candidates compiled using large-scale comparative genomics.
Author Correction: Transcriptomics analysis of host liver and meta-transcriptome analysis of rumen epimural microbial community in young calves treated with artificial dosing of rumen content from adult donor cow.
Asymmetry in catalysis by Thermotoga maritima membrane-bound pyrophosphatase demonstrated by a nonphosphorus allosteric inhibitor.
Retrospective Study Comparing WBC scan and 18F-FDG PET/CT in Patients with Suspected Prosthetic Vascular Graft Infection.
Identification and validation of two peptide markers for the recognition of Clostridioides difficile MLST-1 and MLST-11 by MALDI-MS.
Role of patient descriptors in predicting antimicrobial resistance in urinary tract infections using a decision tree approach: A retrospective cohort study.
Estimating the association between antibiotic exposure and colonization with extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Gram-negative bacteria using machine learning methods: a multicentre, prospective cohort study.
Recent progress in electrochemical biosensors as point of care diagnostics in livestock health.
Unravelling ceftazidime/avibactam resistance of KPC-28, a KPC-2 variant lacking carbapenemase activity.
Treatment of military cases of cerebrospinal fever during WWI: the concerted efforts of the RAMC, MRC and Lister Institute to make serum therapy work.
Response of Beef Cattle Fecal Microbiota to Grazing on Toxic Tall Fescue.
Bacteriological evaluation of vaccination against Salmonella Typhimurium with an attenuated vaccine in subclinically infected pig herds.
Characterization of the non-glandular gastric region microbiota in Helicobacter suis-infected versus non-infected pigs identifies a potential role for Fusobacterium gastrosuis in gastric ulceration.
Factors associated with lung cytology as obtained by non-endoscopic broncho-alveolar lavage in group-housed calves.
Research and Publishing Ethics among Iranian Researchers: The Realities.
Infected aneurysm after returning from Southeast Asia: think Burkholderia pseudomallei!
Novel MLST sequence types of pathogenic Leptospira spp.: Opening the black box of animal leptospirosis in Brazil.
Investigation of chronic infection by Leptospira spp. in asymptomatic sheep slaughtered in slaughterhouse.
Molecular and clinical characteristics of severe Mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia in children.
Bacterial Aetiologies of Lower Respiratory Tract Infections among Adults in Yaounde, Cameroon.
Correction for Ramakrishnan et al., "Enhanced Immunogenicity and Protective Efficacy of a Campylobacter jejuni Conjugate Vaccine Coadministered with Liposomes Containing Monophosphoryl Lipid A and QS-21".
Attenuation of a Pathogenic Mycoplasma Strain by Modification of the obg Gene by Using Synthetic Biology Approaches.
Depsipeptide Aspergillicins Revealed by Chromatin Reader Protein Deletion.
Synergistic effect of immunomodulatory S100A8/A9 and ciprofloxacin against Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilm in a murine chronic wound model.
Discovery of the extracytoplasmic function sigma factors.
[Prevention of liver fibrosis and liver cancer linked to hepatitis B virus in Africa: the Prolifica study].
An Auto-luminescent Fluorescent BCG Whole Blood Assay to Enable Evaluation of Paediatric Mycobacterial Responses Using Minimal Blood Volumes.
Metabolic Remodeling during Biofilm Development of Bacillus subtilis.
Sequel and therapeutic modalities of leptospirosis associated severe pulmonary haemorrhagic syndrome (SPHS); a Sri Lankan experience.
Shedding light on a Group IV (ECF11) alternative sigma factor.
Effect of a Potential Probiotic Candidate Enterococcus faecalis-1 on Growth Performance, Intestinal Microbiota, and Immune Response of Commercial Broiler Chickens.
Mediterranean grassland soil C-N compound turnover is dependent on rainfall and depth, and is mediated by genomically divergent microorganisms.
Dichelobacter nodosus in sheep, cattle, goats and South American camelids in Switzerland-Assessing prevalence in potential hosts in order to design targeted disease control measures.
A CRISPR Screen Using Subtilase Cytotoxin Identifies SLC39A9 as a Glycan-Regulating Factor.
Long-term microbial community dynamics at two full-scale biotrickling filters treating pig house exhaust air.
ANTIMICROBIAL PROPERTIES OF NATIVE ULSTER MACROFUNGI (MUSHROOMS AND TOADSTOOLS) TO CLINICAL PATHOGENS.
Association of HBsAg mutation patterns with hepatitis B infection outcome: Asymptomatic carriers versus HCC/cirrhotic patients.
Study of 109 Achromobacter spp. isolates from 9 French CF centres reveals the circulation of a multiresistant clone of A. xylosoxidans belonging to ST 137.
Integrative transcriptomics, proteomics, and metabolomics data analysis exploring the injury mechanism of ricin on human lung epithelial cells.
Bacteriology of moderate-to-severe diabetic foot infections in two tertiary hospitals of Iran.
Cyclic di-GMP inactivates T6SS and T4SS activity in Agrobacterium tumefaciens.
Sensitive bioluminescence imaging of fungal dissemination to the brain in mouse models of cryptococcosis.
Controlled human infection for vaccination against Streptococcus pyogenes (CHIVAS): Establishing a group A Streptococcus pharyngitis human infection study.
Drug susceptibility profile of Mycobacterium kansasii clinical isolates from Brazil.
Effects of 7S globulin 3 derived from the adzuki bean [Vigna angularis] on the CSP- and eDNA- dependent biofilm formation of Streptococcus mutans.
Evaluation of SNP calling methods for closely related bacterial isolates and a novel high-accuracy pipeline: BactSNP.
Whole-Genome Sequencing Analysis of Nontyphoidal Salmonella enterica of Chicken Meat and Human Origin Under Surveillance in Sri Lanka.
Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae variability: Current trends and proposed terminology for genomic classification.
beta-glucan suppresses cell death of ASC deficient macrophages invaded by periodontopathic bacteria through the caspase-11 pathway.
A microbiota-generated bile salt induces biofilm formation in Clostridium difficile.
The thermophilic biomass-degrading bacterium Caldicellulosiruptor bescii utilizes two enzymes to oxidize glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate during glycolysis.
Olecranon bursitis secondary to Mycobacterium europaeum infection in a patient receiving immunosuppressive drugs for rheumatoid arthritis.
Prevalence of bovine tuberculosis and its associated risk factors in the emerging dairy belts of regional cities in Ethiopia.
Gnotobiotics: Past, present and future.
Evaluation of a web-based tool for labelling potential hospital outbreaks: a mixed methods study.
Treatment of bone and joint infections caused by Enterobacter cloacae with a fluoroquinolone-cotrimoxazole combination.
Genomic characterization of four novel Staphylococcus myoviruses.
[Impact of the 10-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine on the southern area of Santiago (Chile), 2009-2015Efeito da vacina pneumococica 10-valente conjugada na regiao sul de Santiago, Chile, 2009-2015].
Development of a flow cytometric assay to assess the bacterial count in boar semen.
Formulation and Optimization of a New Cationic Lipid-Modified PLGA Nanoparticle as Delivery System for Mycobacterium tuberculosis HspX/EsxS Fusion Protein: An Experimental Design.
Frontier Warriors-Combating Cholera in Rural India.
High-frequency ultrasound, computed tomography and computed tomography arthrography of the cranial cruciate ligament, menisci and cranial meniscotibial ligaments in 10 radiographically normal canine cadaver stifles.
Comparison of the efficiency of different cell lysis methods and different commercial methods for RNA extraction from Candida albicans stored in RNAlater.
Accessory gene regulator (agr) dysfunction was unusual in Staphylococcus aureus isolated from Chinese children.
Enhanced nutrient supply and intestinal microbiota development in very low birth weight infants.
Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhimurium Interacts with CD209 Receptors To Promote Host Dissemination and Infection.
Phylogenomic Investigation of IncI1-Igamma Plasmids Harboring bla CMY-2 and bla SHV-12 in Salmonella enterica and Escherichia coli in Multiple Countries.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of antimicrobial resistance in paediatric acute otitis media.
Development of a loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay for Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139.
2H and 13C metabolic flux analysis elucidates in vivo thermodynamics of the ED pathway in Zymomonas mobilis.
Mucous cell responses to contaminants and parasites in shorthorn sculpins (Myoxocephalus scorpius) from a former lead-zinc mine in West Greenland.
Emergence of IMP-producing hypervirulent Klebsiella pneumoniae carrying a pLVPK-like virulence plasmid.
Legionella co-infection in HIV-associated pneumonia.
Unearthing fungal chemodiversity and prospects for drug discovery.
A streptococcal Fic domain-containing protein disrupts blood-brain barrier integrity by activating moesin in endothelial cells.
Bismuth Concentrations in Patients Treated in Real-Life Practice with a Bismuth Subcitrate-Metronidazole-Tetracycline Preparation: The SAPHARY Study.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the epidemiology of antibiotic resistance of Vibrio cholerae in Iran.
A Novel Trimethoprim Resistance Gene, dfrA36, Characterized from Escherichia coli from Calves.
Critical Evaluation of Sinonasal Disease in 64 Adults with Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia.
Outbreaks of a Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Clone ST398-t011 in a Hungarian Equine Clinic: Emergence of Rifampicin and Chloramphenicol Resistance After Treatment with These Antibiotics.
Highly successful treatment outcome of multidrug-resistant and genetic diversity of multidrug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis strains in Rwanda.
Amorphous cellulose feed supplement alters the broiler caecal microbiome.
Oxidative stress resistance and fitness-compensatory response in vancomycin-intermediate Staphylococcus aureus (VISA).
Estimating within-flock transmission rate parameter for H5N2 highly pathogenic avian influenza virus in Minnesota turkey flocks during the 2015 epizootic.
Post-monsoon waterlogging-associated upsurge of cholera cases in and around Kolkata metropolis, 2015.
Epidemiology of carbapenem-resistant Escherichia coli and first report of blaVIM carbapenemases gene in calves from India.
Rapid Identification and Quantification of Lactobacillus rhamnosus by Real-Time PCR Using a TaqMan Probe.
Population structure and antimicrobial resistance traits of avian-origin mcr-1-positive Escherichia coli in Eastern China, 2015 to 2017.
New Bacteriophages against Emerging Lineages ST23 and ST258 of Klebsiella pneumoniae and Efficacy Assessment in Galleria mellonella Larvae.
A Study of Trichomonas vaginalis Infection and Correlates in Women with Vaginal Discharge Referred at Fann Teaching Hospital in Senegal.
Molecular Diagnosis of Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis; A Literature Review.
The Functional and Molecular Effects of Doxycycline Treatment on Borrelia burgdorferi Phenotype.
Preoperative joint aspiration culture results and causative pathogens in total hip and knee prosthesis infections: mind the gap.
Seroprevalence and associated risk factors of human Brucella infection in selected provinces in Sri Lanka
Considerable rate of putative virulent phylo-groups in fecal carriage of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase producing Escherichia coli.
Epidemiology, Risk Factors, and Outcomes of Opportunistic Infections after Kidney Allograft Transplantation in the Era of Modern Immunosuppression: A Monocentric Cohort Study.
A High-Throughput Platform to Identify Small-Molecule Inhibitors of CRISPR-Cas9.
Circulation of imipenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii ST10, ST2 and ST3 in a university teaching hospital from Tehran, Iran.
Genotypic and phenotypic profiles of virulence factors and antimicrobial resistance of Proteus mirabilis isolated from chicken carcasses: potential zoonotic risk.
Sensitive and specific detection of E. coli using biomimetic receptors in combination with a modified heat-transfer method.
Detection of pathogenic leptospires in the urine of domesticated elephants in Sri Lanka.
Acetate metabolic requirement of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli promotes its intracellular proliferation within macrophage.
Molecular and genetic characterization of carbapenemase-producing bacteria in Venezuela.
Laryngotracheal Microbiota in Adult Laryngotracheal Stenosis.
Enhanced Immunogenicity and Protective Efficacy of a Campylobacter jejuni Conjugate Vaccine Coadministered with Liposomes Containing Monophosphoryl Lipid A and QS-21.
Rapid growth predisposes broilers to necrotic enteritis.
The rapid detection and differentiation of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex members from cattle and water buffaloes in the delta area of Egypt, using a combination of real-time and conventional PCR.
Comparison of the disinfectant effects of Nanosil D2 and Korsolex extra solutions on thermoset acrylic resin contaminated with Streptococcus mutans and Bacillus subtilis.
Antibacterial activity of cinnamon essential oils and their synergistic potential with antibiotics.
Just Google it! Impact of media coverage of an outbreak of high-level azithromycin-resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae on online searches, and attendances, testing and diagnoses at sexual health clinics in England between 2015 and 2016: an interrupted time series analysis using surveillance data.
Nontuberculous lymphadenitis in children: What management strategy?
Design, synthesis and molecular docking of new N-4-piperazinyl ciprofloxacin-triazole hybrids with potential antimicrobial activity.
Impact of HIV on spontaneous spondylodiscitis.
Bayesian Evaluation of Three Serological Tests for Detecting Antibodies against Brucella spp. among Humans in the Northwestern Part of Ecuador.
Publisher Correction: Definitions and guidelines for research on antibiotic persistence.
Three New Cs for CRISPR: Collateral, Communicate, Cooperate.
Isolation and identification of microflora from the midgut and salivary glands of Anopheles species in malaria endemic areas of Ethiopia.
Despite Predominance of Uropathogenic/Extraintestinal Pathotypes Among Travel-acquired Extended-spectrum beta-Lactamase-producing Escherichia coli, the Most Commonly Associated Clinical Manifestation Is Travelers \'  Diarrhea.
Anti-biofilm and Antibacterial Activity of Allium sativum Against Drug Resistant Shiga-Toxin Producing Escherichia coli (STEC) Isolates from Patient Samples and Food Sources.
The "Petri" Dish: A Case of Simultaneous Invention in Bacteriology.
Pathogenicity study of Mycoplasma hyorhinis and M. flocculare in specific-pathogen-free pigs pre-infected with M. hyopneumoniae.
Antimicrobial resistance profiles and virulence genotyping of Salmonella enterica serovars recovered from broiler chickens and chicken carcasses in Egypt.
Bacterial biofilm in salivary stones.
Leishmania infection in lagomorphs and minks in Greece.
Impact of co-amoxicillin-resistant Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa on the rate of infectious complications in paediatric complicated appendicitis.
Raw diets for dogs and cats: a review, with particular reference to microbiological hazards.
Vonoprazan and Helicobacter pylori Treatment: A Lesson From Japan or a Limited Geographic Phenomenon?
Environmental DNA metabarcoding to detect pathogenic Leptospira and associated organisms in leptospirosis-endemic areas of Japan.
Directional Relationship Between Vitamin D Status and Prediabetes: A New Approach from Artificial Neural Network in a Cohort of Workers with Overweight-Obesity.
Glucagon reduces airway hyperreactivity, inflammation, and remodeling induced by ovalbumin.
BspR/BtrA, an Anti-sigma Factor, Regulates the Ability of Bordetella bronchiseptica To Cause Cough in Rats.
Copper Utilization, Regulation, and Acquisition by Aspergillus fumigatus.
Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli Stimulates Effector-Driven Rapid Caspase-4 Activation in Human Macrophages.
Multimodal Tracking of Controlled Staphylococcus aureus Infections in Mice.
Polyglycolic acid-collagen tube combined with collagen-binding basic fibroblast growth factor accelerates gait recovery in a rat sciatic nerve critical-size defect model.
Comparative geochemical evaluation of toxic metals pollution and bacterial communities of industrial effluent tributary and a receiving estuary in Nigeria.
Point prevalence of gastrointestinal parasites in double purpose cattle of Rio de Oro and Aguachica municipalities, Cesar state, Colombia.
Glutamine Therapy Reduces Inflammation and Extracellular Trap Release in Experimental Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome of Pulmonary Origin.
Production and evaluation of mono- and di-rhamnolipids produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa VM011.
Friend or Foe: The Protective and Pathological Roles of Inducible Bronchus-Associated Lymphoid Tissue in Pulmonary Diseases.
Exploitation of Antibiotic Resistance as a Novel Drug Target: Development of a beta-Lactamase-Activated Antibacterial Prodrug.
Mortality caused by extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae bacteremia; a case control study: alert to Enterobacteriaceae strains with high minimum inhibitory concentrations of piperacillin/tazobactam.
Neotropical wild rodents Akodon and Oligoryzomys (Cricetidae: Sigmodontinae) as important carriers of pathogenic renal Leptospira in the Atlantic forest, in Brazil.
Staphylococcus aureus versus neutrophil: Scrutiny of ancient combat.
Survival of Mycobacterium bovis BCG oral vaccine during transit through a dynamic in vitro model simulating the upper gastrointestinal tract of badgers.
Clonal expansion and spread of the ceftriaxone-resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae strain FC428, identified in Japan in 2015, and closely related isolates.
The emergence of mcr-1-mediated colistin-resistant Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae in domestic and imported turkey meat in the Czech Republic 2017-2018.
Removal of a Subset of Non-essential Genes Fully Attenuates a Highly Virulent Mycoplasma Strain.
Invasive Salmonella infections among children in Bintulu, Sarawak, Malaysian Borneo: a 6-year retrospective review.
Progress and Obstacles in Culturing  \' Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus \' , the Bacterium Associated with Huanglongbing.
Poultry: a receptacle for non-typhoidal Salmonellae and antimicrobial resistance.
The prevalence of Francisella spp. in different natural surface water samples collected from northwest of Iran.
Methanol extract of Lonicera caerulea var. emphyllocalyx fruit has antibacterial and anti-biofilm activity against Streptococcus pyogenes in vitro.
Erythema Migrans-like Rash Mimicking Lyme Disease.
Pseudomonas species isolated from camel meat: quorum sensing-dependent virulence, biofilm formation and antibiotic resistance.
SME-4-producing Serratia marcescens from Argentina belonging to clade 2 of the S. marcescens phylogeny.
Shigella MreB promotes polar IcsA positioning for actin tail formation.
Listeria monocytogenes infectious periaortitis: a case report from the infectious disease standpoint.
Improvement in serological diagnosis of pertussis by external quality assessment.
Different Virulence Capabilities and ompA Expressions in ST2 and ST513 of Multidrug-Resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.
Usefulness of complex bacteriological and serological analysis in patients with spondyloarthritis.
Type IV pili: dynamics, biophysics and functional consequences.
Effects of a phytogenic, alone and associated with potassium diformate, on tilapia growth, immunity, gut microbiome and resistance against francisellosis.
Role of Sialic Acid in Brachyspira hyodysenteriae Adhesion to Pig Colonic Mucins.
25th Annual Midwest Microbial Pathogenesis Conference.
Occurrence and characterisation of biofilms in drinking water systems of broiler houses.
Copan WASPLab automation significantly reduces incubation times and allows earlier culture readings.
The HosA Histone Deacetylase Regulates Aflatoxin Biosynthesis Through Direct Regulation of Aflatoxin Cluster Genes.
Bacterial Colonization of the Hospitalized Newborn: Competition Between Staphylococcus aureus and Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Culture-based bacterial evaluation of the appendix lumen in patients with and without acute appendicitis.
Carrying a 112 bp-segment in Helicobacter pylori dupA may associate with increased risk of duodenal ulcer.
The use of genomic DNA sequences as type material for valid publication of bacterial species names will have severe implications for clinical microbiology and related disciplines.
Shifts in fermentation end products and bacterial community composition in long-term, sequentially transferred in vitro ruminal enrichment cultures fed switchgrass with and without ethanol as a co-substrate.
Microbiological diagnostics of bloodstream infections in Europe-an ESGBIES survey.
Response to the Comment on "The Editor and the Author at Fault: A Lesson from Recent Retractions".
Definitions and guidelines for research on antibiotic persistence.
Helicobacter pylori Vacuolating Cytotoxin A Causes Anorexia and Anxiety via Hypothalamic Urocortin 1 in Mice.
Seroprevalence of leptospirosis in human groups at risk due to environmental, labor or social conditions.
Whole genome characterization of feline-like G3P[8] reassortant rotavirus A strains bearing the DS-1-like backbone genes detected in Vietnam, 2016.
Biogeography of the fish pathogen Aeromonas salmonicida inferred by vapA genotyping.
Haemophilus parasuis infection in 3D4/21 cells induces autophagy through the AMPK pathway.
Uterine endometrial cytology, biopsy, bacteriology, and serum C-reactive protein in clinically healthy diestrus bitches.
A first insight into the application of high discriminatory MIRU-VNTR typing using QIAxcel technology for genotyping Mycobacterium bovis isolated from the Delta area in Egypt.
Genome-wide effects on Escherichia coli transcription from ppGpp binding to its two sites on RNA polymerase.
Evidence that the stress hormone cortisol regulates biofilm formation differently among Flavobacterium columnare isolates.
Sequential Sensing by TLR2 and Mincle Directs Immature Myeloid Cells to Protect against Invasive Group A Streptococcal Infection in Mice.
Shifts in metabolic fuel use coincide with maximal rates of ventilation and body surface rewarming in an arousing hibernator.
Differential Catabolism of an Anthocyanin-Rich Elderberry Extract by Three Gut Microbiota Bacterial Species.
Molecular epidemiology of Leptospira interrogans in Rattus norvegicus in Hanoi, Vietnam.
High intensity interval training promotes total and visceral fat mass loss in obese Zucker rats without modulating gut microbiota.
High prevalence and risk factors of Coxiella burnetii in milk of dairy animals with a history of abortion in Iran.
Efficient Adsorption on Benzoyl and Stearoyl Cellulose to Remove Phenanthrene and Pyrene from Aqueous Solution.
Distribution and elimination of levamisole in eggs and tissues after oral administration to laying hens, determined by LC-MS/MS.
Characterisation of the course of Mycoplasma bovis infection in naturally infected dairy herds.
[Respiratory pathogen spectrum in pulmonary exacerbation of bronchiectasis in adults and its association with disease severity].
Response to:  \' Circulating microbiome in blood of different circulatory compartments \'  by Schierwagen et al.
Should central venous catheters be rapidly removed to treat Staphylococcus aureus related-catheter bloodstream infection (CR-BSI) in neonates and children? An 8-year period (2010-2017) retrospective analysis in a French University Hospital.
Role of Phenol-Soluble Modulins in Staphylococcus epidermidis Biofilm Formation and Infection of Indwelling Medical Devices.
Microbial degradation of azo dye carmoisine in aqueous medium using Saccharomyces cerevisiae ATCC 9763.
Establishment of an induced memory response in Pseudomonas aeruginosa during infection of a eukaryotic host.
A severe outbreak of botulism in cattle in Central Italy.
The role of 18F-FDG-PET/CT in the Diagnosis of left-sided Endocarditis: native vs. prosthetic valves endocarditis.
Changes in Cervical Human Papillomavirus (HPV) Prevalence at a Youth Clinic in Stockholm, Sweden, a Decade After the Introduction of the HPV Vaccine.
Comparison of ISG15, IL28B and USP18 mRNA levels in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of chronic hepatitis B virus infected patients and healthy individuals.
Draft Genome Sequence of Mycolicibacterium sp. Strain NCC-Tsukiji, Isolated from Blood Culture of a Patient with Malignant Lymphoma.
Modulation of TNF-alpha, IL-1Ra and IFN-gamma in equine whole blood culture by glucocorticoids.
Characterisation and 3D structure of melanomacrophage centers in shorthorn sculpins (Myoxocephalus scorpius).
A call to arms: Mustering secondary metabolites for success and survival of an opportunistic pathogen.
First clinical isolate of Escherichia coli harboring mcr-1 gene in Mexico.
Risk Factors for Infant Colonization by Hypervirulent CC17 Group B Streptococcus: Toward the Understanding of Late-onset Disease.
Integrated Omic Analyses Provide Evidence that a "Candidatus Accumulibacter phosphatis" Strain Performs Denitrification under Microaerobic Conditions.
Molecular epidemiology of colistin-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa producing NDM-1 from hospitalized patients in Iran.
In Silico Identification of Three Types of Integrative and Conjugative Elements in Elizabethkingia anophelis Strains Isolated from around the World.
Use of the counter selectable marker PheS* for genome engineering in Staphylococcus aureus.
Detection of specific Treponema species and Dichelobacter nodosus from digital dermatitis (Mortellaro \' s disease) lesions in Swiss cattle.
Mycotoxins in Conversation With Bacteria and Fungi.
Secreted proteases: A new insight in the pathogenesis of extraintestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli.
First isolation and genotyping of Bartonella henselae from a cat living with a patient with cat scratch disease in Southeast Europe.
Pooling skin swabs does not inhibit qPCR detection of amphibian chytrid infection.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Sequence Type 4846 Streptococcus pneumoniae Serotype 12F Strain Isolated from a Meningitis Case in Japan.
Feeding modes shape the acquisition and structure of the initial gut microbiota in newborn lambs.
Synergistic effect of granzyme B-azurin fusion protein on breast cancer cells.
Resistance to leukocytes ties benefits of quorum sensing dysfunctionality to biofilm infection.
That \' s the Way You Do It.
Ceftriaxone and cefotaxime have similar effects on the intestinal microbiota in human volunteers treated by standard doses regimens.
Assessment of seven protocols to prepare Cutibacterium acnes bacterial lysates to measure its immunogenic potential and review of the literature.
Assessment of the Efficacy and Mode of Action of Benzo(1,2,3)-Thiadiazole-7-Carbothioic Acid S-Methyl Ester (BTH) and Its Derivatives in Plant Protection Against Viral Disease.
Immunogenic reactivity of recombinant PKF and AbOmpA proteins as serum resistance factors against sepsis of Acinetobacter baumannii.
Age-related differences in antibody avidities to pertussis toxin and filamentous hemagglutinin in a healthy Japanese population.
Typing complex meningococcal vaccines to understand diversity and population structure of key vaccine antigens.
Insulin plus zinc induces a favorable biochemical response effects on oxidative damage and dopamine levels in rat brain.
Evaluation of MALDI-TOF MS and an expanded custom reference spectra database for the identification and differentiation of Taylorella equigenitalis and Taylorella asinigenitalis.
Utilizing in vitro DNA assembly to engineer a synthetic T7 Nanoluc reporter phage for Escherichia coli detection.
A 26-year-old man with a leg ulceration.
Escherichia coli endocarditis in an hemodialysis patient.
Symbiotic Plant Biomass Decomposition in Fungus-Growing Termites.
IncX4 Plasmid Carrying the New mcr-1.9 Gene Variant in a CTX-M-8-Producing Escherichia coli Isolate Recovered From Swine.
Amphibian fungal panzootic causes catastrophic and ongoing loss of biodiversity.
Virulence of a T6SS Campylobacter jejuni chicken isolate from North Romania.
Alternative Oxidase Capacity of Mitochondria in Microsporophylls May Function in Cycad Thermogenesis.
Compression of morbidity in a progeroid mouse model through the attenuation of myostatin/activin signalling.
Yersinia pestis Interacts With SIGNR1 (CD209b) for Promoting Host Dissemination and Infection.
Author Correction: Hydrogen-based metabolism as an ancestral trait in lineages sibling to the Cyanobacteria.
Carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii: in pursuit of an effective treatment.
Clarifying the Link between Toxin-Antitoxin Modules and Bacterial Persistence.
Accumulation of hyaluronic acid in stromal cells modulates osteoclast formation by regulation of receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand expression.
A sensitive gold-nanorods-based nanobiosensor for specific detection of Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli.
Lipopolysaccharides From Non-Helicobacter pylori Gastric Bacteria Potently Stimulate Interleukin-8 Production in Gastric Epithelial Cells.
A Na+ /Ca2+ exchanger of the olive pathogen Pseudomonas savastanoi pv. savastanoi is critical for its virulence.
Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) isolated from fecal samples of African dromedary camels.
fs(1)h controls metabolic and immune function and enhances survival via AKT and FOXO in Drosophila.
Novel Carbapenemases FLC-1 and IMI-2 Encoded by an Enterobacter cloacae Complex Isolated from Food Products.
Novel patterns in the molecular epidemiology of KPC-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in Tucuman, Argentina.
Congenital tuberculosis in an extremely preterm infant and prevention of nosocomial infection.
No detection of EBV, BKV and JCV in breast cancer tissue samples in Iran.
Ten years of external quality assessment (EQA) of Neisseria gonorrhoeae antimicrobial susceptibility testing in Europe elucidate high reliability of data.
Rapid diagnostic testing to improve access to screening for syphilis in prison.
Surgical site infection following abdominal surgery: a prospective cohort study
Phylogenetic Diversity and Antimicrobial Resistance of Campylobacter coli from Humans and Animals in Japan.
Adult acne in women is not associated with a specific type of Cutibacterium acnes.
Divergent selection on milk somatic cell count in goats improves udder health and milk quality with no effect on nematode resistance.
Bovine TB infection status in cattle in Great Britain in 2017.
Conformational and dynamic plasticity in substrate-binding proteins underlies selective transport in ABC importers.
Akkermansia muciniphila ameliorates the age-related decline in colonic mucus thickness and attenuates immune activation in accelerated aging Ercc1 -/Delta7 mice.
Emergence of OXA-48 Carbapenemase Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit in Marrakech, Morocco.
Spread of seb-Positive Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus SCCmec Type II-ST764 Among Elderly Japanese in Nonacute Care Settings.
Virulence and Antibiotic Resistance Patterns in E. coli, Morocco.
Chlamydia trachomatis CT229 Subverts Rab GTPase-Dependent CCV Trafficking Pathways to Promote Chlamydial Infection.
Novel 1,3,4-oxadiazoles as antitubercular agents with limited activity against drug-resistant tuberculosis.
Achromobacter xylosoxidans resistance to antiseptics and disinfectants is far from obvious.
A comparative analysis of prophylactic antimicrobial use in long-term care facilities in Ireland, 2013 and 2016.
Detection of rifampicin resistance of Mycobacterium tuberculosis using multiplex allele specific polymerase chain reaction (MAS-PCR) in Pakistan.
Acceleration of bone regeneration of horizontal bone defect in rats using collagen-binding basic fibroblast growth factor combined with collagen scaffolds.
Characterization of uropathogenic E. coli O25b-B2-ST131, O15:K52:H1, and CGA: Neutrophils apoptosis, serum bactericidal assay, biofilm formation, and virulence typing.
Recommendations for the Establishment and Operation of Human Milk Banks in Europe: A Consensus Statement From the European Milk Bank Association (EMBA).
Recombination between phages and CRISPR-cas loci facilitates horizontal gene transfer in staphylococci.
Hygiene and biosecurity protocols reduce infection prevalence but do not improve fledging success in an endangered parrot.
The shufflon of IncI1 plasmids is rearranged constantly during different growth conditions.
Intra-Species and Inter-Species Differences in Cytokine Production by Porcine Antigen-Presenting Cells Stimulated by Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae, M. hyorhinis, and M. flocculare.
Mycobacterium nebraskense infection in a dog in Switzerland with disseminated skin lesions.
Clinical and biochemical differences between hantavirus infection and leptospirosis: a retrospective analysis of a patient series in Belgium.
Clinical Situations of Bacteriology and Prognosis in Patients with Urosepsis.
Effect of Lonicera caerulea var. emphyllocalyx Extracts on Murine Streptococcus pyogenes Infection by Modulating Immune System.
Evaluation of a Rapid Kit for Detection of IgM against Leptospira in Human.
Increase in antibiotic resistant Helicobacter pylori in a University Hospital in Japan.
In vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of equine clinical isolates from France, 2006-2016.
Effects of corn silage inclusion in preweaning calf diets.
Randomized, controlled, superiority study of extended duration of therapy with an intramammary antibiotic for treatment of clinical mastitis.
Presence and fate of antibiotic residues, antibiotic resistance genes and zoonotic bacteria during biological swine manure treatment.
Intraoperative bacterial analysis in nasal polyposis: Clinical and functional impact.
Local structural changes of the influenza A virus ribonucleoprotein complex by single mutations in the specific residues involved in efficient genome packaging.
Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis fingerprinting of Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli strains isolated from clinical specimens, Iran.
Genetic diversity and amino acid sequence polymorphism in Helicobacter pylori CagL hypervariable motif and its association with virulence markers and gastroduodenal diseases.
"Is our choice of empirical antibiotics appropriate for patients with methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus in breast abscess?"
Clostridioides (Clostridium) difficile infection burden in Japan: A multicenter prospective study.
Meningococcal purpura fulminans and severe myocarditis with clinical meningitis but no meningeal inflammation: a case report.
Forest fragmentation modulates effects of tree species richness and composition on ecosystem multifunctionality.
Measurement of the incidence of care-associated adverse events at the Department of Pediatrics of a teaching hospital.
Epidemiology and genotypic characterisation of dissemination patterns of uropathogenic Escherichia coli in a community.
Quantifying the burden of managing wildlife diseases in multiple host species.
Modulation of TAP-dependent antigen compartmentalization during human monocyte-to-DC differentiation.
Comparative genomic analysis of 127 Escherichia coli strains isolated from domestic animals with diarrhea in China.
Isolation of group B Streptococcus with reduced beta-lactam susceptibility from pregnant women.
Co-opting oxylipin signals in microbial disease.
Phenotypic characterization and virulence-related properties of Escherichia albertii strains isolated from children with diarrhea in Brazil.
A unique methylation pattern by a type I HsdM methyltransferase prepares for DpnI rare cutting sites in the Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 genome.
Spatiotemporal control of FlgZ activity impacts Pseudomonas aeruginosa flagellar motility.
Vibrio cholerae O6 gastroenteritis in a patient with lupus nephritis - a report from coastal Karnataka, South India.
ICESsuHN105, a Novel Multiple Antibiotic Resistant ICE in Streptococcus suis Serotype 5 Strain HN105.
Survivability of highly pathogenic avian influenza virus (H5N1) in naturally preened duck feathers at different temperatures.
Antimycobacterial strategies to evade antimicrobial resistance in the nontuberculous mycobacteria.
Peritonitis by Exophiala dermatitidis in a pediatric patient.
Evaluation of co-transfer of plasmid-mediated fluoroquinolone resistance genes and bla NDM gene in Enterobacteriaceae causing neonatal septicaemia.
Plant-Growth Promotion and Biocontrol Properties of Three Streptomyces spp. Isolates to Control Bacterial Rice Pathogens.
Aztreonam plus Clavulanate, Tazobactam, or Avibactam for Treatment of Infections Caused by Metallo-beta-Lactamase-Producing Gram-Negative Bacteria.
Assessment of two selective agar media to isolate colistin-resistant bovine Escherichia coli: Correlation with minimal inhibitory concentration and presence of mcr genes.
Epidemiology and Appropriateness of Antibiotic Prescribing in Severe Pneumonia After Lung Resection.
Studies on formulation of a combination heat killed immunogen from diarrheagenic Escherichia coli and Vibrio cholerae in RITARD model.
An outbreak of Mycoplasma mycoides subspecies capri arthritis in young goats: a case study.
Serum antibody profiles in individuals with latent Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection.
Similarities, variations, and evolution of cytochrome P450s in Streptomyces versus Mycobacterium.
Severe infections due to Francisella tularensis ssp. holarctica in solid organ transplant recipient: report of two cases and review of literature.
Specification of Bacteriophage Isolated Against Clinical Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus.
Helicobacter suis infection alters glycosylation and decreases the pathogen growth inhibiting effect and binding avidity of gastric mucins.
Weakly haemolytic variants of Brachyspira hyodysenteriae newly emerged in Europe belong to a distinct subclade with unique genetic properties.
Revealing mcr-1-positive ESBL-producing Escherichia coli strains among Enterobacteriaceae from food-producing animals (bovine, swine and poultry) and meat (bovine and swine), Portugal, 2010-2015.
Analysis of Death and Survival Factors Associated with Childhood Bacterial Meningitis at a Reference Pediatric Hospital in Antananarivo, Madagascar.
Upregulation of MUC5AC production and deposition of LEWIS determinants by HELICOBACTER PYLORI facilitate gastric tissue colonization and the maintenance of infection.
Autometa: automated extraction of microbial genomes from individual shotgun metagenomes.
Bacteremic Community-Acquired Pneumonia in Ethiopian Children: Etiology, Antibiotic Resistance, Risk Factors, and Clinical Outcome.
Transcriptomic Analysis of the Brucella melitensis Rev.1 Vaccine Strain in an Acidic Environment: Insights Into Virulence Attenuation.
Global biochemical and structural analysis of the type IV pilus from the Gram-positive bacterium Streptococcus sanguinis.
Messages from the third International Conference on Clinical Metagenomics (ICCMg3).
Absence of bacteria in intracranial aneurysms.
Extending the 30-minute rule for red cell units - investigation of the bacterial risk of 60-minute exposures to ambient temperature.
Subcutaneous Dirofilariasis in Female Pubic Region - Case Report.
Critical symbiont signals drive both local and systemic changes in diel and developmental host gene expression.
Occurrence of Salmonella, Campylobacter, Clostridium and Enterobacteriaceae in raw meat-based diets for dogs.
Intravital microscopy: Imaging host-parasite interactions in the brain.
1H, 13C and 15N NMR assignments of Bacillus subtilis bacteriophage SPO1 protein Gp46.
Patterns of community assembly in the developing chicken microbiome reveal rapid primary succession.
Simultaneous measurement of antigen-induced CXCL10 and IFN-gamma enhances test sensitivity for bovine TB detection in cattle.
PET/Computed Tomography Evaluation of Infection of the Heart.
Multidrug resistance and multivirulence plasmids in enterotoxigenic and hybrid Shiga toxin-producing/enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli isolated from diarrheic pigs in Switzerland.
A real-time PCR assay for detecting a penA mutation associated with ceftriaxone resistance in Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
Docosahexaenoic acid enhances M2 macrophage polarization via the p38 signaling pathway and autophagy.
Latent TB Infection (LTBI) - Mycobacterium tuberculosis pathogenesis and the dynamics of the granuloma battleground.
Novel cutaneous mediators of chemical allergy.
Correction: Macroevolution of gastric Helicobacter species unveils interspecies admixture and time of divergence.
High prevalence and characterization of extended-spectrum ss-lactamase producing Enterobacteriaceae in Chadian hospitals.
Mapping and Analysing Potential Sources and Transmission Routes of Antimicrobial Resistant Organisms in the Environment using Geographic Information Systems-An Exploratory Study.
Overcoming the pitfalls of automatic interpretation of whole genome sequencing data by online tools for the prediction of pyrazinamide resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Molecular and phenotypic characterization of Leptospira johnsonii sp. nov., Leptospira ellinghausenii sp. nov. and Leptospira ryugenii sp. nov. isolated from soil and water in Japan.
Spodiobacter cordis gen. nov. sp. nov., a member of the family Flavobacteriaceae isolated from patients with infective endocarditis.
Microbial bile salt hydrolases mediate the efficacy of faecal microbiota transplant in the treatment of recurrent Clostridioides difficile infection.
The use of equine chondrogenic-induced mesenchymal stem cells as a treatment for osteoarthritis: A randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled proof-of-concept study.
Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase production and multi-drug resistance among Enterobacteriaceae isolated in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Changes in the Pneumococcal Vaccine Serotypes in Adult Noninvasive Pneumonia after the Introduction of Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccination for Children.
Identification of a Novel Variant Form of Aspergillus fumigatus CalC and Generation of Anti-CalC Monoclonal Antibodies.
Genome-Based Epidemiological Analysis of 13 Acinetobacter Strains Isolated from Blood Cultures of Hospitalized Patients from a University Hospital in Japan.
Carriage of a single strain of non-toxigenic Corynebacterium diphtheriae biovar Belfanti (Corynebacterium belfantii) in four patients with cystic fibrosis.
Decreased susceptibility to chlorhexidine and distribution of qacA/B genes among coagulase-negative Staphylococcus clinical samples.
Association Between Culture and Culture-Independent Microtyping in Recalcitrant Chronic Rhinosinusitis.
Impact of the Gastro-Intestinal Bacterial Microbiome on Helicobacter-Associated Diseases.
EGFR Mutations in Cell-free Plasma DNA from Patients with Advanced Lung Adenocarcinoma: Improved Detection by Droplet Digital PCR.
The human microbiome in health and disease: hype or hope.
Department of Sera and Vaccines Production in the National Institute of Hygiene 1919-1951
First Case in Korea of Group B Streptococcus With Reduced Penicillin Susceptibility Harboring Amino Acid Substitutions in Penicillin-Binding Protein 2X.
Efficacy of teicoplanin monotherapy following initial standard therapy in Enterococcus faecalis infective endocarditis: a retrospective cohort study.
Antimicrobial Photodynamic Therapy: An Effective Alternative Approach to Control Bacterial Infections.
Impacts of microbial assemblage and environmental conditions on the distribution of anatoxin-a producing cyanobacteria within a river network.
Effective delivery of the anti-mycobacterial peptide NZX in mesoporous silica nanoparticles.
Resonance assignments of sigma factor S binding protein Crl from Escherichia coli.
Multicompartment Mercury Contamination in Major Gold Mining Districts at the Department of Bolivar, Colombia.
Systemic infection in European perch with thermoadapted virulent Aeromonas salmonicida (Perca fluviatilis).
Bacterial biofilm in adenoids of children with chronic otitis media. Part I: a case control study of prevalence of biofilms in adenoids, risk factors and middle ear biofilms.
Correction to: Transcriptomics of manually isolated Amborella trichopoda egg apparatus cells.
Phenotypic and Genotypic Characterization of Clinical Isolates Belonging to the Acinetobacter calcoaceticus-Acinetobacter baumannii (ACB) Complex Isolated From Animals Treated at a Veterinary Hospital in Switzerland.
Phylogeographic Distribution of Human and Hare Francisella Tularensis Subsp. Holarctica Strains in the Netherlands and Its Pathology in European Brown Hares (Lepus Europaeus).
Haitian Variant Vibrio cholerae O1 Strains Manifest Higher Virulence in Animal Models.
Asthma, Rhinoconjunctivitis, Eczema, and the Association with Perinatal Anthropometric Factors in Vietnamese Children.
NG-Test Carba 5 for Rapid Detection of Carbapenemase-Producing Enterobacterales from Positive Blood Cultures.
Rapid identification of Candida sp. by MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry subsequent to short-term incubation on a solid medium.
Differential Gene Expression Patterns of Yersinia pestis and Yersinia pseudotuberculosis during Infection and Biofilm Formation in the Flea Digestive Tract.
Systems-Level Analysis of Oxygen Exposure in Zymomonas mobilis: Implications for Isoprenoid Production.
The role of alpha defensin in prosthetic joint infection (PJI) diagnosis: a literature review.
Trypethelone and phenalenone derivatives isolated from the mycobiont culture of Trypethelium eluteriae Spreng. and their anti-mycobacterial properties.
Mouse Model of Staphylococcus aureus Skin Infection.
Next-generation sequencing combined with routine methods to detect the pathogens of encephalitis/meningitis from a Chinese tertiary pediatric neurology center.
In-feed resin acids reduce matrix metalloproteinase activity in the ileal mucosa of healthy broilers without inducing major effects on the gut microbiota.
A climate-driven and field data-assimilated population dynamics model of sand flies.
Seasonal influence, enteropathogenic microbial load and diarrhoeal enigma in the Gangetic Delta, India: Present scenario and health implications.
Immunomodulating dose of levamisole stimulates innate immune response and prevents intestinal damage in porcine rotavirus diarrhea: a restricted-randomized, single-blinded, and placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Epidemiological and clinical features of invasive pneumococcal disease caused by serotype 12F in adults, Japan.
Is Frozen Human Milk That Is Refused by Mother \' s Own Infant Suitable for Human Milk Bank Donation?
Genetic, biochemical and structural characterization of CMY-136 beta-lactamase, a peculiar CMY-2 variant.
Checks and Balances with Use of the Keio Collection for Phenotype Testing.
Deciphering the Antibacterial Mode of Action of Alpha-Mangostin on Staphylococcus epidermidis RP62A Through an Integrated Transcriptomic and Proteomic Approach.
Predictors of Infertility Stress among Couples Diagnosed in a Public Center for Assisted Reproductive Technology.
Marek \' s Disease Virus Disables the ATR-Chk1 Pathway by Activating STAT3.
National Survey on the Management of Adult Bronchiectasis in Belgium.
Is it true that gut microbiota is considered as panacea in cancer therapy?
Carriage and colonization of C. difficile in preterm neonates: A longitudinal prospective study.
Current information on the association of Helicobacter pylori with autophagy and gastric cancer.
Targeted Next Generation Sequencing to study insert stability in genetically modified plants.
False-Positive Carbapenem-Hydrolyzing Confirmatory Tests Due to ACT-28, a Chromosomally Encoded AmpC with Weak Carbapenemase Activity from Enterobacter kobei.
Biofilms 2018: A diversity of microbes and mechanisms.
Comparative virulence of diverse Coxiella burnetii strains.
Seroprevalence of Q fever among high-risk occupations in the Ilam province, the west of Iran.
Detection and sequencing of porcine circovirus 3 in commercially sourced laboratory mice.
Diversity of Plasmids and Genes Encoding Resistance to Extended Spectrum Cephalosporins in Commensal Escherichia coli From Dutch Livestock in 2007-2017.
Integrated analysis of population genomics, transcriptomics and virulence provides novel insights into Streptococcus pyogenes pathogenesis.
Export of a Vibrio parahaemolyticus toxin by the Sec and type III secretion machineries in tandem.
Metabolic adaptation of adherent-invasive Escherichia coli to exposure to bile salts.
Proposed modifications to Rule 40d of the International Code of Nomenclature of Prokaryotes.
Sensitive and immunogen-specific serological detection of Rodentibacter pneumotropicus infections in mice.
Xenogeneic Regulation of the Bacterial Transcription Machinery.
Detection of mcr-1-mediated colistin resistance in E. coli isolate from imported chicken meat from Brazil.
Regulatory T lymphocytes are associated with increased nasopharyngeal colonization in children.
Human Papillomavirus infection in senegalese female sex workers.
Production of neutralizing antibodies against the secreted Clostridium chauvoei toxin A (CctA) upon blackleg vaccination.
Salmonella SPI-2 type III secretion system-dependent inhibition of antigen presentation and T cell function.
Biochemical characterization of TyrA dehydrogenases from Saccharomyces cerevisiae (Ascomycota) and Pleurotus ostreatus (Basidiomycota).
Development and validation of the European QUALity (EQUAL) score for mucormycosis management in haematology.
Carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae digestive carriage at hospital readmission and the role of antibiotic exposure.
Community-acquired fulminant colitis caused by binary toxin-producing Clostridium difficile in Japan.
(Ph)ighting Phages: How Bacteria Resist Their Parasites.
Randomized, open-label, multicenter study of azithromycin compared with doxycycline for treating anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection concomitant to a vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study).
Age-Related Patterns of DNA Detection and Specific IgG Subclasses in Healthy HHV-6- and HHV-7-Infected Individuals.
Evaluation of the Immunomodulatory Effects of All-Trans Retinoic Acid Solid Lipid Nanoparticles and Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells in an A549 Epithelial Cell Line Model.
A Controlled Human Infection Model of Group A Streptococcus Pharyngitis: Which Strain and Why?
Characterization of the clonal profile of methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolated from patients with early post-operative orthopedic implant based infections.
Eugenol and derivatives activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis, nontuberculous mycobacteria and other bacteria.
Tape mount immunostaining: a versatile method for immunofluorescence analysis of fungi.
Publisher Correction: Genomic insights into the 2016-2017 cholera epidemic in Yemen.
Development of a new High Resolution Melting (HRM) assay for identification and differentiation of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex samples.
Efficacy of T-2307, a novel arylamidine, against ocular complications of disseminated candidiasis in mice.
[F. G. Yanovsky, the Classic of National Medicine].
Donor-Related Nontuberculous Mycobacterial Interface Infection After Descemet Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty.
Molecular prevalence of Coxiella burnetii in milk in Iran: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Coxiella burnetii RpoS Regulates Genes Involved in Morphological Differentiation and Intracellular Growth.
Streptococcal toxic shock syndrome caused by beta-hemolytic streptococci: Clinical features and cytokine and chemokine analyses of 15 cases.
[Acute meningitis and encephalitis syndrome surveillance disease burden in four China prefectures].
Genetic evidence of Coxiella burnetii infection in acute febrile illnesses in Iran.
Single-Domain Antibodies or Nanobodies: A Class of Next-Generation Antibodies.
On top of biosynthetic gene clusters: How epigenetic machinery influences secondary metabolism in fungi.
Reproduction of contagious caprine pleuropneumonia reveals the ability of convalescent sera to reduce hydrogen peroxide production in vitro.
[Streptococcus agalactiae in non-pregnant adults. Analysis of 10 years in a University Hospital.]
The combined polymorphisms of interleukin-6-174GG genotype and interleukin-10 ATA haplotype are associated with a poor quality of life in patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Fecal microbiota transplantation before or after allogeneic hematopoietic transplantation in patients with hematologic malignancies carrying multidrug-resistance bacteria.
COSUTI: a protocol for the development of a core outcome set (COS) for interventions for the treatment of uncomplicated urinary tract infection (UTI) in adults.
Early-Onset Neonatal Meningitis Caused by an Unusual Pathogen-Moraxella catarrhalis.
eUTOPIA: solUTion for Omics data PreprocessIng and Analysis.
Fungal Planet description sheets: 785-867.
Increased Diagnostic Yield of Tuberculous Serositis by Using Serous Fluid Drainage Flocky Precipitate (SFDFP) as a Testing Sample.
Effects of nano-sizing on lipid bioaccessibility and ex vivo bioavailability from EPA-DHA rich oil in water nanoemulsion.
Noncanonical Inhibition of mTORC1 by Coxiella burnetii Promotes Replication within a Phagolysosome-Like Vacuole.
High level of treatment failure and drug resistance to first-line antiretroviral therapies among HIV-infected children receiving decentralized care in Senegal.
Delayed inhibition mechanism for secondary channel factor regulation of ribosomal RNA transcription.
A FASII Inhibitor Prevents Staphylococcal Evasion of Daptomycin by Inhibiting Phospholipid Decoy Production.
Comment on "repeated hot water and steam disinfection of pari LC Plus  nebulizers alter nebulizer output".
Differential expression of cytokines in PBMC of Bos indicus and Bos taurus x Bos indicus cattle due to Brucella abortus S19 antigen.
Breakpoint to MIC quotient: A parameter to rapidly evaluate the in vitro bactericidal activity of beta-lactams on Enterobacteriaceae.
Introducing the concept of the isonym into the International Code of Nomenclature of Prokaryotes.
Massive Diversity in Whole-Genome Sequences of Streptococcus suis Strains from Infected Pigs in Switzerland.
Bacterial Communities in the Alpaca Gastrointestinal Tract Vary With Diet and Body Site.
Comparison of pellicle and shake flask-grown BCG strains by quality control assays and protection studies.
Brucella canis induces canine CD4+ T cells multi-cytokine Th1/Th17 production via dendritic cell activation.
Spacer Acquisition Rates Determine the Immunological Diversity of the Type II CRISPR-Cas Immune Response.
Potent and Broad-Spectrum Antimicrobial Activity of Analogs from the Scorpion Peptide Stigmurin.
Performance evaluation of the betaLACTA  Test for rapid detection of ceftazidime resistance in Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolates from cystic fibrosis patients.
Pleural infection: a closer look at the etiopathogenesis, microbiology and role of antibiotics.
Antimicrobial Resistance Profile of Salmonella Isolates in Chicken Carcasses in Dakar, Senegal.
Transcriptomics of manually isolated Amborella trichopoda egg apparatus cells.
The antimicrobial potential of Streptomyces from insect microbiomes.
Primary Pleural Squamous Cell Carcinoma in a Free-Ranging River Otter (Lontra canadensis).
SELECTION OF THE ACTIVE PHAGES AGAINST B.FRAGILIS FOR FURTHER STUDY OF THRAPEUTIC PERPECTIVES.
European Registry on the management of Helicobacter pylori infection (Hp-EuReg): analysis of 2360 patients receiving first-line therapy in Russia.
Complete Genome Sequence of the Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Strain JMUB3031, Isolated from a Patient with Fatal Community-Acquired Pneumonia.
A homozygous missense variant in the alkaline phosphatase gene ALPL is associated with a severe form of canine hypophosphatasia.
Expression of the Pseudorabies Virus gB Glycoprotein Triggers NK Cell Cytotoxicity and Increases Binding of the Activating NK Cell Receptor PILRbeta.
A meta-analysis of outcomes of in situ reconstruction after total or partial removal of abdominal infected aortic graft.
Homologous role of CovRS two-component regulatory system in NAD+ -glycohydrolase activity in Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp. equisimilis as in Streptococcus pyogenes.
Dissecting Flavivirus Biology in Salivary Gland Cultures from Fed and Unfed Ixodes scapularis (Black-Legged Tick).
Erratum for Withey et al., "Conjugated Linoleic Acid Reduces Cholera Toxin Production In Vitro and In Vivo by Inhibiting Vibrio cholerae ToxT Activity".
Bacterial species associated with interdigital phlegmon outbreaks in Finnish dairy herds.
The Galleria mellonella Infection Model for Investigating the Molecular Mechanisms of Legionella Virulence.
Determination of In Vivo Interactomes of Dot/Icm Type IV Secretion System Effectors by Tandem Affinity Purification.
Megaphages infect Prevotella and variants are widespread in gut microbiomes.
Non-specific degradation of transcripts promotes plasmid clearance during type III-A CRISPR-Cas immunity.
Transcriptomics analysis of host liver and meta-transcriptome analysis of rumen epimural microbial community in young calves treated with artificial dosing of rumen content from adult donor cow.
RgsD negatively controls development, toxigenesis, stress response, and virulence in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Hydrogen-based metabolism as an ancestral trait in lineages sibling to the Cyanobacteria.
Staphylococcus pseudintermedius septicemia in puppies after elective cesarean section: confirmed transmission via dam \' s milk.
Anticancer effect of novel platinum nanocomposite beads on oral squamous cell carcinoma cells.
Neutrophil Activation and Early Features of NET Formation Are Associated With Dengue Virus Infection in Human.
Effects of Attenuated S. agalactiae Strain YM001 on Intestinal Microbiota of Tilapia Are Recoverable.
Antimicrobial Activity of Agarwood Oil against Multiple-Drug-Resistant (MDR) Microbes of Clinical, Food and Environmental Origin.
Pathogens in patients with granulomatous lobular mastitis.
Improving treatment outcomes for MDR-TB - Novel host-directed therapies and personalised medicine of the future.
DNA-based bioassay of legionella pneumonia pathogen using gold nanostructure: A new platform for diagnosis of legionellosis.
Cutibacterium acnes in primary reverse shoulder arthroplasty: from skin to deep layers.
Pertussis surveillance in a children hospital in Bangkok, Thailand.
Streptococcus pyogenes infections with limited emm-type diversity in the homeless population of Brussels, 2016-2018.
Biography-Stephanie Tucker.
Effect of nontypeable Haemophilus influenzae protein E (PE) as a microbial adjuvant on the amount of antibody against PRP of Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib) in BALB/c mice.
Identification and Spoilage Potential of the Remaining Dominant Microbiota on Food Contact Surfaces after Cleaning and Disinfection in Different Food Industries.
Genetic characterization of Mycoplasma pneumoniae isolated in Osaka between 2011 and 2017: Decreased detection rate of macrolide-resistance and increase of p1 gene type 2 lineage strains.
High Prevalence of Antimicrobial Resistance in Gram-Negative Bacteria Isolated from Clinical Settings in Egypt: Recalling for Judicious Use of Conventional Antimicrobials in Developing Nations.
The role of therapy with aminoglycoside in the outcomes of kidney transplant recipients infected with polymyxin- and carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae.
The Dynamic of a River Model Bacterial Community in Two Different Media Reveals a Divergent Succession and an Enhanced Growth of Most Strains Compared to Monocultures.
Close social relationships correlate with human gut microbiota composition.
Molecular characterization of NDM-1-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae ST29, ST347, ST1224, and ST2558 causing sepsis in neonates in a tertiary care hospital of North-East India.
Identification of six novel capsular polysaccharide loci (NCL) from Streptococcus suis multidrug resistant non-typeable strains and the pathogenic characteristic of strains carrying new NCLs.
Carbapenem-Resistant Acinetobacter baumannii Recovered from Swine Manure.
GPR31-dependent dendrite protrusion of intestinal CX3CR1+ cells by bacterial metabolites.
Extracellular Electron Transfer May Be an Overlooked Contribution to Pelagic Respiration in Humic-Rich Freshwater Lakes.
Mycobacterium avium paratuberculosis and Mycobacterium avium complex and related subspecies as causative agents of zoonotic and occupational diseases.
Prevalence and Antibiotic Resistance Patterns of Campylobacter spp. Isolated from Broiler Chickens in the North of Tunisia.
Growth Regulation in Amphibian Pathogenic Chytrid Fungi by the Quorum Sensing Metabolite Tryptophol.
Dissemination of CTX-M-Producing Escherichia coli in Freshwater Fishes From a French Watershed (Burgundy).
Redundant and Distinct Roles of Secreted Protein Eap and Cell Wall-Anchored Protein SasG in Biofilm Formation and Pathogenicity of Staphylococcus aureus.
Prevalence and distribution of adhesins and the expression of fibronectin-binding protein (FnbA and FnbB) among Staphylococcus aureus isolates from Shahrekord Hospitals.
Essential Basic Bacteriology in Managing Musculoarticuloskeletal Infection: Bacterial Anatomy, Their Behavior, Host Phagocytic Activity, Immune System, Nutrition, And Antibiotics.
The Effect of Psyllium Husk on Intestinal Microbiota in Constipated Patients and Healthy Controls.
Recent Advances and Current Trends in Nucleotide Second Messenger Signaling in Bacteria.
Neutrophil-mediated antifungal activity against highly virulent Cryptococcus gattii strain R265.
Inhibition of the Staphylococcus aureus c-di-AMP cyclase DacA by direct interaction with the phosphoglucosamine mutase GlmM.
CD300a expression is modulated in atopic dermatitis and could influence the inflammatory response.
Spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in patients with cirrhosis: incidence, outcomes, and treatment strategies.
Fighting Staphylococcus aureus Biofilms with Monoclonal Antibodies.
Antimicrobial resistance of Escherichia coli and Enterococcus spp. isolated from Estonian cattle and swine from 2010 to 2015.
Pulmonary effects of nanofibrillated celluloses in mice suggest that carboxylation lowers the inflammatory and acute phase responses.
Utilization of the ComRS system for the rapid markerless deletion of chromosomal genes in Streptococcus suis.
Acetate Kinase (AcK) is Essential for Microbial Growth and Betel-derived Compounds Potentially Target AcK, PhoP and MDR Proteins in M. tuberculosis, V. cholerae and Pathogenic E. coli: An in silico and in vitro Study.
Whole genome sequencing confirms source of pathogens associated with bacterial foodborne illness in pets fed raw pet food.
Streptococcus agalactiae from Ethiopian pregnant women; prevalence, associated factors and antimicrobial resistance: alarming for prophylaxis.
Rationalizing antimicrobial therapy in the ICU: a narrative review.
More than 18,000 effectors in the Legionella genus genome provide multiple, independent combinations for replication in human cells.
New serological platform for detecting antibodies against Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex in European badgers.
Chromoblastomycosis Caused by Phialophora verrucosa in a Costa Rican Child with Skin Sequelae due to Snake Bite.
Synthesis and evaluation of alpha-aminoacyl amides as antitubercular agents effective on drug resistant tuberculosis.
Multiple infections by EBV, HCMV and Helicobacter pylori are highly frequent in patients with chronic gastritis and gastric cancer from Southwest Mexico: An observational study.
The cell cycle regulator GpsB functions as cytosolic adaptor for multiple cell wall enzymes.
Answer to November 2018 Photo Quiz.
Photo Quiz: A 5-Year-Old Boy with an Unusual Arthritis of the Right Knee.
Disturbance in biosynthesis of arachidonic acid impairs the sexual development of the onion blight pathogen Stemphylium eturmiunum.
Relatively high rates of cefotaxime- and ceftriaxone-non-susceptible isolates among group B streptococci with reduced penicillin susceptibility (PRGBS) in Japan.
Harley william moon (1936-2018).
Emended description of Gardnerella vaginalis and description of Gardnerella leopoldii sp. nov., Gardnerella piotii sp. nov. and Gardnerella swidsinskii sp. nov., with delineation of 13 genomic species within the genus Gardnerella.
Modulatory effects of verapamil in rifampicin activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Q-T Interval Prolongation in Patients with Liver Cirrhosis.
A cross-sectional study on the prevalence of antibiotic use prior to laboratory tests at two Ghanaian hospitals.
A Hendecad Motif Is Preferred for Heterochiral Coiled-Coil Formation.
Identification and Quantification of (t)RNA Modifications in Pseudomonas aeruginosa by Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry.
Bacteriology and cytology of otic exudates in 41 cavalier King Charles spaniels with primary secretory otitis media.
A tentative new species Aphanomyces fennicus sp. nov. interferes with molecular diagnostic methods for crayfish plague.
Genome Sequences of Livestock-Associated Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureusspa Type t899 Strains Belonging to Three Different Sequence Types (ST398, ST9, and ST4034).
Molecular epidemiology of ESBL-producing E. coli and K. pneumoniae: establishing virulence clusters.
A novel integrative conjugative element mediates transfer of multi-drug resistance between Streptococcus suis strains of different serotypes.
Polymyxin Derivatives that Sensitize Gram-Negative Bacteria to Other Antibiotics.
High-throughput sequencing for the aetiologic identification of viral encephalitis, meningoencephalitis, and meningitis. A narrative review and clinical appraisal.
Bacteremia by Chryseobacterium oranimense, A Colistin-Resistant Gram-Negative Bacilli, in an Immunocompetent Pediatric Patient.
Evaluation of the FilmArray  Meningitis/Encephalitis panel with focus on bacteria and Cryptococcus spp.
Complete Genome Sequences of Five Acinetobacter baumannii Phages from Abidjan, Cote d \' Ivoire.
Selective BMP-9 Inhibition Partially Protects Against Experimental Pulmonary Hypertension.
Distribution and expression of esat-6 and cfp-10 in non-tuberculous mycobacteria isolated from lymph nodes of slaughtered cattle in Switzerland.
Superior Dispersal Ability Can Lead to Persistent Ecological Dominance throughout Succession.
Preventive Effect of Spontaneous Physical Activity on the Gut-Adipose Tissue in a Mouse Model That Mimics Crohn \' s Disease Susceptibility.
The Bacterial Chromatin Protein HupA Can Remodel DNA and Associates with the Nucleoid in Clostridium difficile.
Current approaches for detection of human T-lymphotropic virus Type 1: A systematic review.
Potential effect of selective pressure with different beta-lactam molecules on the emergence of reduced susceptibility to beta-lactams in group B Streptococci.
Occurrence of newly discovered human polyomaviruses in skin of liver transplant recipients and their relation with squamous cell carcinoma in situ and actinic keratosis - a single-center cohort study.
Comparison of Nasal Colonization of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus in HIV-Infected and Non-HIV Patients Attending the National Public Health Laboratory of Central Nepal.
Effects of pre-farrowing sow vaccination against Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae on offspring colonisation and lung lesions.
oipA "on" status of Helicobacter pylori is associated with gastric cancer in North-Eastern Brazil.
RNA Polymerase Clamp Movement Aids Dissociation from DNA but Is Not Required for RNA Release at Intrinsic Terminators.
Multi-step genomic dissection of a suspected intra-hospital Helicobacter cinaedi outbreak.
Bacteriophage-associated genes responsible for the widely divergent phenotypes of variants of Burkholderia pseudomallei strain MSHR5848.
Case Report: Bacillus pumilus-Caused Bacteremia in a Patient with Food Poisoning.
The impact of infectious disease in war time: a look back at WW1.
Determination of prevalence, serological diversity, and virulence of Dichelobacter nodosus in ovine footrot with identification of its predominant serotype as a potential vaccine candidate in J&amp;K, India.
Staphylococcus aureus: setting its sights on the human innate immune system.
The Salmonella Enteritidis TolC outer membrane channel is essential for egg white survival.
The path to group A Streptococcus vaccines: WHO research and development technology roadmap and preferred product characteristics.
Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum Exploits Staphylococcus aureus Virulence Components in a Novel Polymicrobial Defense Strategy.
Transmission routes of ESBL/pAmpC producing bacteria in the broiler production pyramid, a literature review.
Chlamydia trachomatis screening in urine among asymptomatic men attending an STI clinic in Paris: a cross-sectional study.
Clinical and microbiological characteristics of cystic fibrosis adults never colonized by Pseudomonas aeruginosa: Analysis of the French CF registry.
Thiamin transport in Helicobacter pylori lacking the de novo synthesis of thiamin.
The elemental mechanism of transcriptional pausing.
Prevalence of Opportunistic Pathogens Pneumocystis jiroveci and Tubercle Bacilli in HIV-Infected Patients with Respiratory Infections in Yaounde, Cameroon.
Enabling genetic analysis of diverse bacteria with Mobile-CRISPRi.
Immunization of young heifers with staphylococcal immune evasion proteins before natural exposure to Staphylococcus aureus induces a humoral immune response in serum and milk.
Healthcare-associated infections: bacteriological characterization of the hospital surfaces in the University Hospital of Abomey-Calavi/so-ava in South Benin (West Africa).
Toxigenic Clostridium difficile carriage in general practice: results of a laboratory-based cohort study.
Poultry as a vector for emerging multidrug resistant Enterococcus spp.: First report of vancomycin (van) and the chloramphenicol-florfenicol (cat-fex-cfr) resistance genes from pigeon and duck faeces.
High Prevalence of Plasmid-Mediated Quinolone Resistance Determinants Among Serotype K1 Hypervirulent Klebsiella pneumoniae Isolates in China.
International Committee on Systematics of Prokaryotes Subcommittee on the Taxonomy of Pasteurellaceae Minutes of the Meetings, 9 October 2018, Prato, Italy.
Epidemiology and Whole-Genome Analysis of NDM-1-Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae KP3771 from Tunisia.
Proteomic characterization and discrimination of Aeromonas species recovered from meat and water samples with a spotlight on the antimicrobial resistance of Aeromonas hydrophila.
Use of contrast-enhanced ultrasonography in the diagnosis of a liver lobe torsion in a rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus).
MDA-7/interleukin 24 (IL-24) in tumor gene therapy: application of tumor penetrating/homing peptides for improvement of the effects.
A Novel STK4 Mutation Presenting with Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis and Epidermodysplasia Verruciformis.
Molecular and epidemiological analysis of IMP-1 metallo-beta-lactamase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in a tertiary care hospital in Japan.
Nasal swab bacteriology by PCR during the first 24-months of life: A prospective birth cohort study.
Disseminated canine mold infections.
Microbiological Progress in Patients with Bronchial Infection with Pseudomonas aeruginosa Treated with Nebulised Colistin.
Comparison of analytical performances of the Roche Cobas 6800 CT/NG assay with the Abbott m2000 Real Time CT/NG assay for detecting Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
Different phenotypes of the same XIAP mutation in a family: A case of XIAP deficiency with juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Unequal burden of mortality from gastric cancer in Brazil and its regions, 2000-2015.
Genomic insights into the 2016-2017 cholera epidemic in Yemen.
Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium ATCC 14028S is tolerant to plant defenses triggered by the flagellin receptor FLS2.
Thermoplasmatales and sulfur-oxidizing bacteria dominate the microbial community at the surface water of a CO2-rich hydrothermal spring located in Tenorio Volcano National Park, Costa Rica.
Infective Endocarditis Due to Treponema pallidum: A Case Diagnosed Using Polymerase Chain Reaction Analysis of Aortic Valve.
OptSSeq explores enzyme expression and function landscapes to maximize isobutanol production rate.
Isolation and comparison of Arcanobacterium hippocoleae isolates from the genital tract of 15 mares.
In vivo efficacy of tobramycin-loaded synthetic calcium phosphate beads in a rabbit model of staphylococcal osteomyelitis.
Interleukin-10 promoter gene polymorphisms are associated with the first major depressive episode in chronic hepatitis C patients.
Loss of Gut Microbiota Alters Immune System Composition and Cripples Postinfarction Cardiac Repair.
The polymyxin derivative NAB739 is synergistic with several antibiotics against polymyxin-resistant strains of Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae and Acinetobacter baumannii.
Investigation of a Cluster of Sphingomonas koreensis Infections.
Genotypic differences between strains of the opportunistic pathogen Corynebacterium bovis isolated from humans, cows, and rodents.
Interactions between Bacteriophage, Bacteria, and the Mammalian Immune System.
Characterisation of a porcine Escherichia coli strain from Switzerland carrying mcr-1 on a conjugative multidrug resistance IncHI2 plasmid.
Complete nucleotide sequences of six blaCTX-M-1-encoding plasmids from Escherichia coli isolated from urinary tract and wound infections in dogs.
Freshwater carbon and nutrient cycles revealed through reconstructed population genomes.
The association of surface adhesin genes and the biofilm formation among Klebsiella oxytoca clinical isolates.
Segmental induction heating of orthopaedic metal implants.
Leukocyte-Derived Interleukin-10 Aggravates Postoperative Ileus.
Pertactin-deficient Bordetella pertussis isolates in Poland-a country with whole-cell pertussis primary vaccination.
Fungal infections in solid organ transplantation: An update on diagnosis and treatment.
The gut microbiota-derived metabolite trimethylamine N-oxide is elevated in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Draft genome sequences of KPC-2- and CTX-M-15-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae ST437 isolated from a clinical sample and urban rivers in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Composition of the intestinal microbiota in extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae carriers and non-carriers in Thailand.
Competition among Nasal Bacteria Suggests a Role for Siderophore-Mediated Interactions in Shaping the Human Nasal Microbiota.
Transcriptomic and fluxomic changes in Streptomyces lividans producing heterologous protein.
Detection of bacterial DNA from central venous catheter removed from patients by next generation sequencing: a preliminary clinical study.
Accurate prediction of anti-phagocytic activity of Vibrio vulnificus by measurement of bacterial adherence to hydrocarbonsPrediction of Anti-Phagocytic Activity.
The Legionella effector LtpM is a new type of phosphoinositide-activated glucosyltransferase.
The Mycoplasma pneumoniae HapE alters the cytokine profile and growth of human bronchial epithelial cells.
Pneumococcal serotype distribution and antibiotic susceptibility in Malaysia: A four-year study (2014-2017) on invasive paediatric isolates.
Protective effects of voltage-gated calcium channel antagonists against zinc toxicity in SN56 neuroblastoma cholinergic cells.
Limited efficacy of nontreponemal test combined with treponemal test in the initial syphilis screening algorithm.
Effects of 2 preparation methods and long-term storage on structural integrity and bacterial loads of equine amnion.
An increase in intracellular p62/NBR1 and persistence of Burkholderia mallei and B. pseudomallei in infected mice linked to autophagy deficiency.
An Azole-Resistant Candida parapsilosis Outbreak: Clonal Persistence in the Intensive Care Unit of a Brazilian Teaching Hospital.
Human kidney on a chip assessment of polymyxin antibiotic nephrotoxicity.
Association of PD-1 gene with outcome of hepatitis C virus infection.
Modulation of ERK1/2 and Akt Pathways Involved in the Neurotrophic Action of Caffeic Acid Alkyl Esters.
Enterobacteria vaginal colonization among patients with preterm premature rupture of membranes from 24 to 34 weeks of gestation and neonatal infection risk.
Molecular characterization of virulence and antibiotic resistance genes among Salmonella serovars isolated from broilers in Egypt.
Trichophyton benhamiae and T. mentagrophytes target guinea pigs in a mixed small animal stock.
Does preoperative bacterial culture have bearing on healing of mastoid cavity: A prospective study.
Transcriptional Landscape of a bla KPC-2 Plasmid and Response to Imipenem Exposure in Escherichia coli TOP10.
Public Health Bacteriology of Commercially Composted Domestic Food and Garden Waste by the 11 Councils in Northern Ireland - Persistence Of Clostridium perfringens and Implications for Local Food Safety.
Two cases of pneumococcal spondylitis in the same household: a case report.
Association between excreta management and incidence of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: role of healthcare workers \'  knowledge and practices.
Spontaneous bacterial peritonitis recurrence in patients with cirrhosis receiving secondary prophylaxis with norfloxacin.
Valid publication of the names Caecibacterium and Caecibacterium sporoformans.
Active neuroborreliosis or inflammation: are the diagnostic guidelines at stake?
CHAC1 Is Differentially Expressed in Normal and Cystic Fibrosis Bronchial Epithelial Cells and Regulates the Inflammatory Response Induced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
A multicenter-based study on epidemiology, antibiotic susceptibility and risk factors of toxigenic Clostridium difficile in hospitalized patients in southwestern Iran.
Improving Antimicrobial Prescribing: A Multinomial Model Identifying Factors Associated With First- and Second-Line Prescribing.
Oceanobacillus timonensis sp. nov. and Oceanobacillus senegalensis sp. nov., two new moderately halophilic, Gram-stain positive bacteria isolated from stools sample of healthy young Senegalese.
Frequency of superantigen encoding genes of Staphylococcus aureus isolates collected from multiple sclerosis (MS) patients and nasal carriers.
Draft genome sequence of an Escherichia coli ST410 isolate co-harbouring blaCTX-M-15, blaCMY-42, blaOXA-1, aac(3)-IIa and aac(6 \' )-Ib-cr genes with gyrA and parC mutations isolated from a paediatric patient in Poland.
Improving the quality and workflow of bacterial genome sequencing and analysis: paving the way for a Switzerland-wide molecular epidemiological surveillance platform.
A community outbreak of Legionnaires \'  disease in Geneva, Switzerland, June to September 2017.
A Combination of Linalool, Vitamin C, and Copper Synergistically Triggers Reactive Oxygen Species and DNA Damage and Inhibits Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Serovar Typhi and Vibrio fluvialis.
Production and characterization of recombinant P1 adhesin essential for adhesion, gliding, and antigenic variation in the human pathogenic bacterium, Mycoplasma pneumoniae.
The Zebrafish as a Model Host for Invasive Fungal Infections.
Induction of protective immunity by recombinant peptidoglycan associated lipoprotein (rPAL) protein of Legionella pneumophila in a BALB/c mouse model.
Age-related distribution and dynamics of T-cells in blood and lymphoid tissues of goats.
Serological and PCR-based markers of ocular Chlamydia trachomatis transmission in northern Ghana after elimination of trachoma as a public health problem.
Molecular diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection in gastric biopsies: Evaluation of the Amplidiag  H. pylori + ClariR assay.
Bacteremia and meningitis caused by a novel clone of Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B.
Azetidine-Containing Alkaloids Produced by a Quorum-Sensing Regulated Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase Pathway in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Characterization of Mycobacterium tuberculosis strains in Beijing, China: drug susceptibility phenotypes and Beijing genotype family transmission.
The bacteriology in adult patients with pneumonia and parapneumonic effusions: increased yield with DNA sequencing method.
Biochemical Characterization of Aspergillus fumigatus AroH, a Putative Aromatic Amino Acid Aminotransferase.
Corrigendum to "Prophage phiv142-3 enhances the colonization and resistance to environmental stresses of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli" [Vet. Microbiol. 218 (2018) 70-77].
Dissemination and genetic analysis of the stealthy vanB gene clusters of Enterococcus faecium clinical isolates in Japan.
Special Issue: Treatments for Fungal Infections.
Septins Recognize and Entrap Dividing Bacterial Cells for Delivery to Lysosomes.
A Full MALDI-Based Approach to Detect Plasmid-Encoded KPC-Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Can we predict keystones?
Evaluation of the Amplidiag CarbaR+MCR Kit for Accurate Detection of Carbapenemase-Producing and Colistin-Resistant Bacteria.
A heterodimeric glutathione S-transferase that stereospecifically breaks lignin \' s beta(R)-aryl ether bond reveals the diversity of bacterial beta-etherases.
A point-of-care diagnostic for differentiating Ebola from endemic febrile diseases.
The Phylogenomic Diversity of Herbivore-Associated Fibrobacter spp. Is Correlated to Lignocellulose-Degrading Potential.
Advancing MALDI-TOF MS applications in anaerobic bacteriology.
Screening of Streptococcus Suis serotype 2 resistance genes with GWAS and transcriptomic microarray analysis.
Salmonella persisters undermine host immune defenses during antibiotic treatment.
In vivo role of capsular polysaccharide in Mycoplasma mycoides.
Antimicrobial resistance, plasmid, virulence, multilocus sequence typing and pulsed-field gel electrophoresis profiles of Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium clinical and environmental isolates from India.
Snow angels - the microbiology of freshly fallen snow: implications for immunocompromised patients.
THE CHANGING TREND OF MORTALITY CAUSED BY GASTROINTESTINAL CANCERS IN IRAN DURING THE YEARS 2006-2010.
The Meningococcal Cysteine Transport System Plays a Crucial Role in Neisseria meningitidis Survival in Human Brain Microvascular Endothelial Cells.
Frequency and Pattern of IgE-mediated Sensitization to Aero and Food Allergens in Ahvaz, Province of Khuzestan in Southwestern Iran.
Empyema: A debilitating condition that warrants further research.
The role of roughage provision on the absorption and disposition of the mycotoxin deoxynivalenol and its acetylated derivatives in calves: from field observations to toxicokinetics.
[Incidence of group B streptococcal early-onset sepsis in infants born at Centro Hospitalario Pereira Rossell between 2007-2015].
Draft Genome Sequence of Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Serotype Typhimurium Sequence Type 313, Isolated from India.
Genome Sequence of the Extremely Acidophilic Fungus Acidomyces richmondensis FRIK2901.
Draft Genome Sequences of Five Methicillin-Sensitive Staphylococcus aureus Isolates from Skin Lesions in Patients with Atopic Dermatitis in the Russian Federation.
The plasmid-encoded transcription factor ArdK contributes to the repression of the IMP-6 metallo-beta-lactamase gene blaIMP-6, leading to a carbapenem-susceptible phenotype in the blaIMP-6-positive Escherichia coli strain A56-1S.
Fungal secondary metabolism: regulation, function and drug discovery.
Antimycobacterial activity of nonantibiotics associated with the polypharmacy of cystic fibrosis (CF) against mycobacterium abscessus.
Mycobacterium "habana" TMC 5135 as a vaccine candidate against tuberculosis: In vitro studies.
Meta-narrative review of molecular methods for diagnosis and monitoring of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis treatment in adults.
Spreading Patterns of NDM-Producing Enterobacteriaceae in Clinical and Environmental Settings in Yangon, Myanmar.
Pathological and molecular investigation of porcine sapelovirus infection in naturally affected Indian pigs.
Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis outbreak in South Africa - Authors \'  reply.
Long-term colonisation with donor bacteriophages following successful faecal microbial transplantation.
Staphylococcus aureus from ocular and otolaryngology infections are frequently resistant to clinically important antibiotics and are associated with lineages of community and hospital origins.
Dietary Prevention of Colitis by Aronia Berry is Mediated Through Increased Th17 and Treg.
Complement Factor H and Apolipoprotein E Participate in Regulation of Inflammation in THP-1 Macrophages.
HDAC6 Restricts Influenza A Virus by Deacetylation of the RNA Polymerase PA Subunit.
Characterization of a multidrug-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae ST607-K25 clone responsible for a nosocomial outbreak in a neonatal intensive care unit.
Nasal septal abscess: a 10-year retrospective study.
The microbiome and chronic rhinosinusitis.
Metatranscriptomic and Thermodynamic Insights into Medium-Chain Fatty Acid Production Using an Anaerobic Microbiome.
Recent approaches for control of E. coli and respiratory complex in Middle East.
Dynamics of Cas10 Govern Discrimination between Self and Non-self in Type III CRISPR-Cas Immunity.
Type III-A CRISPR-Cas Csm Complexes: Assembly, Periodic RNA Cleavage, DNase Activity Regulation, and Autoimmunity.
Melarsomine hydrochloride (Cymelarsan ) fails to cure horses with Trypanosoma equiperdum OVI parasites in their cerebrospinal fluid.
Successful treatment of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis caused by Aspergillus felis, a cryptic species within the Aspergillus section Fumigati: A case report.
Evaluation of two WHO First International Standards for Vi polysaccharide from Citrobacter freundii and Salmonella enterica subspecies enterica serovar Typhi.
Isolation and molecular detection of Ehrlichia species from ticks in western, central, and eastern Japan.
Improved Biosafety and Biosecurity Measures and/or Strategies to Tackle Laboratory-Acquired Infections and Related Risks.
Evaluation of the ability of linezolid and tedizolid to eradicate intraosteoblastic and biofilm-embedded Staphylococcus aureus in the bone and joint infection setting.
Brucella canis infection in a young dog with epididymitis and orchitis.
Oncolytic adenovirus: A tool for cancer therapy in combination with other therapeutic approaches.
Diarrheagenic Escherichia coli Associated with Acute Gastroenteritis in Children from Soriano, Uruguay.
Antimicrobial resistance prediction and phylogenetic analysis of Neisseria gonorrhoeae isolates using the Oxford Nanopore MinION sequencer.
Regulated proteolysis of p62/SQSTM1 enables differential control of autophagy and nutrient sensing.
New insights into the adaptive transcriptional response to nitrogen starvation in Escherichia coli.
A novel derivative of the fungal antimicrobial peptide plectasin is active against Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Autophagy-Virus Interplay: From Cell Biology to Human Disease.
Gonorrhea and syphilis co-infection and related risk factors in HIV patients from Shiraz, South of Iran.
Establishment, Validation, and Application of a New World Primate Model of Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli Disease for Vaccine Development.
Staphylococcus aureus toxin LukSF dissociates from its membrane receptor target to enable renewed ligand sequestration.
Heavy metal resistance in bacteria from animals.
Disease progression in mice exposed to low-doses of aerosolized clinical isolates of Burkholderia pseudomallei.
Emergence of Enterobacteriaceae co-producing CTX-M-15, ArmA and PMQR in Poland.
Author Correction: Host-associated niche metabolism controls enteric infection through fine-tuning the regulation of type 3 secretion.
Building Walls: Work That Never Ends.
Expansion of the multidrug-resistant clonal complex 320 among invasive Streptococcus pneumoniae serotype 19A after the introduction of a ten-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in Brazil.
[Enrico Bottini (1835-1903), Italian Physician and Politician: A Master of Antisepsis and a Pioneer of Modern Surgery].
Risk factors for carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae infections: a French case-control-control study.
The first molecular detection of Clostridium perfringens from pneumonic cases associated with foot and mouth disease in cattle and buffalo in Egypt.
Building a local community of practice in scientific programming for life scientists.
Cytarabine and Ferric Carboxymaltose (Fe+3) Increase Oxidative Damage and Alter Serotonergic Metabolism in Brain.
Gas gangrene in the deep spaces of the head and neck visualized on computed tomography images.
A case report of human tularemia from Iran.
The Immunogenetic Conundrum of Preeclampsia.
Multidrug-resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae isolate, belonging to the internationally spreading Japanese FC428 clone, with ceftriaxone resistance and intermediate resistance to azithromycin, Ireland, August 2018.
Prevalence of O-serogroups, virulence genes, and F18 antigenic variants in Escherichia coli isolated from weaned piglets with diarrhea in Korea during 2008-2016.
Detection and Molecular Characterization of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Isolated from Bulk Tank Milk of Cows, Sheep, and Goats.
Establishment of a Sentinel Laboratory-Based Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Network in Ethiopia.
Multidrug-Resistant Salmonella enterica Isolated from Food Animal and Foodstuff May Also Be Less Susceptible to Heavy Metals.
Emergence and spread of resistant N. meningitidis implicated in invasive meningococcal diseases during the past decade (2008-2017).
Mouse LIMR3/CD300f is a negative regulator of the antimicrobial activity of neutrophils.
Investigation of the phosphorylation of Bacillus subtilis LTA synthases by the serine/threonine kinase PrkC.
Prediction of the intestinal resistome by a three-dimensional structure-based method.
DksA Controls the Response of the Lyme Disease Spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi to Starvation.
Microbial Consortium Design Benefits from Metabolic Modeling.
Occurrence of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in Togo, West Africa.
A Novel Positive Regulator of the Early Stages of Root Nodule Symbiosis Identified by Phosphoproteomics.
Second line molecular diagnosis for bovine tuberculosis to improve diagnostic schemes.
ADVERSE EVENTS OF THE ARGUS II RETINAL PROSTHESIS: Incidence, Causes, and Best Practices for Managing and Preventing Conjunctival Erosion.
Detection of Tilapia Lake Virus Using Conventional RT-PCR and SYBR Green RT-qPCR.
The prevalence of bacteriospermia in infertile men and association with semen quality in Southwestern Iran.
Role of wild birds and environmental contamination in the epidemiology of Salmonella infection in an outdoor pig farm.
Ultraviolet B radiation modifies circadian time in epidermal skin and in subcutaneous adipose tissue.
A case of leech-associated infection involving an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing and extensively drug-resistant Aeromonas hydrophila.
The Preprotein Binding Domain of SecA Displays Intrinsic Rotational Dynamics.
Occurrence of Cronobacter Spp. in Ready-to-Eat Vegetable Products, Frozen Vegetables, and Sprouts Examined Using Cultivation and Real-Time PCR Methods.
High prevalence of vancomycin and high-level gentamicin resistance in Enterococcus faecalis isolates.
Enhanced Biofilm Formation and Membrane Vesicle Release by Escherichia coli Expressing a Commonly Occurring Plasmid Gene, kil.
Gut microbiota dynamics and uraemic toxins: one size does not fit all.
Molecular Factors of Hypochlorite Tolerance in the Hypersaline Archaeon Haloferax volcanii.
Narrative review of methods and findings of recent studies on the carriage of meningococci and other Neisseria species in the African Meningitis Belt.
Buruli Ulcer: a Review of the Current Knowledge.
Genomic Characterization of Extended-Spectrum Cephalosporin-Resistant Salmonella enterica in the Colombian Poultry Chain.
Similar Gastro-Intestinal Exposure to Florfenicol After Oral or Intramuscular Administration in Pigs, Leading to Resistance Selection in Commensal Escherichia coli.
The Mechanism behind Bacterial Lipoprotein Release: Phenol-Soluble Modulins Mediate Toll-Like Receptor 2 Activation via Extracellular Vesicle Release from Staphylococcus aureus.
Antimicrobial prescribing and infections in long-term care facilities (LTCF): a multilevel analysis of the HALT 2016 study, Ireland, 2017.
Resource-Effective Serosurveillance for the Detection of West Nile Virus in Switzerland Using Abattoir Samples of Free-Range Laying Hens.
SrcA is a chaperone for the Salmonella SPI-2 type three secretion system effector SteD.
Fructose-1,6-bisphosphate aldolase encoded by a core gene of Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae contributes to host cell adhesion.
Evaluation of Senegal \' s prevention of mother to child transmission of HIV (PMTCT) program data for HIV surveillance.
Comparative Analyses of Cytochrome P450s and Those Associated with Secondary Metabolism in Bacillus Species.
First Detection of Chlamydia trachomatis  \' Swedish \'  Variant (nvCT) in a Russian Couple with Infertility.
Induction of Mucosal Humoral Immunity by Subcutaneous Injection of an Oil-emulsion Vaccine against Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Enteritidis in Chickens.
Staphylococcus Aureus and Polymicrobial Skin and Soft Tissue Infections.
Enhanced protection conferred by mucosal BCG vaccination associates with presence of antigen-specific lung tissue-resident PD-1+ KLRG1- CD4+ T cells.
Evaluation of in vitro susceptibility of Gram-positive pathogens from a tertiary care hospital in Singapore to a novel oxazolidinone, tedizolid, by a gradient diffusion method and broth microdilution.
Towards a Monoclonal Antibody-Based Therapy for Prevention and Treatment of Staphylococcus aureus Infections.
Identification of hypocrealean reptile pathogenic isolates with MALDI-TOF MS.
Carbapenemase-producing Acinetobacter spp. from environmental sources in a hospital in French Polynesia.
If You \' d Like to Stop a Type III CRISPR Ribonuclease, Then You Should Put a Ring (Nuclease) on It.
Impact of asymptomatic genital tract infections on in vitro Fertilization (IVF) outcome.
Deciphering the molecular basis of mycobacteria and lipoglycan recognition by the C-type lectin Dectin-2.
Controlling aflatoxin contamination and propagation of Aspergillus flavus by a soy-fermenting Aspergillus oryzae strain.
Rapid detection of colistin resistance in Acinetobacter baumannii using MALDI-TOF-based lipidomics on intact bacteria.
Soy-Induced Fecal Metabolome Changes in Ovariectomized and Intact Female Rats: Relationship with Cardiometabolic Health.
Distribution of virulence genes and their association with antimicrobial resistance among uropathogenic Escherichia coli isolates from Iranian patients.
In vitro characteristics of an airway barrier-disrupting factor secreted by Staphylococcus aureus.
Evaluation of EDTA- and DPA-Based Microdilution Phenotypic Tests for the Detection of MCR-Mediated Colistin Resistance in Enterobacteriaceae.
Role of SCFAs for Fimbrillin-Dependent Biofilm Formation of Actinomyces oris.
Serum from Asthmatic Mice Potentiates the Therapeutic Effects of Mesenchymal Stromal Cells in Experimental Allergic Asthma.
Limited added value of fungal ITS amplicon sequencing in the study of bovine abortion.
Whole Genome Sequencing for Determining the Source of Mycobacterium bovis Infections in Livestock Herds and Wildlife in New Zealand.
Devriesea agamarum associated cheilitis in a North African spiny-tailed lizard (Uromastyx acanthinura) in Spain.
Evolution of asexual and sexual reproduction in the aspergilli.
Human Borreliosis Caused by a New World Relapsing Fever Borrelia-like Organism in the Old World.
Higher Prevalence of PldA, a Pseudomonas aeruginosa Trans-Kingdom H2-Type VI Secretion System Effector, in Clinical Isolates Responsible for Acute Infections and in Multidrug Resistant Strains.
Monitoring of Fluconazole and Caspofungin Activity against In Vivo Candida glabrata Biofilms by Bioluminescence Imaging.
Nitrogen Starvation Induces Persister Cell Formation in Escherichia coli.
NAT/NCS2-hound: a webserver for the detection and evolutionary classification of prokaryotic and eukaryotic nucleobase-cation symporters of the NAT/NCS2 family.
Long-term impact of oral vancomycin, ciprofloxacin and metronidazole on the gut microbiota in healthy humans.
The Value of Histology in the Diagnosis of Tuberculous Spondylodiscitis.
Efficacy of beta-D-mannuronic acid [M2000] on pro-apoptotic process and inflammatory related molecules NFkB, IL-8 and Cd49d using healthy donor PBMC.
Butyrate Producers as Potential Next-Generation Probiotics: Safety Assessment of the Administration of Butyricicoccus pullicaecorum to Healthy Volunteers.
Population-level transition of capsular polysaccharide types among sequence type 1 group B Streptococcus isolates with reduced penicillin susceptibility during a long-term hospital epidemic.
Shigella effector IpaH4.5 targets 19S regulatory particle subunit RPN13 in the 26S proteasome to dampen cytotoxic T lymphocyte activation.
Bait uptake by wild badgers and its implications for oral vaccination against tuberculosis.
Identification of AGI1-A, a variant of Acinetobacter genomic island 1 (AGI1), in a French clinical isolate belonging to the Enterobacter cloacae complex.
Importance of flagella in acute and chronic Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections.
First-time serological and molecular detection of Helicobacter pylori in milk from Algerian local-breed cows.
Impact of one versus two doses of mesenchymal stromal cells on lung and cardiovascular repair in experimental emphysema.
Complete genome sequencing of three human clinical isolates of Staphylococcus caprae reveals virulence factors similar to those of S. epidermidis and S. capitis.
Dampness and mold hypersensitivity syndrome and vaccination as risk factors for chronic fatigue syndrome.
Isolation and characterization of a broad-spectrum phage of multiple drug resistant Salmonella and its therapeutic utility in mice.
Viral Acute Respiratory Illnesses in Young Infants Increase the Risk of Respiratory Readmission.
Zinc ameliorates intestinal barrier dysfunctions in shigellosis by reinstating claudin-2 and -4 on the membranes.
Prevalence and quantification of contamination of knitted cotton outer gloves during hip and knee arthroplasty surgery.
Characterization of Staphylococcal Cassette Chromosome mec Elements from Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus pseudintermedius Infections in Australian Animals.
The highly conserved domain of RND multidrug efflux pumps in pathogenic Gram-negative bacteria.
Gut Microbial and Metabolic Responses to Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhimurium and Candida albicans.
Leishmania Genome Dynamics during Environmental Adaptation Reveal Strain-Specific Differences in Gene Copy Number Variation, Karyotype Instability, and Telomeric Amplification.
Investigation of group A Streptococcus immune responses in an endemic setting, with a particular focus on J8.
Urogenital pathogens, associated with Trichomonas vaginalis, among pregnant women in Kilifi, Kenya: a nested case-control study.
Interactions between Roseburia intestinalis and diet modulate atherogenesis in a murine model.
Development and validation of a multiplex polymerase chain reaction assay for detection of the five families of plasmid-encoded colistin resistance.
New evidence for domesticated animals as reservoirs of Chlamydia-associated community-acquired pneumonia.
Captive wildlife from India as carriers of Shiga toxin-producing, Enteropathogenic and Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli.
Prospective evaluation of a screening algorithm for carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae.
Incidence of antiviral drug resistance markers among human influenza A viruses in the Eastern Mediterranean Region, 2005-2016.
Predominance of a macrolide-lincosamide-resistant Brachyspira hyodysenteriae of sequence type 196 in Swiss pig herds.
Validation of a new experimental model for assessing drug efficacy against infection with Trypanosoma equiperdum in horses.
Achromobacter xylosoxidans/denitrificans bacteremia and subsequent fatal Escherichia coli/Streptococcus anginosus pleural empyema.
Compliance with infection control practices when taking dental x-rays: Survey of a Japanese dental school.
A global analysis of gene expression in Fibrobacter succinogenes S85 grown on cellulose and soluble sugars at different growth rates.
Differences in Ocular Complications Between Candida albicans and Non-albicans Candida Infection Analyzed by Epidemiology and a Mouse Ocular Candidiasis Model.
Inhalable poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) microparticles encapsulating all-trans-Retinoic acid (ATRA) as a host-directed, adjunctive treatment for Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection.
Recurrent bacteremia: A 10-year retrospective study in combat-related burn casualties.
Genetic Diversity Among Candida albicans Isolated from Humans and Cattle with Respiratory Distress in Egypt.
A global genomic approach uncovers novel components for twitching motility-mediated biofilm expansion in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Detection of Uncommon Enteric Bacterial Pathogens from Acute Diarrheal Specimens Using SYBR-Green Real Time PCR.
Therapy of Non-Dermatophytic Mycoses in Animals.
A novel bi-functional chalcone inhibits multi-drug resistant Staphylococcus aureus and potentiates the activity of fluoroquinolones.
Case of the month: What \' s your diagnosis?
Antimicrobial susceptibility patterns of blood culture isolates from foals in Switzerland.
Seroprevalence of vector-borne pathogens in dogs from Croatia.
How Bioinformatic Tools Guide Experiments To Resolve the Chaos of Apparently Unlimited Metabolic Variation.
Novel neural network application for bacterial colony classification.
Autophagy counteracts instantaneous cell death during seasonal senescence of the fine roots and leaves in Populus trichocarpa.
Distinct growth responses to drought for oak and beech in temperate mixed forests.
Tape-stripping alters the microbe-host correlations in mouse skin.
Biochemical characterization of mt-PemIK, a novel toxin-antitoxin system in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Cleaning of inpatient nebulizer devices in cystic fibrosis patients: the urgent need for universal guidelines.
Successful surgical excision of cerebral abscess caused by Fonsecaea monophora in an immunocompetent patient and review of literature.
Diet Influences Early Microbiota Development in Dairy Calves without Long-Term Impacts on Milk Production.
The Citrobacter rodentium type III secretion system effector EspO affects mucosal damage repair and antimicrobial responses.
Comparative Genomics of the First and Complete Genome of "Actinobacillus porcitonsillarum" Supports the Novel Species Hypothesis.
Characterization of the velvet regulators in Aspergillus flavus.
Late recurrence of an osteoarticular infection caused by Klebsiella pneumoniae in a child.
Significance of a histone-like protein with its native structure for the diagnosis of asymptomatic tuberculosis.
A SNP-based phylogenetic analysis of Corynebacterium diphtheriae in Malaysia.
Microbial Transplantation With Human Gut Commensals Containing CutC Is Sufficient to Transmit Enhanced Platelet Reactivity and Thrombosis Potential.
Genetic relatedness of the Escherichia coli fecal population and strains causing urinary tract infection in the same host.
Overview of a Disease Outbreak and Introduction of a Step-by-Step Protocol for the Eradication of Mycobacterium haemophilum in a Zebrafish System.
A Cohort Study of the Milk Microbiota of Healthy and Inflamed Bovine Mammary Glands From Dryoff Through 150 Days in Milk.
Breaching the wall.
Molecular Typing and Macrolide Resistance Analyses of Treponema pallidum in Heterosexuals and Men Who Have Sex with Men in Japan, 2017.
Correction for Gomez-Sanz et al., "First Staphylococcal Cassette Chromosome mec Containing a mecB-Carrying Gene Complex Independent of Transposon Tn6045 in a Macrococcus caseolyticus Isolate from a Canine Infection".
Isolation and Characterization of the Novel Botulinum Neurotoxin A Subtype 6.
Bovine Fetal Placenta During Pregnancy and the Postpartum Period.
Stability of Ferrihydrite-Humic Acid Coprecipitates under Iron-Reducing Conditions.
Microorganisms associated with respiratory syncytial virus pneumonia in the adult population.
Lipoteichoic acid anchor triggers Mincle to drive protective immunity against invasive group A Streptococcus infection.
A novel antigen of Mycobacterium tuberculosis and MPLA adjuvant co-entrapped into PLGA:DDA hybrid nanoparticles stimulates mucosal and systemic immunity.
A Bifidobacterial pilus-associated protein promotes colonic epithelial proliferation.
Reclassification of Eubacterium hallii as Anaerobutyricum hallii gen. nov., comb. nov., and description of Anaerobutyricum soehngenii sp. nov., a butyrate and propionate-producing bacterium from infant faeces.
A Novel TTC7A Deficiency Presenting With Combined Immunodeficiency and Chronic Gastrointestinal Problems.
An atypical presentation of an acute gastric Helicobacter felis infection.
A genomic infection control study for Staphylococcus aureus in two Ghanaian hospitals.
Cryo-EM structure of the bacteria-killing type IV secretion system core complex from Xanthomonas citri.
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis Exploits CD209 Receptors for Promoting Host Dissemination and Infection.
Ultra-fast, sensitive and quantitative on-chip detection of group B streptococci in clinical samples.
Environment-driven changes of mRNA and protein levels in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Molecular epidemiology and antimicrobial resistance mechanisms of Campylobacter coli from diarrhoeal patients and broiler carcasses in Belgium.
Insights into the processes that drive the evolution of drug resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
The association of puerperal sepsis with HIV infection at two tertiary hospitals in Zimbabwe.
Outbreak of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in South Africa undetected by WHO-endorsed commercial tests: an observational study.
Clindamycin suppresses virulence expression in inducible clindamycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strains.
Trichomonas vaginalis and HIV infection acquisition: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effectiveness of antibacterial prophylaxis in children with acute leukemia: A report from a single institution over a 20-year period.
First report of a blaNDM-5-harbouring Escherichia coli ST167 isolated from a wound infection in a dog in Switzerland.
Adenoviral Gizzard Erosions in Two Belgian Broiler Farms.
In silico proteomic and phylogenetic analysis of the outer membrane protein repertoire of gastric Helicobacter species.
Endograft Infection Due to Secondary Aortoenteric Fistula Treated With Custom-Made Bovine In Situ Aortic Bifurcation Graft.
Development and application of a Bacillus anthracis protective antigen domain-1 in-house ELISA for the detection of anti-protective antigen antibodies in cattle in Zambia.
Letters from Libman: Dispatches from an American Abroad.
Prosthetic Valve Endocarditis Caused by ST8 SCCmecIVl Type Community-associated Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Probiotic supplementation restores normal microbiota composition and function in antibiotic-treated and in caesarean-born infants.
Genotyping of Riemerella anatipestifer by ERIC-PCR and correlation with serotypes.
Multilocus Sequence Typing of Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum in Cuba From 2012 to 2017.
Phosphate and carbohydrate facilitate the formation of filamentous Salmonella enterica during osmotic stress.
Genetic diversity and persistent colonization of Enterococcus faecalis on ocular surfaces.
Acquisition of Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamase GES-6 Leading to Resistance to Ceftolozane-Tazobactam Combination in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Comparison of the Superpolymyxin and ChromID Colistin R Screening Media for the Detection of Colistin-Resistant Enterobacteriaceae from Spiked Rectal Swabs.
Inactivation of the Monofunctional Peptidoglycan Glycosyltransferase SgtB Allows Staphylococcus aureus To Survive in the Absence of Lipoteichoic Acid.
Characterization of compensatory mutations associated with restoration of daptomycin-susceptibility in daptomycin non-susceptible methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and the role mprF mutations.
Properdin binds independent of complement activation in an in vivo model of anti-glomerular basement membrane disease.
Characterization of Escherichia coli causing cellulitis in broilers.
Integrated culturing, modeling and transcriptomics uncovers complex interactions and emergent behavior in a three-species synthetic gut community.
Addressing Global Ruminant Agricultural Challenges Through Understanding the Rumen Microbiome: Past, Present, and Future.
Probiotics importance and their immunomodulatory properties.
Understanding the Milk Microbiota.
Fluorescent Proteins, Promoters, and Selectable Markers for Applications in the Lyme Disease Spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.
acI Actinobacteria Assemble a Functional Actinorhodopsin with Natively Synthesized Retinal.
Argasid and ixodid systematics: Implications for soft tick evolution and systematics, with a new argasid species list.
A surveillance system for lymphatic filariasis after its elimination in Sri Lanka.
Antimycobacterial potentials of quercetin and rutin against Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv.
Pathogen elimination by probiotic Bacillus via signalling interference.
Host-associated niche metabolism controls enteric infection through fine-tuning the regulation of type 3 secretion.
ELISA using a recombinant chimera of ESAT-6/MPB70/MPB83 for Mycobacterium bovis diagnosis in naturally infected cattle.
Phenotypic and genotypic characterization of macrolide, lincosamide and streptogramin B resistance among clinical isolates of staphylococci in southwest of Iran.
The Various Roles of Fatty Acids.
Field evaluation of SD BIOLINE HIV/Syphilis Duo assay among pregnant women attending routine antenatal care in Juba, South Sudan.
Intraspecific variation in lizard heat tolerance alters estimates of climate impact.
Introduction to Kampo medicine for dental treatment - Oral pharmacotherapy that utilizes the advantages of Western and Kampo medicines.
In vitro Evidence of Improved Antimicrobial Efficacy of Silver and Triclosan Containing Vascular Grafts Compared with Rifampicin Soaked Grafts.
Update on sinus disease in children with cystic fibrosis: advances in treatment modalities, microbiology, and health-related quality-of-life instruments.
Streptomyces protein secretion and its application in biotechnology.
Invasive pulmonary aspergillosis complicating severe influenza: epidemiology, diagnosis and treatment.
Breaking the Vicious Cycle of Antibiotic Killing and Regrowth of Biofilm-Residing Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Human TANK-binding kinase 1 is required for early autophagy induction upon herpes simplex virus 1 infection.
Diversity of aminoglycoside modifying enzymes and 16S rRNA methylases in Acinetobacter baumannii and Acinetobacter nosocomialis species in Iran; wide distribution of aadA1 and armA.
Short communication: Effect of refrigerated storage on the pH and bacterial content of pasteurized human donor milk.
Characterization of virulence factors, antimicrobial resistance patterns and biofilm formation of Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus spp. strains isolated from corneal infection.
A Knockout IFNL4 Variant Is Associated With Protection From Sexually Transmitted HIV-1 Infection.
Contribution of genetic amplification by PCR for the diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection in patients receiving proton pump inhibitors.
Mitigating the impact of microbial pressure on great (Parus major) and blue (Cyanistes caeruleus) tit hatching success through maternal immune investment.
Eubacterium maltosivorans sp. nov., a novel human intestinal acetogenic and butyrogenic bacterium with a versatile metabolism.
RECENT CHANGES IN INFECTIOUS DISEASES IN EUROPEAN WILDLIFE.
Convergent evolution of complex structures for ant-bacterial defensive symbiosis in fungus-farming ants.
Recombinant NS3 Protein Induced Expression of Immune Modulatory Elements in Hepatic Stellate Cells During Its Fibrotic Activity.
Bovine Epithelial in vitro Infection Models for Mycoplasma bovis.
A dendritic cell-based systemic vaccine induces long-lived lung-resident memory Th17 cells and ameliorates pulmonary mycosis.
SsaV Interacts with SsaL to Control the Translocon-to-Effector Switch in the Salmonella SPI-2 Type Three Secretion System.
Efflux Pump Inhibitors, Alpha-Tocopherol and Aspirin: Role in Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli Fluoroquinolone Resistance.
First Report of Extended-Spectrum Betalactamase-Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae Among Fecal Carriage in Iran: High Diversity of Clonal Relatedness and Virulence Factor Profiles.
The Antimicrobial Effect of a Commercial Mixture of Natural Antimicrobials Against Escherichia coli O157:H7.
Melioidosis in Malaysia: Incidence, Clinical Challenges, and Advances in Understanding Pathogenesis.
Erratum: Author Correction: Evolutionary history of plant hosts and fungal symbionts predicts the strength of mycorrhizal mutualism.
BACTOME-a reference database to explore the sequence- and gene expression-variation landscape of Pseudomonas aeruginosa clinical isolates.
Evolutionary history of plant hosts and fungal symbionts predicts the strength of mycorrhizal mutualism.
Multitasking of Hsp70 chaperone in the biogenesis of bacterial functional amyloids.
First molecular characterization of related cases of healthcare-associated infections involving multidrug-resistant Enterococcus faecium vanA in Algeria.
Staphylococcus aureus from atopic dermatitis skin accumulates in the lysosomes of keratinocytes with induction of IL-1alpha secretion via TLR9.
Emerging evolutionary paradigms in antibiotic discovery.
Validation of Mycobacterium tuberculosis real-time polymerase chain reaction for diagnosis of tuberculous meningitis using cerebrospinal fluid samples: a pilot study.
Versatile nano-platform for tailored immuno-magnetic carriers.
Comparative in vitro cytotoxicity of the emerging Fusarium mycotoxins beauvericin and enniatins to porcine intestinal epithelial cells.
Bacteriological screening of breast milk samples destined to direct milk donation: Prospective evaluation between 2007 and 2016.
Oral probiotic combination of Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium alters the gastrointestinal microbiota during antibiotic treatment for Clostridium difficile infection.
Multidrug-Resistant Escherichia coli and Tetracycline-Resistant Enterococcus faecalis in Wild Raptors of Alabama and Georgia, USA.
Corrigendum: Genomic surveillance of Neisseria gonorrhoeae to investigate the distribution and evolution of antimicrobial-resistance determinants and lineages.
Cytological and bacteriological sampling from filters used for embryo recovery to evaluate the uterine status of donor mares.
Local and systemic humoral response to ovine mastitis caused by Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Characterization of a leukocidin identified in Staphylococcus pseudintermedius.
In planta expression of nanobody-based designer chicken antibodies targeting Campylobacter.
alpha-actinin accounts for the bioactivity of actin preparations in inducing STAT target genes in Drosophila melanogaster.
Enrichment of Cell Surface-Associated Proteins in Gram-Positive Bacteria by Biotinylation or Trypsin Shaving for Mass Spectrometry Analysis.
Winners of the 2017 JA Omura Awards for excellence.
Gallium disrupts bacterial iron metabolism and has therapeutic effects in mice and humans with lung infections.
Does the identity of the bacteria matter in post-Kasai cholangitis? A comparison between simple and intractable cholangitis.
Re-evaluating the potential of immunoprophylaxis and/or immunotherapy for infections caused by multidrug resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis of enterotoxic Clostridium perfringens type A isolates recovered from humans and animals in Kolkata, India.
Molecular characterization of Staphylococcus aureus strains in bovine mastitis milk in Bangladesh.
Short Lifespans of Memory T-cells in Bone Marrow, Blood, and Lymph Nodes Suggest That T-cell Memory Is Maintained by Continuous Self-Renewal of Recirculating Cells.
Type II Toxin-Antitoxin Systems and Persister Cells.
A possible role for fumagillin in cellular damage during host infection by Aspergillus fumigatus.
Prospective of Essential Oils of the Genus Mentha as Biopesticides: A Review.
A Large, Refractory Nosocomial Outbreak of Klebsiella pneumoniae Carbapenemase-Producing Escherichia coli Demonstrates Carbapenemase Gene Outbreaks Involving Sink Sites Require Novel Approaches to Infection Control.
Development and evaluation of isothermal amplification assay for the rapid and sensitive detection of Clostridium perfringens from chevon.
Molecular analysis of Streptococcus pyogenes strains isolated from patients with recurrent pharyngitis after oral amoxicillin treatment.
Bacteriology of the burn wound at the Bai Jerbai Wadia hospital for children, Mumbai, India-A 21 year study of predominant Pseudomonas species.
A Novel Natural Antimicrobial Can Reduce the in vitro and in vivo Pathogenicity of T6SS Positive Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli Chicken Isolates.
Investigating the Composition and Metabolic Potential of Microbial Communities in Chocolate Pots Hot Springs.
Fast and Highly Sensitive Detection of Pathogens Wreathed with Magnetic Nanoparticles Using Dark-Field Microscopy.
The expression of Indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase (IDO) is reduced in granulomas from BCG vaccinated cattle compared to granulomas from unvaccinated controls after experimental challenge with Mycobacterium bovis.
Emergence of evolutionarily stable communities through eco-evolutionary tunnelling.
Spatial transmission of H5N2 highly pathogenic avian influenza between Minnesota poultry premises during the 2015 outbreak.
Rapid Divergence of Genome Architectures Following the Origin of an Ectomycorrhizal Symbiosis in the Genus Amanita.
Cutavirus DNA in Malignant and Nonmalignant Skin of Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma and Organ Transplant Patients but Not of Healthy Adults.
Ky-2, a hybrid compound histone deacetylase inhibitor, regulated inflammatory response in LPS-driven human macrophages.
Quantifying the impact of inhalational burns: a prospective study.
Sociodemographic characteristics and clinical description of congenital syphilis patients and their mothers in Japan: a qualitative study, 2016.
Impact of Cross-Contamination Concentrations of Doxycycline Hyclate on the Microbial Ecosystem in an Ex Vivo Model of the Pig \' s Cecum.
Assessing the prevalence of Staphylococcus aureus in infertile male patients in Tabriz, northwest Iran.
Global Profiling of Lysine Acetylation in Borrelia burgdorferi B31 Reveals Its Role in Central Metabolism.
Syphilis, human immunodeficiency virus, herpes genital and hepatitis B in a women \' s prison in Cochabamba, Bolivia: prevalence and risk factors.
Diarrhoeagenic Escherichia coli and Escherichia albertii in Brazil: pathotypes and serotypes over a 6-year period of surveillance.
The prevalence of brucellosis and bovine tuberculosis in ruminants in Sidi Kacem Province, Morocco.
Romboutsia hominis sp. nov., the first human gut-derived representative of the genus Romboutsia, isolated from ileostoma effluent.
A collection of the etiological theories, characteristics, and observations/phenomena of peptic ulcers in existing data.
Streptococcus suis synthesizes deoxyadenosine and adenosine by 5 \' -nucleotidase to dampen host immune responses.
Heat stress as a predisposing factor for necrotic enteritis in broiler chicks.
Bioassays: The best alternative for conventional methods in detection of Legionella pneumophila.
Bowel Biofilms: Tipping Points between a Healthy and Compromised Gut?
The immunostimulatory effects and chemical characteristics of heated honey.
Epidemiological tracing of Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans identifies widespread infection and associated mortalities in private amphibian collections.
Isothermal DNA amplification combined with lateral flow dipsticks for detection of biothreat agents.
Development of a novel S. Typhi and Paratyphi A outer membrane vesicles based bivalent vaccine against enteric fever.
Management and outcome of bloodstream infections: a prospective survey in 121 French hospitals (SPA-BACT survey).
Fucosylated oligosaccharides in mother \' s milk alleviate the effects of caesarean birth on infant gut microbiota.
Mycotic Aortic Aneurysm and Infected Aortic Graft After Intravesical Bacillus Calmette-Guerin Treatment for Bladder Cancer.
Comparative analyses of CTX prophage region of Vibrio cholerae seventh pandemic wave 1 strains isolated in Asia.
Variations in the Organisms Causing Deep Surgical Site Infections in Fracture Patients at a Level I Trauma Center (2006-2015).
Recombinase Polymerase Amplification Assay for Field Detection of Tomato Bacterial Spot Pathogens.
Future of Helicobacter pylori and its feasibility.
Molecular Characterization of Vancomycin, Mupirocin and Antiseptic Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Strains.
Prevalence of Multidrug-Resistant Escherichia coli Isolated from Drinking Water Sources.
Comparison of Vacuum MALDI and AP-MALDI Platforms for the Mass Spectrometry Imaging of Metabolites Involved in Salt Stress in Medicago truncatula.
Domestic canaries (Serinus canaria forma domestica) are susceptible to low pathogenic avian influenza virus infections.
Rapid detection of tetracycline resistance in bovine Pasteurella multocida isolates by MALDI Biotyper antibiotic susceptibility test rapid assay (MBT-ASTRA).
The CcmC-CcmE interaction during cytochrome c maturation by System I is driven by protein-protein and not protein-heme contacts.
Prevalence of respiratory bacterial infections in people with lower respiratory tract infections in Africa: the BARIAFRICA systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.
Clinical features, bacteriology of endotracheal aspirates and treatment outcomes of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and community-acquired pneumonia in an intensive care unit in Taiwan with an emphasis on eosinophilia versus non-eosinophilia: a retrospective case-control study.
Bacillus anthracis as a cause of bovine abortion - a necropsy case requiring special biosafety measures.
Diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Establishment of the first International Standard for human anti-typhoid capsular Vi polysaccharide IgG.
Transcriptional Responses to ppGpp and DksA.
Treatment of Ciprofloxacin-resistant Ear Infections.
Genotypic and phenotypic characteristics of Escherichia coli involved in transfusion-transmitted bacterial infections: implications for preventive strategies.
Antimycobacterial activity of veterinary antibiotics (Apramycin and Framycetin) against Mycobacterium abscessus: Implication for patients with cystic fibrosis.
Interaction of South Asian spices with conventional antibiotics: Implications for antimicrobial resistance for Mycobacterium abscessus and cystic fibrosis.
OMNIgene SPUTUM: A good transport and decontaminating reagent for tuberculosis testing.
A Review of the Effect of Management Practices on Campylobacter Prevalence in Poultry Farms.
Antimicrobial resistance in bacteria isolated from horses from the Atlantic Provinces, Canada (1994 to 2013).
Protection in sheep against heterologous challenge with serotype Asia-1 foot-and-mouth disease virus using high potency vaccine.
Potential role for Rv2026c- and Rv2421c- specific antibody responses in diagnosing active tuberculosis.
Fusobacterium nucleatum and colorectal cancer: A mechanistic overview.
Molecular Epidemiology, Ecology, and Evolution of Group A Streptococci.
A comparison of Sensititre  Anaerobe MIC plate with ATB ANA  test for the routine susceptibility testing of common anaerobe pathogens.
Plasma membrane profiling during enterohemorrhagic E. coli infection reveals that the metalloprotease StcE cleaves CD55 from host epithelial surfaces.
Detection of carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae by chromogenic screening media.
Evaluation of the NG-Test CARBA 5 multiplex immunochromatographic assay for the detection of KPC, OXA-48-like, NDM, VIM and IMP carbapenemases.
Bacteriology and clinical outcomes of patients with culture-positive pleural infection in Western Australia: A 6-year analysis.
Effects of Dietary Supplementation of Probiotic Mix and Prebiotic on Growth Performance, Cecal Microbiota Composition, and Protection Against Escherichia coli O78 in Broiler Chickens.
First report of nodular skin lesions caused by Mycobacterium nebraskense in a 9-year-old cat.
Oxygen Limitation Enhances the Antimicrobial Activity of Fosfomycin in Pseudomonas aeruginosa Following Overexpression of glpT Which Encodes Glycerol-3-Phosphate/Fosfomycin Symporter.
TaxAss: Leveraging a Custom Freshwater Database Achieves Fine-Scale Taxonomic Resolution.
Elucidating redox balance shift in Scheffersomyces stipitis \'  fermentative metabolism using a modified genome-scale metabolic model.
Rapid detection and discrimination of chromosome- and MCR-plasmid-mediated resistance to polymyxins by MALDI-TOF MS in Escherichia coli: the MALDIxin test.
Lipids as Biomarkers of Cancer and Bacterial Infections.
[Eduard Reich \' s "Hygiene of Culture"-A retrospective on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of his death].
Comparisons of gut microbiota profiles in wild-type and gelatinase B/matrix metalloproteinase-9-deficient mice in acute DSS-induced colitis.
Biosynthetic capacity, metabolic variety and unusual biology in the CPR and DPANN radiations.
Epidemiology, aetiology and seasonality of infectious diarrhoea in adult outpatients through active surveillance in Shanghai, China, 2012-2016: a cross-sectional study.
Immunization with Salmonella Abortusequi phage lysate protects guinea pig against the virulent challenge of SAE-742.
[Progress of research on toll-like receptors family gene polymorphism and susceptibility to tuberculosis].
Cross-laboratory evaluation of multiplex bead assays including independent common reference standards for immunological monitoring of observational and interventional human studies.
Isolation and molecular identification of Aeromonas wound infection in Iranian burn patients.
Modulation of Host Cell Processes by T3SS Effectors.
Global spread of three multidrug-resistant lineages of Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Genotyping and phylogenetic placement of Bacillus anthracis isolates from Finland, a country with rare anthrax cases.
Ultrasensitive and rapid count of Escherichia coli using magnetic nanoparticle probe under dark-field microscope.
Carbapenems and alternative beta-lactams for the treatment of infections due to extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: What impact on intestinal colonisation resistance?
Sylimarin as hepatic protector and immunomodulator in Nile tilapia during Streptococcus agalactiae infection.
[Next-generation Sequencing Analysis of Bacterial Flora in Bovine Prototheca Mastitic Milk].
Experimental Evaluation of the Effect of Zinc Salt on Inhibition of Streptococcus mutans.
Helicobacter pylori in a poultry slaughterhouse: Prevalence, genotyping and antibiotic resistance pattern.
Sertoli Cell Tumour and Uterine Leiomyoma in Miniature Schnauzer Dogs with Persistent Mullerian Duct Syndrome Caused by Mutation in the AMHR2 Gene.
Caseous Lymphadenitis Caused by Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis in Alpine Chamois (Rupicapra r. rupicapra): a Review of 98 Cases.
Fluoroquinolone-resistant and extended-spectrum beta-lactamase producing Escherichia coli isolates from free-living wild animals.
The occurrence of nosocomial pathogens on cell phones of healthcare workers in an Iranian tertiary care hospital.
Molecular mechanisms of CRISPR-Cas spacer acquisition.
Analysis of amino acid motif of penicillin-binding proteins 1a, 2b, and 2x in invasive Streptococcus pneumoniae nonsusceptible to penicillin isolated from pediatric patients in Casablanca, Morocco.
Conjunctival aerobic bacterial flora in healthy Silesian foals and adult horses in Poland.
Safety of multicomponent meningococcal group B vaccine (4CMenB) in routine infant immunisation in the UK: a prospective surveillance study.
Evaluation of Exoenzyme Activities, Biofilm Formation, and Co-hemolytic Effect in Clinical Isolates of Candida parapsilosis Species Complex.
A steam-based method to investigate biofilm.
Are large randomised controlled trials in severe sepsis and septic shock statistically disadvantaged by repeated inadvertent underestimates of required sample size?
Current health status and its risk factors of the Tsarang villagers living at high altitude in the Mustang district of Nepal.
Synergy Between Proline-Rich Antimicrobial Peptides and Small Molecule Antibiotics Against Selected Gram-Negative Pathogens in vitro and in vivo.
The relationship between phylogenetic classification, virulence and antibiotic resistance of extraintestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli in Izmir province, Turkey.
The Pseudomonas aeruginosa Orphan Quorum Sensing Signal Receptor QscR Regulates Global Quorum Sensing Gene Expression by Activating a Single Linked Operon.
The Eukaryotic Host Factor 14-3-3 Inactivates Adenylate Cyclase Toxins of Bordetella bronchiseptica and B. parapertussis, but Not B. pertussis.
Identification of common virulence factors present in enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli isolated from diarrhoeal patients in Kolkata, India.
The integrase of the Macrococcus caseolyticus resistance island mecD (McRImecD ) inserts DNA site-specifically into Staphylococcus and Bacillus chromosomes.
Rapid visual isothermal nucleic acid-based detection assay of Brucella species by polymerase spiral reaction.
Convergence between the microcosms of Southeast Asian and North American pitcher plants.
Bacteriological profile of community-acquired musculoskeletal infections: a study from Queensland.
Corrigendum to "Surfaces and Air Bacteriology of Selected Wards at a Referral Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia: A Cross-Sectional Study".
Diversity of High-Level Aminoglycoside Resistance Mechanisms among Gram-Negative Nosocomial Pathogens in Brazil.
Molecular typing and evaluation of Sidr honey inhibitory effect on virulence genes of MRSA strains isolated from catfish in Egypt.
Application of pancreatic phospholipase A2 for treatment of bovine mastitis.
Screening of Serum Biomarkers for Distinguishing between Latent and Active Tuberculosis Using Proteome Microarray.
Molecular characterization of fluoroquinolones, macrolides, and imipenem resistance in Haemophilus influenzae: analysis of the mutations in QRDRs and assessment of the extent of the AcrAB-TolC-mediated resistance.
Culture results from wound biopsy versus wound swab: does it matter for the assessment of wound infection?
Editorial overview: It \' s the ecology, stupid: microbiome research in the post-stamp collecting age.
Acinetobacter in veterinary medicine, with an emphasis on Acinetobacter baumannii.
Is maternal microbial metabolism an early-life determinant of health?
Reduced-Particle-Size Wheat Bran Is Efficiently Colonized by a Lactic Acid-Producing Community and Reduces Levels of Enterobacteriaceae in the Cecal Microbiota of Broilers.
A New Online Resource to Monitor New or Emerging Plant Pests: MEDISYS Media Monitoring and the Case of Xylella fastidiosa.
Genomic analysis of the original Elberg Brucella melitensis Rev.1 vaccine strain reveals insights into virulence attenuation.
Antigenic potential of a recombinant polyvalent DNA vaccine against pathogenic leptospiral infection.
The EDTA-based disk-combination tests are unreliable for the detection of MCR-mediated colistin-resistance in Enterobacteriaceae.
Comparison of the molecular characteristics of Mycoplasma pneumoniae from children across different regions of China.
Disruption of skin microbiota contributes to salamander disease.
Editorial: Veterinary Bacterial Zoonoses.
Systematic Dissection of the Evolutionarily Conserved WetA Developmental Regulator across a Genus of Filamentous Fungi.
The epigenetic reader SntB regulates secondary metabolism, development and global histone modifications in Aspergillus flavus.
Naked eye detection of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex by recombinase polymerase amplification-SYBR green I assays.
Antibiotic resistance pattern and molecular characterization of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase producing enteroaggregative Escherichia coli isolates in children from southwest Iran.
An Orphan MbtH-Like Protein Interacts with Multiple Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetases in Myxococcus xanthus DK1622.
Use of a breeding bull and absence of a calving pen as risk factors for the presence of Mycoplasma bovis in dairy herds.
First Report of Arabis Mosaic Virus in Rhubarb in Poland.
Sacroiliitis and osteomyelitis caused by serotype 3 Streptococcus pneumonia in a previously healthy adult: a case report.
A nationwide population-based surveillance of invasive Haemophilus influenzae diseases in children after the introduction of the Haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine in Japan.
RNA Guide Complementarity Prevents Self-Targeting in Type VI CRISPR Systems.
Mechanism for the Regulated Control of Bacterial Transcription Termination by a Universal Adaptor Protein.
Contamination of Cronobacter spp. in Chinese Retail Spices.
Staphylococcal Biofilms.
Spontaneous Remission in Paroxysmal Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria-Return to Health or Transition Into Malignancy?
Functional metagenomics reveals abundant polysaccharide-degrading gene clusters and cellobiose utilization pathways within gut microbiota of a wood-feeding higher termite.
A novel role for C-C motif chemokine receptor 2 during infection with hypervirulent Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Microevolution of epidemiological highly relevant non-O157 enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli of serogroups O26 and O111.
The Editor and the Author at Fault: A Lesson From Recent Retractions.
Do antimicrobial peptides and antimicrobial-peptide resistance play important roles during bacterial infection?
Bactericidal Activity of a Cationic Peptide on Neisseria meningitidis.
The Bacteriology and Its Virulence Factors in Neonatal Infections: Threats to Child Survival Strategies.
Mink (Neovison vison) kits with pre-weaning diarrhea have elevated serum amyloid A levels and intestinal pathomorphological similarities with New Neonatal Porcine Diarrhea Syndrome.
Legionellosis in Poland in 2016
In Vitro Transcription Assay to Quantify Effects of H-NS Filaments on RNA Chain Elongation by RNA Polymerase.
Atomic Force Microscopy Imaging and Analysis of Prokaryotic Genome Organization.
Phylogenetic Lineages of Francisella tularensis in Animals.
Membrane-active antimicrobial poly(amino-modified alkyl) beta-cyclodextrins synthesized via click reactions.
Antimicrobial resistance in bacteria isolated from cats and dogs from the Atlantic Provinces, Canada from 1994-2013.
In Vitro Activities of the Benzoquinolizine Fluoroquinolone Levonadifloxacin (WCK 771) and Other Antimicrobial Agents against Mycoplasmas and Ureaplasmas in Humans, Including Isolates with Defined Resistance Mechanisms.
Molecular investigation of isolates from a multistate polymicrobial outbreak associated with contaminated total parenteral nutrition in Brazil.
Bacterial species diversity as an indicator of dibromonitrilopropionamide (DBNPA) biocide efficacy.
Apple Intrinsic Factors Modulating the Global Regulator, LaeA, the Patulin Gene Cluster and Patulin Accumulation During Fruit Colonization by Penicillium expansum.
Microbiology and biofilm of corneal sutures.
Colistin resistance, beyond the current knowledge.
Synthesis, X-ray structure, DFT and antimicrobial studies of Ag(I) complexes with nicotinic acid derivatives.
Induction and maintenance of a phenotypically heterogeneous lung tissue-resident CD4+ T cell population following BCG immunisation.
Soil exposure modifies the gut microbiota and supports immune tolerance in a mouse model.
High prevalence of blaCTX-M-14 among genetically diverse Escherichia coli recovered from retail raw chicken meat portions in Japan.
Viral Teamwork Pushes CRISPR to the Breaking Point.
Strain variation and antigenic divergence among Bordetella pertussis circulating strains isolated from patients in Iran.
Personalities, Preferences and Practicalities: Educating Nurses in Wound Sepsis in the British Hospital, 1870-1920.
The Type III Secretion System of Pathogenic Escherichia coli.
Epidemiology and resistance phenotypes of carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in Greece, 2014 to 2016.
Early life colonization of the human gut: microbes matter everywhere.
Nitrogen fixation in a landrace of maize is supported by a mucilage-associated diazotrophic microbiota.
From hairballs to hypotheses-biological insights from microbial networks.
Genetic and Biochemical Characterization of OXA-535, a Distantly Related OXA-48-Like beta-Lactamase.
Limitations of a chromogenic agar plate for the identifying bacteria isolated from equine endometritis samples.
Antibacterial effects and resistance induction of silver and gold nanoparticles against Staphylococcus aureus-induced mastitis and the potential toxicity in rats.
Correct Identification of Ochrobactrum anthropi From Blood Culture Using 16rRNA Sequencing: A First Case Report in an Immunocompromised Patient in Mexico.
The future of automation in bacteriology.
Detection and characterization of methicillin-resistant and susceptible coagulase-negative staphylococci in milk from cows with clinical mastitis in Tunisia.
Characteristics of Shiga toxin producing- and enteropathogenic Escherichia coli of the emerging serotype O80:H2 isolated from humans and diarrhoeic calves in Belgium.
Comparison of Genus Specific PCR and Culture with or without Sonication for Microbiological Diagnosis of Vascular Graft Infection.
Robust B Cell Responses Predict Rapid Resolution of Lyme Disease.
Effect of Hochuekkito (Buzhongyiqitang) on Nasal Cavity Colonization of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Murine Model.
A systematic review of surgical site infections following day surgery: a frequentist and a Bayesian meta-analysis of prevalence.
The potential of Loxosceles gaucho spider venom to regulate Pseudomonas aeruginosa mechanisms of virulence.
Macrophages inhibit Aspergillus fumigatus germination and neutrophil-mediated fungal killing.
Associations of teat morphometric parameters and subclinical mastitis in riverine buffaloes.
Local outbreak of Streptococcus pneumoniae serotype 12F caused high morbidity and mortality among children and adults.
Longitudinal Evaluation of Humoral Immunity and Bacterial and Clinical Parameters Reveals That Antigen-Specific Antibodies Suppress Inflammatory Responses in Active Tuberculosis Patients.
SUMO-mediated regulation of NLRP3 modulates inflammasome activity.
The changing views on the evolutionary relationships of extant Salamandridae (Amphibia: Urodela).
Galleria mellonella - a novel infection model for the Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex.
Use of Canonical Single Nucleotide Polymorphism (CanSNPs) to characterize Bacillus anthracis outbreak strains in Zambia between 1990 and 2014.
When Bacterial Culture Fails, Metagenomics Can Help: A Case of Chronic Hepatic Brucelloma Assessed by Next-Generation Sequencing.
Prevalence of drug-resistant tuberculosis in South Africa.
Genomic surveillance of Neisseria gonorrhoeae to investigate the distribution and evolution of antimicrobial-resistance determinants and lineages.
Epidemiology of toxic shock syndrome toxin-1 harboring Staphylococcus aureus obtained from clinical samples in Iran: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Otogenic brain abscesses: A systematic review.
Vaccines as alternatives to antibiotics for food producing animals. Part 2: new approaches and potential solutions.
Vaccines as alternatives to antibiotics for food producing animals. Part 1: challenges and needs.
In Vitro Rearing of Solitary Bees: A Tool for Assessing Larval Risk Factors.
Characterization of the clonal subpopulation Fiocruz L1-130 of Leptospira interrogans in rats and dogs from Brazil.
Case control study: Serological evidence that Borrelia miyamotoi disease occurs nationwide in Japan.
Therapeutic approach to pediatric acute mastoiditis - an update.
Isolation of Salmonella enterica serovar Agona strains and their similarities to strains derived from a clone caused a serovar shift in broilers.
A bead-based suspension array for the detection of Salmonella antibodies in pig sera.
Induction of programmed cell death in Trypanosoma cruzi by Lippia alba essential oils and their major and synergistic terpenes (citral, limonene and caryophyllene oxide).
Features of syphilis seropositive pregnant women raising alarms in Hungary, 2013-2016.
The bacterial microbiota in first-void urine from men with and without idiopathic urethritis.
Structure-function analyses of the bacterial zinc metalloprotease effector protein GtgA uncover key residues required for deactivating NF-kappaB.
Fungal attack and host defence pathways unveiled in near-avirulent interactions of Penicillium expansum creA mutants on apples.
Occurrence of purulent mandibular and maxillary osteomyelitis associated with Pseudomonas aeruginosa in a sheep flock in south-west of Iran.
Natural Variation in the Multidrug Efflux Pump SGE1 Underlies Ionic Liquid Tolerance in Yeast.
Nitric oxide-releasing microparticles as a potent antimicrobial therapeutic against chronic rhinosinusitis bacterial isolates.
Transmissible silver resistance readily evolves in high-risk clone isolates of Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Activity of rheumatoid arthritis correlates with oral inflammatory burden.
Molecular Survey of Tularemia and Plague in Small Mammals From Iran.
Flux, Impact, and Fate of Halogenated Xenobiotic Compounds in the Gut.
Akkermansia muciniphila in the Human Gastrointestinal Tract: When, Where, and How?
Inflammatory changes in the aneurysm wall: a review.
Viable Coxiella burnetii Induces Differential Cytokine Responses in Chronic Q Fever Patients Compared to Heat-Killed Coxiella burnetii.
The Psoriasis Risk Allele HLA-C*06:02 Shows Evidence of Association with Chronic or Recurrent Streptococcal Tonsillitis.
Ca2+ -induced orientation of tandem collagen binding domains from clostridial collagenase ColG permits two opposing functions of collagen fibril formation and retardation.
[Outstanding contribution of german professors J. Israel (18481926) and M. Nitze (18481906) to clinical urology (to the 170th anniversary of their birth)].
Increasing the economic value of lignocellulosic stillage through medium-chain fatty acid production.
New approach for detection of Escherichia coli invasion to HeLa cells.
Typhoidal Salmonella: Distinctive virulence factors and pathogenesis.
SssP1, a Streptococcus suis Fimbria-Like Protein Transported by the SecY2/A2 System, Contributes to Bacterial Virulence.
In vitro combinatory activity of piperine and anti-tuberculosis drugs in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Detection of multiple organisms based on the distance-dependent optical properties of gold nanoparticle and dark-field microscopy.
Antibiotic treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia: is it different from ventilator-associated pneumonia?
Naturally occurring polymorphisms in the virulence regulator Rsp modulate Staphylococcus aureus survival in blood and antibiotic susceptibility.
Cervical bacterial colonization in women with preterm premature rupture of membrane and pregnancy outcomes: A cohort study.
Tuberculosis contact-tracing among Syrian refugee populations: lessons from Jordan.
Inhibiting Growth of Clostridioides difficile by Restoring Valerate, Produced by the Intestinal Microbiota.
Removal of contaminants of emerging concern (CECs) and antibiotic resistant bacteria in urban wastewater using UVA/TiO2/H2O2 photocatalysis.
The draft genomes of Elizabethkingia anophelis of equine origin are genetically similar to three isolates from human clinical specimens.
Molecular determinants of Burkholderia pseudomallei BpeEF-OprC efflux pump expression.
Isolation and characterization of Leptospira interrogans from two patients with leptospirosis in Western Province, Sri Lanka.
Mycobacteria produce proteins involved in biofilm formation and growth-affecting processes.
Antimicrobial Resistance and Virulence-Associated Traits of Campylobacter jejuni Isolated From Poultry Food Chain and Humans With Diarrhea.
The complete genome sequence of Rhodobaca barguzinensis alga05 (DSM 19920) documents its adaptation for life in soda lakes.
Rifampin- or Capreomycin-Induced Remodeling of the Mycobacterium smegmatis Mycolic Acid Layer Is Mitigated in Synergistic Combinations with Cationic Antimicrobial Peptides.
Ibrutinib blocks Btk-dependent NF-kB and NFAT responses in human macrophages during Aspergillus fumigatus phagocytosis.
Mechanical and aesthetics compatibility of Brazilian red propolis micellar nanocomposite as a cavity cleaning agent.
Usefulness of polymerase chain reaction for diagnosing Whipple \' s disease in rheumatology.
Outcome of patients with acute bacterial meningitis in a teaching hospital in Ethiopia: A prospective study.
Skin mucosome activity as an indicator of Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans susceptibility in salamanders.
Impact of immunopathology on the antituberculous activity of pyrazinamide.
Amylibacter kogurei sp. nov., a novel marine alphaproteobacterium isolated from the coastal sea surface microlayer of a marine inlet.
In vitro model to assess the adsorption of oral veterinary drugs to mycotoxin binders in a feed- and aflatoxin B1-containing buffered matrix.
Classification, microbiology and treatment of diabetic foot infections.
Postoperative infections following cochlear implant surgery.
Development and Evaluation of a Latex Agglutination Test for the Identification of Francisella tularensis Subspecies Pathogenic for Human.
The Very Low Frequency of Epstein-Barr JC and BK Viruses DNA in Colorectal Cancer Tissues in Shiraz, Southwest Iran.
Streptococcus agalactiae prevalence and antimicrobial susceptibility pattern in vaginal and anorectal swabs of pregnant women at a tertiary hospital in Cameroon.
Unexpected Genomic and Phenotypic Diversity of Mycobacterium africanum Lineage 5 Affects Drug Resistance, Protein Secretion, and Immunogenicity.
Anidulafungin increases the antibacterial activity of tigecycline in polymicrobial Candida albicans/Staphylococcus aureus biofilms on intraperitoneally implanted foreign bodies.
Intracranial Subarachnoidal Route of Infection for Investigating Roles of Streptococcus suis Biofilms in Meningitis in a Mouse Infection Model.
Successful termination of sustained transmission of resident MRSA following extensive NICU refurbishment: an intervention study.
Lactic acid Bacteria isolated from European badgers (Meles meles) reduce the viability and survival of Bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG) vaccine and influence the immune response to BCG in a human macrophage model.
Antimicrobial Resistance in Mycoplasma spp.
Association of Second Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplant vs Donor Lymphocyte Infusion With Overall Survival in Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia Relapse.
Mastitis diagnoses in Scotland in 2017.
IgM cleavage by Streptococcus suis reduces IgM bound to the bacterial surface and is a novel complement evasion mechanism.
A survey of the frequency of cytomegalovirus-associated diarrhea in immunocompromised patients using a non-invasive method.
Prevalence of biofilm formation and vancomycin-resistant genes among Enterococcus faecium isolated from clinical and environmental specimens in Lorestan hospitals.
Bioremediation and microbial metabolism of benzo(a)pyrene.
Mosquito arbovirus survey in selected areas of Kenya: detection of insect-specific virus.
Botulinum Neurotoxin Detection Methods for Public Health Response and Surveillance.
Whole genome sequencing and identification of Bacillus endophyticus and B. anthracis isolated from anthrax outbreaks in South Africa.
Generation of Mycoplasma hominis gene-targeted mutants by targeting-induced local lesions in genomes (TILLING).
Tetracycline and fluoroquinolone resistance in clinical Ureaplasma spp. and Mycoplasma hominis isolates in France between 2010 and 2015.
Effect of Polyvalence on the Antibacterial Activity of a Synthetic Peptide Derived from Bovine Lactoferricin against Healthcare-Associated Infectious Pathogens.
Evaluation of the CRE and ESBL ELITe MGB  kits for the accurate detection of carbapenemase- or CTX-M-producing bacteria.
Effects of Treatment Delay on Efficacy of Tecovirimat Following Lethal Aerosol Monkeypox Virus Challenge in Cynomolgus Macaques.
Outbreak of hypervirulent Klebsiella pneumoniae harbouring blaVIM-2 among mechanically-ventilated drug-poisoning patients with high mortality rate in Iran.
Prevalence of vancomycin-intermediate Staphylococcus aureus among clinical isolates in Iran: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Advanced tools for the safety assessment of nanomaterials.
Temporal Requirement for Pulmonary Resident and Circulating T Cells during Virulent Francisella tularensis Infection.
Legionella pneumophila and Other Legionella Species Isolated from Legionellosis Patients in Japan between 2008 and 2016.
Enhanced Bacterial Immunity and Mammalian Genome Editing via RNA-Polymerase-Mediated Dislodging of Cas9 from Double-Strand DNA Breaks.
Fluoroquinolone resistance in Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli from poultry and human samples assessed by PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism assay.
Diagnostic Aspects of Veterinary and Human Aspergillosis.
Histopathological Diagnosis of Prosthetic Joint Infection: Does a Threshold of 23 Neutrophils Do Better than Classification of the Periprosthetic Membrane in a Prospective Multicenter Study?
Molecular epidemiology of ESBL-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae isolates in intensive care units of a tertiary care hospital, North of Iran.
Presence of gastric Helicobacter species in children suffering from gastric disorders in Southern Turkey.
Characterizing interactions of Leptospira interrogans with proximal renal tubule epithelial cells.
Interaction of matrix metalloproteinase-9 and Zpx in Cronobacter turicensis LMG 23827T mediated infections in the zebrafish model.
Hypervirulent Klebsiella pneumoniae, a 5-year study in a French ICU.
Identification of a New Antimicrobial Resistance Gene Provides Fresh Insights Into Pleuromutilin Resistance in Brachyspira hyodysenteriae, Aetiological Agent of Swine Dysentery.
Linking glucose metabolism to the stringent response through the PTS.
The inflammatory response and neuronal injury in Streptococcus suis meningitis.
Anti-rheumatic medication and salivary MMP-8, a biomarker for periodontal disease.
Unique Francisella Phosphatidylethanolamine Acts as a Potent Anti-Inflammatory Lipid.
Costs and benefits of provocation in bacterial warfare.
Characterization of Three Small Proteins in Brucella abortus Linked to Fucose Utilization.
OqxAB and variants of QepA in extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in hospital wastewater in Mali.
Domestic animals infected with Mycobacterium ulcerans-Implications for transmission to humans.
A Bcl-2 Associated Athanogene (bagA) Modulates Sexual Development and Secondary Metabolism in the Filamentous Fungus Aspergillus nidulans.
Does ivacaftor interfere with the antimicrobial activity of commonly used antibiotics against Pseudomonas aeruginosa?-Results of an in vitro study.
Development of vaccine for Clostridium difficile infection using membrane fraction of nontoxigenic Clostridium difficile.
Pediatric recurrent acute mastoiditis: Risk factors and insights into pathogenesis.
Molecular epidemiology of Brucella melitensis strains causing outbreaks in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Differential Gene Expression Profile Induced by Valproic Acid (VPA) in Pediatric Epileptic Patients.
Highly antibiotic-resistant Clostridium difficile isolates from Iranian patients.
Development of a standardized real time PCR for Torque teno viruses (TTV) viral load detection and quantification: A new tool for immune monitoring.
A novel regulatory factor affecting the transcription of methionine biosynthesis genes in Escherichia coli experiencing sustained nitrogen starvation.
Signatures of ecological processes in microbial community time series.
In Vitro Anti-mycobacterial Activity of Three Medicinal Plants of Lamiaceae Family.
Diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori Using Invasive and Noninvasive Approaches.
Multiresistant Brachyspira hyodysenteriae shedding by pigs during the fattening period.
The Methanosarcina mazei MM2060 Gene Encodes a Bifunctional Kinase/Decarboxylase Enzyme Involved in Cobamide Biosynthesis.
Ultrasound-guided synovial biopsy improves diagnosis of septic arthritis in acute arthritis without enough analyzable synovial fluid: a retrospective analysis of 176 arthritis from a French rheumatology department.
Intact Cell Lipidomics Reveal Changes to the Ratio of Cardiolipins to Phosphatidylinositols in Response to Kanamycin in HeLa and Primary Cells.
Mechanistic Insights in the Success of Fecal Microbiota Transplants for the Treatment of Clostridium difficile Infections.
The Rickettsial Ankyrin Repeat Protein 2 Is a Type IV Secreted Effector That Associates with the Endoplasmic Reticulum.
Shigella-Induced Emergency Granulopoiesis Protects Zebrafish Larvae from Secondary Infection.
Isolation and identification of specific bacteriophage against enteropathogenic Escherichia coli (EPEC) and in vitro and in vivo characterization of bacteriophage.
Genomic and phenotypic characterization of Borrelia afzelii BO23 and Borrelia garinii CIP 103362.
Response: Commentary: Severe Sequelae to Mold-Related Illness as Demonstrated in Two Finnish Cohorts.
Macroevolution of gastric Helicobacter species unveils interspecies admixture and time of divergence.
WITHDRAWN: Establishment of the first International Standard for human anti-typhoid capsular Vi polysaccharide IgG.
How Ralstonia solanacearum Exploits and Thrives in the Flowing Plant Xylem Environment.
Factors affecting development of Clostridium difficile infection in hospitalized pediatric patients in the country Georgia.
Allogeneic mesenchymal stem cells improve the wound healing process of sheep skin.
Otitis in a cat associated with Corynebacterium provencense.
Ethical Behavior After an Unethical Publication: Glimpse of Hopes.
Mycobacterium shigaense sp. nov., a slow-growing, scotochromogenic species, is a member of the Mycobacterium simiae complex.
Availability of Nanopore sequences in the genome taxonomy for Vibrionaceae systematics: Rumoiensis clade species as a test case.
[The savior of mothers and newborns, whom we shall always be proud of: Ignac Semmelweis (1818-1865). One who defeated the disease, yet could not convince the people, Doctor of Medical Sciences and Surgery, Master of Obstetrics, Professor of Theoretical and Practical Obstetrics at the Pest Royal Hungarian University of Sciences].
Pathogenicity, population genetics and dissemination of Bacillus anthracis.
Spathaspora passalidarum selected for resistance to AFEX hydrolysate shows decreased cell yield.
Escherichia coli ItaT is a type II toxin that inhibits translation by acetylating isoleucyl-tRNAIle.
Single Circular Chromosome Identified from the Genome Sequence of the Vibrio cholerae O1 bv. El Tor Ogawa Strain V060002.
Complete Genome Sequence of Mycobacterium shigaense.
A survey on chimeric UreB229-561-HpaA protein targeting Helicobacter pylori: Computational and in vitro urease activity valuation.
Characterization of quorum sensing system in Clostridium chauvoei.
Contribution of Healthy Chickens to Antimicrobial-Resistant Escherichia coli Associated with Human Extraintestinal Infections in Egypt.
Dissemination of newly emerged polymyxin B sensitive Vibrio cholerae O1 containing Haitian-like genetic traits in different parts of India.
Salmonella Typhimurium Infection of Human Monocyte-Derived Macrophages.
Vibrio alginolyticus VepA Induces Lysosomal Membrane Permeability and Cathepsin-Independent Cell Death.
Xpert Ultra Can Unambiguously Identify Specific Rifampin Resistance-Conferring Mutations.
A cluster of Chryseobacterium indologenes cases related to drainage water in intensive care units.
Elevated faecal ovotransferrin concentrations are indicative for intestinal barrier failure in broiler chickens.
The Early History of Bacteriology in the United States.
Septins suppress the release of vaccinia virus from infected cells.
Causes of mortality and morbidity in free-ranging mustelids in Switzerland: necropsy data from over 50 years of general health surveillance.
Alanine Scanning of YbdZ, an MbtH-like Protein, Reveals Essential Residues for Functional Interactions with Its Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase Partner EntF.
Analysis of ParAB dynamics in mycobacteria shows active movement of ParB and differential inheritance of ParA.
6S RNA, a Global Regulator of Transcription.
Isolation and identification of Mannheimia haemolytica by culture and polymerase chain reaction from sheep \' s pulmonary samples in Shiraz, Iran.
Clinical impact of deoxynivalenol, 3-acetyl-deoxynivalenol and 15-acetyl-deoxynivalenol on the severity of an experimental Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae infection in pigs.
RNA-based vaccination of Bhut Jolokia pepper (Capsicum chinense Jacq.) against cucumber mosaic virus.
Isolation and Characterization of Novel Broad Host Range Bacteriophages of Vibrio cholerae O1 from Bengal.
An outbreak of listeriosis linked to turkey meat products in the Czech Republic, 2012-2016.
Evaluation of carbopol as an adjuvant on the effectiveness of progressive atrophic rhinitis vaccine.
Accuracy of Sensititre YeastOne echinocandins epidemiological cut-off values for identification of FKS mutant Candida albicans and Candida glabrata: a ten year national survey of the Fungal Infection Network of Switzerland (FUNGINOS).
Short communication: Lack of intramammary niche recolonization during a sanitation program for the contagious mastitis pathogen Staphylococcus aureus genotype B.
Common gamma chain cytokines promote regulatory T cell development and survival at the CD4+ CD8+ stage in the human thymus.
VALIDATE: Exploiting the synergy between complex intracellular pathogens to expedite vaccine research and development for tuberculosis, leishmaniasis, melioidosis and leprosy.
Streptococcus suis cps7: an emerging virulent sequence type (ST29) shows a distinct, IgM-determined pattern of bacterial survival in blood of piglets during the early adaptive immune response after weaning.
Antimicrobial effect of dimethyl sulfoxide and N, N-Dimethylformamide on Mycobacterium abscessus: Implications for antimicrobial susceptibility testing.
Evaluation of the mono instrument (Wave One) mechanical action on the bacterial load reduction: In vitro study of 32 permanent human teeth.
Proteus spp. as Putative Gastrointestinal Pathogens.
Occurrence, antimicrobial susceptibility patterns and genotypic relatedness of Salmonella spp. isolates from captive wildlife, their caretakers, feed and water in India.
Prevalence of pSCFS7-like vectors among cfr-positive staphylococcal population in Spain.
MALDI-TOF for the rapid detection of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: comparison of the commercialized MBT STAR -Carba IVD Kit with two in-house MALDI-TOF techniques and the RAPIDEC  CARBA NP.
Persistence of an outbreak of gonorrhoea with high-level resistance to azithromycin in England, November 2014-May 2018.
Detection of Antimicrobial Susceptibility and Integrons Among Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase Producing Uropathogenic Escherichia coli Isolates in Southwestern Iran.
Mediastinitis superinfected by Achromobacter xylosoxidans. A case report.
Stand-by antibiotics encourage unwarranted use of antibiotics for travelers \'  diarrhea: A prospective study.
Cutibacterium acnes (Propionibacterium acnes) and acne vulgaris: a brief look at the latest updates.
High Shedding Potential and Significant Individual Heterogeneity in Naturally-Infected Alpine ibex (Capra ibex) With Brucella melitensis.
Tetanus toxin fragments and Bcl-2 fusion proteins: cytoprotection and retrograde axonal migration.
Blooming of Unusual Cytochrome P450s by Tandem Duplication in the Pathogenic Fungus Conidiobolus coronatus.
Susceptibility among breeds of sheep experimentally infected with Leptospira interrogans Pomona serogroup.
Clostridium neonatale sp. nov. linked to necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates and a clarification of species assignable to the genus Clostridium (Prazmowski 1880) emend. Lawson and Rainey 2016.
An Outbreak of Rabbit Hemorrhagic Disease in Finland.
Usutu Virus Epizootic and Plasmodium Coinfection in Eurasian Blackbirds ( Turdus merula) in Flanders, Belgium.
Lactobacillus plantarum induces genomic DNA-dependent and TLR9-mediated elafin secretion from Caco-2 cells.
Structural Basis for Transcript Elongation Control by NusG Family Universal Regulators.
Sexual dimorphism of cardiometabolic dysfunction: Gut microbiome in the play?
SBP1 is an adhesion-associated factor without the involvement of virulence in Streptococcus suis serotype 2.
Detection of colistin-resistant Gram-negative rods by using the SuperPolymyxin medium.
Beyond Oxalobacter: the gut microbiota and kidney stone formation.
Early results for active infective endocarditis.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid Enhances the Effects of Mesenchymal Stromal Cell Therapy in Experimental Allergic Asthma.
Camel Bites: A Case Study with a Summary of Current Epidemiology, Injury Patterns, and Treatment Modalities.
High-dose daptomycin in patients with infective endocarditis or sternal wound infections.
Whole-genome-based revisit of Photorhabdus phylogeny: proposal for the elevation of most Photorhabdus subspecies to the species level and description of one novel species Photorhabdus bodei sp. nov., and one novel subspecies Photorhabdus laumondii subsp. clarkei subsp. nov.
The Herd-Level  Sensitivity of Abattoir Surveillance for Bovine Tuberculosis: Simulating the Effects of Current and Potentially Modified Meat Inspection Procedures in Irish Cattle.
A universal growth limit for circular lichens.
The effect of a commercial competitive exclusion product on the selection of enrofloxacin resistance in commensal E. coli in broilers.
Bistability in a system of two species interacting through mutualism as well as competition: Chemostat vs. Lotka-Volterra equations.
The anti-apoptotic and anti-inflammatory effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus on Shigella sonnei and Vibrio cholerae interaction with intestinal epithelial cells: A comparison between invasive and non-invasive bacteria.
An investigation into the Omp85 protein BamK in hypervirulent Klebsiella pneumoniae, and its role in outer membrane biogenesis.
The role of infectious agents in the development of porcine gastric ulceration.
Isolation of Brachyspira hyodysenteriae from a crow (Corvus corone) in close proximity to commercial pigs.
Laboratory confirmation of Buruli ulcer cases in Ghana, 2008-2016.
Genetic Basis and Clonal Population Structure of Antibiotic Resistance in Campylobacter jejuni Isolated From Broiler Carcasses in Belgium.
Few Differences in Metabolic Network Use Found Between Salmonella enterica Colonization of Plants and Typhoidal Mice.
INCREASING BURDEN OF ANTIMICROBIAL RESISTANCE IN PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA FROM ADULT PATIENTS WITH CYSTIC FIBROSIS (CF) IN NORTHERN IRELAND: THEN AND NOW.
Meningococcal Disease Section 4: Post Disease Complications, Charity Support and Future Perspectives: MeningoNI Forum (see page 87(2) 83 for full list of authors).
Meningococcal Disease Section 3: Diagnosis and Management: MeningoNI Forum (see page 87(2) 83 for full list of authors).
Meningococcal Disease Section 2: Epidemiology and Vaccination of Meningococcal Disease in Northern Ireland: MeningoNI Forum (see page 87(2) 83 for full list of authors).
Meningococcal Disease Section 1: Microbiology And Historical Perspective: MeningoNI Forum (see page 87(2) 83 for full list of authors).
Meningococcal Disease in Northern Ireland - Past, Present &amp; Future: MeningoNI Forum.
Effective thresholds for reporting suspicions and improve early detection of avian influenza outbreaks in layer chickens.
Genetic and Biochemical Characterization of OXA-519, a Novel OXA-48-Like beta-Lactamase.
Tetanus in a partially immunized child.
Expansion of the Clostridium perfringens toxin-based typing scheme.
The intractable challenge of evaluating cattle vaccination as a control for bovine Tuberculosis.
Disbiome database: linking the microbiome to disease.
A new kit to detect Campylobacter species in stool specimens: the Orion GenRead Campylobacter .
Leptospiral 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase as an early urinary biomarker of leptospirosis.
Surfaces and Air Bacteriology of Selected Wards at a Referral Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
The inhibitory effect of the combination of two new peptides on biofilm formation by Acinetobacter baumannii.
Optimization of incubation conditions of Plasmodium falciparum antibody multiplex assays to measure IgG, IgG1-4, IgM and IgE using standard and customized reference pools for sero-epidemiological and vaccine studies.
Whole-genome sequencing of NDM-1-producing ST85 Acinetobacter baumannii isolates from Tunisia.
Positions 299 and 302 of the GerAA subunit are important for function of the GerA spore germination receptor in Bacillus subtilis.
Inhibitory effects of Myricetin derivatives on curli-dependent biofilm formation in Escherichia coli.
The mechanism of two-phase motility in the spirochete Leptospira: Swimming and crawling.
A Psittacosis Outbreak among English Office Workers with Little or No Contact with Birds, August 2015.
Concept Inventory Development Reveals Common Student Misconceptions about Microbiology.
Comparison between the Effects of Oral and Intramuscular Administration of Shin \' iseihaito (Xinyiqingfeitang) in a Streptococcus pyogenes-Induced Murine Sinusitis Model.
Draft Genome Sequence of Saccharospirillum sp. Strain MSK14-1, Isolated from Surface Seawater Collected at Aburatsubo Inlet in Japan.
Complete Genome Sequences of Two Escherichia Phages Isolated from Wastewater in Finland.
Effects of bacterial pollution caused by a strong typhoon event and the restoration of a recreational beach: Transitions of fecal bacterial counts and bacterial flora in beach sand.
Cumulative protective efficacy of rZot and rAce combination in challenge experiments with wild type Vibrio cholerae in mouse model.
Multiple Chemical Sensitivity: Review of the State of the Art in Epidemiology, Diagnosis, and Future Perspectives.
Development of probe-based real-time loop-mediated isothermal amplification for detection of Brucella.
Compositional and structural dynamics of the ruminal microbiota in dairy heifers and its relationship to methane production.
Correlation of occurrence of infection in burn patients.
Model Communities Hint at Promiscuous Metabolic Linkages between Ubiquitous Free-Living Freshwater Bacteria.
A common antimicrobial additive increases colonic inflammation and colitis-associated colon tumorigenesis in mice.
Serologic Evidence of Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus Infection in a Patient with Suspected Lyme Disease in Japan.
Comparative analysis of humoral immune responses and pathologies of BALB/c and C57BL/6 wildtype mice experimentally infected with a highly virulent Rodentibacter pneumotropicus (Pasteurella pneumotropica) strain.
Urinary tract infection attributed to Escherichia coli isolated from participants attending an unorganized gathering.
C-terminal intrinsically disordered region-dependent organization of the mycobacterial genome by a histone-like protein.
Naturally occurring a loss of a giant plasmid from Mycobacterium ulcerans subsp. shinshuense makes it non-pathogenic.
Fungal Isocyanide Synthases and Xanthocillin Biosynthesis in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Saturated Fat Is More Metabolically Harmful for the Human Liver Than Unsaturated Fat or Simple Sugars.
Chlamydia psittaci and C. avium in feral pigeon (Columba livia domestica) droppings in two cities in the Netherlands.
Characterization of quinolone-resistant Enterobacteriaceae strains isolated from poultry in Western Algeria: First report of qnrS in an Enterobacter cloacae.
Standardization and application of real-time polymerase chain reaction for rapid detection of bluetongue virus.
Molecular typing of Staphylococcus aureus based on coagulase gene.
Answer to June 2018 Photo Quiz.
Photo Quiz: A Fishy Tale of Endocarditis.
Optimization of type 3 protein secretion in enteropathogenic Escherichia coli.
Electroactive Mg2+-Hydroxyapatite Nanostructured Networks against Drug-Resistant Bone Infection Strains.
Occurrence and characterization of extended-spectrum cephalosporin-resistant Enterobacteriaceae in healthy household dogs in Greece.
Symbiont-mediated competition: Xenorhabdus bovienii confer an advantage to their nematode host Steinernema affine by killing competitor Steinernema feltiae.
[The bacteriologic features of recurrent acute rhinosinusitis].
A single dose of intravenous combretastatin A4-phosphate is reasonably well tolerated and significantly reduces tumour vascularization in canine spontaneous cancers.
Rapid detection and differentiation of Staphylococcus colonies using an optical scattering technology.
Phylogenomics reveals multiple losses of nitrogen-fixing root nodule symbiosis.
Commercial Frozen Mice Used by Owners to Feed Reptiles are Highly Externally Contaminated with Salmonella Enteritidis PT8.
Prevalence of CTX-M-Type Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamase-Producing Escherichia coli B2-O25-ST131 H30R Among Residents in Nonacute Care Facilities in Japan.
The analysis of microbial spectrum and antibiotic resistance of uropathogens isolated from patients with urinary stones.
Effects of Psidium guajava leaf extract on secretion systems of Gram-negative enteropathogenic bacteria.
T7 phage factor required for managing RpoS in Escherichia coli.
Conserved Responses in a War of Small Molecules between a Plant-Pathogenic Bacterium and Fungi.
Diagnostic tools of caprine and ovine anaplasmosis: a direct comparative study.
Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps is characterized by dysbacteriosis of the nasal microbiota.
Carbapenem-Nonsusceptible Haemophilus influenzae with Penicillin-Binding Protein 3 Containing an Amino Acid Insertion.
Quantitative study about the role of environmental conditions in the survival capability of multidrug-resistant bacteria.
Evaluation of adenosine triphosphate test for cleaning assessment of gastroscopes and the effect on workload in a busy endoscopy center.
Effect of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Japan.
Presence of Helicobacter and Campylobacter species in faecal samples from zoo mammals.
VNTR analysis demonstrates new patterns and high genetic diversity of Leptospira sp. of animal origin in Brazil.
Activity of acetyltransferase toxins involved in Salmonella persister formation during macrophage infection.
Development of an opsonophagocytic killing assay for group a streptococcus.
Fecal Aliquot Straw Technique (FAST) allows for easy and reproducible subsampling: assessing interpersonal variation in trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) accumulation.
Development and worldwide use of non-lethal, and minimal population-level impact, protocols for the isolation of amphibian chytrid fungi.
Complete Genome Sequence of Mycobacterium marinum ATCC 927T, Obtained Using Nanopore and Illumina Sequencing Technologies.
Multiplex hydrolysis-probe assay for the simultaneous detection of Theileria equi and Babesia caballi infections in equids.
Bordetella pertussis population dynamics and phylogeny in Japan after adoption of acellular pertussis vaccines.
High isolation rate and multidrug resistance tendency of penicillin-susceptible group B Streptococcus with reduced ceftibuten susceptibility in Japan.
Basic Fibroblast Growth Factor Fused with Tandem Collagen-Binding Domains from Clostridium histolyticum Collagenase ColG Increases Bone Formation.
Genomic and functional characterisation of IncX3 plasmids encoding blaSHV-12 in Escherichia coli from human and animal origin.
CRISPR/Cas9/sgRNA-mediated targeted gene modification confirms the cause-effect relationship between gyrA mutation and quinolone resistance in Escherichia coli.
The antimicrobial activity of probiotic bacteria Escherichia coli isolated from different natural sources against hemorrhagic E. coli O157:H7.
Biodiversity of Environmental Leptospira: Improving Identification and Revisiting the Diagnosis.
Fast identification of dermatophytes by MALDI-TOF/MS using direct transfer of fungal cells on ground steel target plates.
Role of SdiA on Biofilm Formation by Atypical Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli.
Temporal Manipulation of Mitochondrial Function by Virulent Francisella tularensis To Limit Inflammation and Control Cell Death.
A Multimodal Imaging Approach Enables In Vivo Assessment of Antifungal Treatment in a Mouse Model of Invasive Pulmonary Aspergillosis.
Kaempferol alleviates palmitic acid-induced lipid stores, endoplasmic reticulum stress and pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction through AMPK/mTOR-mediated lipophagy.
Molecular and Phenotypic Analysis of Hemolytic Aeromonas Strains Isolated from Food in Egypt Revealed Clinically Important Multidrug Resistance and Virulence Profiles.
Two cases of acute pneumococcal purulent arthritis.
Synthesis of Silica-coated Iron Oxide Nanoparticles: Preventing Aggregation without Using Additives or Seed Pretreatment.
Corrigendum to "Transposon-associated lincosamide resistance lnu(C) gene identified in Brachyspira hyodysenteriae ST83" [Vet. Microbiol. 214 (2018) 51-55].
Sanitation of Staphylococcus aureus genotype B-positive dairy herds: A field study.
Selenate sensitivity of a laeA mutant is restored by overexpression of the bZIP protein MetR in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Ses proteins as possible targets for vaccine development against Staphylococcus epidermidis infections.
A requirement for septins and the autophagy receptor p62 in the proliferation of intracellular Shigella.
Bovine TB infection status in Great Britain in 2016.
High-resolution melting PCR analysis for rapid genotyping of Burkholderia mallei.
Bacteriological relevance of linezolid vs. vancomycin in postoperative empirical treatment of osteoarticular infections: a retrospective single-center study.
RitR is an archetype for a novel family of redox sensors in the streptococci that has evolved from two-component response regulators and is required for pneumococcal colonization.
Genome-wide mRNA-miRNA profiling uncovers a role of the microRNA miR-29b-1-5p/PHLPP1 signalling pathway in Helicobacter pylori-driven matrix metalloproteinase production in gastric epithelial cells.
Complete Genome Sequence of Geobacter sulfurreducens Strain YM18, Isolated from River Sediment in Japan.
Recent Asian origin of chytrid fungi causing global amphibian declines.
Bacterial Autophagy: How to Take a Complement.
Host Response to Staphylococcus aureus Quorum Sensing Is NO.
Clinical, virological and epidemiological characterization of an outbreak of Testudinid Herpesvirus 3 in a chelonian captive breeding facility: Lessons learned and first evidence of TeHV3 vertical transmission.
Turbidimetric Assessment of the Growth of Filamentous Fungi and the Antifungal Activity of Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles.
Transcriptome analysis in whole blood reveals increased microbial diversity in schizophrenia.
Arterial stiffness in adults with steady-state bronchiectasis: association with clinical indices and disease severity.
Grommets (ventilation tubes) for recurrent acute otitis media in children.
Biomarkers for monitoring intestinal health in poultry: present status and future perspectives.
Antisense transcription in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Titanium granules pre-treated with hydrogen peroxide inhibit growth of bacteria associated with post-operative infections in spine surgery.
A Misdiagnosed Complication of a Metal-on-Metal Total Hip Arthroplasty.
Impact of Active Metabolism on Chlamydia trachomatis Elementary Body Transcript Profile and Infectivity.
Thirteen-year experience with universal Staphylococcus aureus nasal decolonization prior to cardiac surgery: a quasi-experimental study.
Prevalence of Clinically Isolated Metallo-beta-lactamase-producing Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Coding Genes, and Possible Risk Factors in Iran.
A case of Lyme disease in a Japanese woman.
Nasal mucosa and blood cell transcriptome profiles do not reflect respiratory symptoms associated with moisture damage.
Response to a Salmonella Enteritidis challenge in old laying hens with different vaccination histories.
Development of a melting-curve based multiplex real-time PCR assay for simultaneous detection of Streptococcus agalactiae and genes encoding resistance to macrolides and lincosamides.
Leptospirosis is strongly associated to estrus repetition on cattle.
Structures of chaperone-substrate complexes docked onto the export gate in a type III secretion system.
Global Distribution of Invasive Serotype 35D Streptococcus pneumoniae Isolates following Introduction of 13-Valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine.
Clinical and Bacteriologic Analysis of Nontypeable Haemophilus influenzae Strains Isolated from Children with Invasive Diseases in Japan from 2008 to 2015.
Individual and contextual risk factors for chikungunya virus infection: the SEROCHIK cross-sectional population-based study.
Peptidoglycan and Lipoteichoic Acid Induces Differential mRNA Response of Immune-Related Genes in PBMC of Crossbred, Tharparkar Cattle and Murrah Buffalo.
A Novel PhoP/PhoQ Regulation Pathway Modulates the Survival of Extraintestinal Pathogenic Escherichia coli in Macrophages.
StpA and Hha stimulate pausing by RNA polymerase by promoting DNA-DNA bridging of H-NS filaments.
Surveillance of antimicrobial resistance in Neisseria meningitidis strains isolated from invasive cases in Brazil from 2009 to 2016.
Differentiation of Brachyspira spp. isolated from laying hens using PCR-based methods and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry.
Regulation of Flagellum Biosynthesis in Response to Cell Envelope Stress in Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhimurium.
The Novel Small Molecule STK899704 Promotes Senescence of the Human A549 NSCLC Cells by Inducing DNA Damage Responses and Cell Cycle Arrest.
High-density lipoprotein suppresses tumor necrosis factor alpha production by mycobacteria-infected human macrophages.
Bacteriology and Comorbidities in Patients Requiring Surgical Management of Empyema.
Keystone taxa predict compositional change in microbial communities.
Distribution of exogenous complement factor H in mice in vivo.
Long-term study showed that vaccination protected paediatric renal transplant recipients from life-threatening varicella zoster virus.
Detection of EGFR Variants in Plasma: A Multilaboratory Comparison of a Real-Time PCR EGFR Mutation Test in Europe.
Accumulation of 24 nucleotide transgene-derived siRNAs is associated with crinivirus immunity in transgenic plants.
Genome sequence of Mycobacterium yongonense RT 955-2015 isolate from a patient misdiagnosed with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: First clinical detection in Tanzania.
Severe laryngeal and pulmonary tuberculosis under anti-TNF-alpha therapy.
Despite antibiotic treatment of travellers \'  diarrhoea, pathogens are found in stools from half of travellers at return.
Adverse events of fluoroquinolones vs. other antimicrobials prescribed in primary care: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The epidemiology of Brucellosis in Greece, 2007-2012: a  \' One Health \'  approach.
Relationship between Salmonella infection, shedding and serology in fattening pigs in low-moderate prevalence areas.
Comparative analyses and structural insights of the novel cytochrome P450 fusion protein family CYP5619 in Oomycetes.
Complete Genome Sequence of Sphingobium sp. Strain YG1, a Lignin Model Dimer-Metabolizing Bacterium Isolated from Sediment in Kagoshima Bay, Japan.
Elevated urinary excretion of free pyridinoline in Friesian horses suggests a breed-specific increase in collagen degradation.
Experimental bovine rotavirus-A (RV-A)infection causes intestinal and extra-intestinal pathology in suckling mice.
Call for shift in Helicobacter pylori treatment.
Bacterial biofilms: a possible mechanism for chronic infection in patients with lumbar disc herniation - a prospective proof-of-concept study using fluorescence in situ hybridization.
Towards European harmonisation of contagious equine metritis diagnosis through interlaboratory trials.
Necrotizing Pneumonia Caused by Chromobacterium violaceum: Report of a Rare Human Pathogen Causing Disease in an Immunodeficient Child.
Elucidating differential nano-bio interactions of multi-walled andsingle-walled carbon nanotubes using subcellular proteomics.
A 4.5-Year Within-Patient Evolution of a Colistin-Resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae Carbapenemase-Producing K. pneumoniae Sequence Type 258.
Changes in the prevalence of Salmonella serovars associated swine production and correlations of avian, bovine and swine-associated serovars with human-associated serovars in the United States (1997-2015).
Evaluation of a Commercial Immuno-Chromatographic Assay Kit for Rapid Detection of IgM Antibodies against Leptospira Antigen in Human Serum.
Enterobacter cloacae Complex Isolated from Shrimps from Vietnam Carrying blaIMI-1 Resistant to Carbapenems but Not Cephalosporins.
The Two-Component Signaling System VraSRss Is Critical for Multidrug Resistance and Full Virulence in Streptococcus suis Serotype 2.
Prophage phiv142-3 enhances the colonization and resistance to environmental stresses of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli.
Oral vaccination with a live Salmonella Enteritidis/Typhimurium bivalent vaccine in layers induces cross-protection against caecal and internal organ colonization by a Salmonella Infantis strain.
Potential transmission routes of Dichelobacter nodosus.
Draft genome sequence of field isolate Brucella melitensis strain 2007BM/1 from India.
Genetic characterisation of class 1 integrons among multidrug-resistant Salmonella serotypes in broiler chicken farms.
Duodenoscopy: an amplifier of cross-transmission during a carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae outbreak in a gastroenterology pathway.
The presence of colistin resistance gene mcr-1 and -3 in ESBL producing Escherichia coli isolated from food in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Inflammatory biomarkers in saliva and serum of patients with rheumatoid arthritis with respect to periodontal status.
Adaptive Immunity to Francisella tularensis and Considerations for Vaccine Development.
To Place or Not to Place: Toward an Environmental History of Modern Medicine.
Prevalence and risk factors associated with bovine brucellosis in herds under extensive production system in southwestern Nigeria.
Cystic tumors of the pituitary infundibulum: seminal autopsy specimens (1899 to 1904) that allowed clinical-pathological craniopharyngioma characterization.
Influence of sampling technique and bedding type on the milk microbiota: Results of a pilot study.
Characterisation of a novel plasmid containing a florfenicol resistance gene in Haemophilus parasuis.
Cyclooxygenase-1 and -2 Play Contrasting Roles in Listeria-Stimulated Immunity.
Analysis of the Relationship between Alternative Respiration and Sterigmatocystin Formation in Aspergillus nidulans.
Lipid Biosynthesis as an Antifungal Target.
Comment on "First-Line Helicobacter pylori Eradication with Vonoprazan, Clarithromycin, and Metronidazole in Patients Allergic to Penicillin".
First Complete Genome Sequence of a Feline Morbillivirus Isolate from Germany.
Draft Genome Sequence of a Highly Resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae Serotype 15A Strain Isolated from Blood.
Phylogenetic and Phylogenomic Definition of Rhizopus Species.
Quality assurance for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Neisseria gonorrhoeae in Latin American and Caribbean countries, 2013-2015.
Diverse toxic effectors are harbored by vgrG islands for interbacterial antagonism in type VI secretion system.
Carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in Mexico: report of seven non-clonal cases in a pediatric hospital.
Antibiotic interceptors: Creating safe spaces for bacteria.
Galactomannan, a Surrogate Marker for Outcome in Invasive Aspergillosis: Finally Coming of Age.
Genomic context of resistance genes within a French clinical MDR Proteus mirabilis: identification of the novel genomic resistance island GIPmi1.
Actin polymerization in the endosomal pathway, but not on the Coxiella-containing vacuole, is essential for pathogen growth.
Case of seasonal reassortant A(H1N2) influenza virus infection, the Netherlands, March 2018.
Enhancement of anti-tubercular activity and biomass of fermented food associated Staphylococcus hominis strain MANF2 using Taguchi orthogonal array and Box-Behnken design.
Defective RNA particles derived from Tomato black ring virus genome interfere with the replication of parental virus.
High Prevalence of Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamase Producing Enterobacteriaceae Among Clinical Isolates From Cats and Dogs Admitted to a Veterinary Hospital in Switzerland.
DEC205 mediates local and systemic immune responses to Helicobacter pylori infection in humans.
Basis of Virulence in Enterotoxin-Mediated Staphylococcal Food Poisoning.
A Coxiella burnetii phospholipase A homolog pldA is required for optimal growth in macrophages and developmental form lipid remodeling.
In vivo effect of a TLR5 SNP (C1205T) on Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium infection in weaned, specific pathogen-free Landrace piglets.
Submicroscopic Plasmodium falciparum parasitaemia in human immunodeficiency virus-infected adults living in Gabon (Central Africa)-a pilot study.
Two new Salmonella genomic islands 1 from Proteus mirabilis and description of blaCTX-M-15 on a variant (SGI1-K7).
Bacteriology and risk factors associated with periprosthetic joint infection after primary total knee arthroplasty: retrospective study of 2543 cases.
Dual Role of Humic Substances As Electron Donor and Shuttle for Dissimilatory Iron Reduction.
Risk factors for fecal carriage of IMP-6-producing Enterobacteriaceae at a long-term care hospital in Japan: A follow-up report from the northern Osaka multicentre study group.
Establishing the diagnosis of chronic colonization with Pseudomonas aeruginosa of cystic fibrosis patients: Comparison of the European consensus criteria with genotyping of P. aeruginosa isolates.
Ag85A-specific CD4+ T cell lines derived after boosting BCG-vaccinated cattle with Ad5-85A possess both mycobacterial growth inhibition and anti-inflammatory properties.
Update on Cancer Treatment in Exotics.
Antifungal Therapy in Birds: Old Drugs in a New Jacket.
Shigella infection in children under 5 years old in western French Guiana.
Carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae in wildlife, food-producing, and companion animals: a systematic review.
A Standard Method To Inactivate Bacillus anthracis Spores to Sterility via Gamma Irradiation.
Changes in Macrolide Resistance Among Group A Streptococci in Serbia and Clonal Evolution of Resistant Isolates.
Intestinal Microbiota in Hirschsprung Disease.
Actual diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Antimicrobial Resistance in Chlamydiales, Rickettsia, Coxiella, and Other Intracellular Pathogens.
Distribution of invasive Streptococcus pneumoniae serotypes before and 5 years after the introduction of 10-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in Brazil.
Characterising resuscitation promoting factor fluorescent-fusions in mycobacteria.
Orthogonal typing methods identify genetic diversity among Belgian Campylobacter jejuni strains isolated over a decade from poultry and cases of sporadic human illness.
Ciprofloxacin and nalidixic acid resistance of Salmonella spp. isolated from retail food in Poland.
Point-of-care and point-of- \' can \' : leveraging reference-laboratory capacity for integrated diagnosis of fever syndromes in the tropics.
Serious phlegmonous lesion of the hand following an injury by vegetal thorn: Never forget Pasteurella multocida!
Poultry hatcheries as potential reservoirs for antimicrobial-resistant Escherichia coli: A risk to public health and food safety.
Occurrence of Salmonella genomic island 1 (SGI1) in two African Proteus mirabilis strains isolated from diseased chicken flocks.
The status of cryptococcosis in Latin America.
Helicobacter suis binding to carbohydrates on human and porcine gastric mucins and glycolipids occurs via two modes.
Leptospira interrogans Secreted Proteases Degrade Extracellular Matrix and Plasma Proteins From the Host.
Prediction of Phenotypic Antimicrobial Resistance Profiles From Whole Genome Sequences of Non-typhoidal Salmonella enterica.
In-feed bambermycin medication induces anti-inflammatory effects and prevents parietal cell loss without influencing Helicobacter suis colonization in the stomach of mice.
Pressure ulcer-related pelvic osteomyelitis: evaluation of a two-stage surgical strategy (debridement, negative pressure therapy and flap coverage) with prolonged antimicrobial therapy.
Antibiotic resistance phenotypes and virulence-associated genes in Escherichia coli isolated from animals and animal food products in Tunisia.
Leptospiral flagellar sheath protein FcpA interacts with FlaA2 and FlaB1 in Leptospira biflexa.
Chitin-induced T6SS in Vibrio cholerae is dependent on ChiS activation.
Colonization of medical devices by staphylococci.
Borrelia burgdorferi SpoVG DNA- and RNA-Binding Protein Modulates the Physiology of the Lyme Disease Spirochete.
Intracellular complement activation-An alarm raising mechanism?
Clostridium perfringens panophthalmitis and orbital cellulitis: a case report.
Effectiveness and safety of late midtrimester cervical cerclage.
Identification of the First Diketomorpholine Biosynthetic Pathway Using FAC-MS Technology.
Dynamics of cholera epidemics from Benin to Mauritania.
Evaluation of the Knowledge and Attitudes of Dental Students toward Occupational Blood Exposure Accidents at the End of the Dental Training Program.
Chitosan nanoparticle antigen uptake in epithelial monolayers can predict mucosal but not systemic in vivo immune response by oral delivery.
Occurrence of Clostridium difficile infections in Serbia and high proportion of PCR ribotype 027 strains in two hospitals in Belgrade.
Decrease in the prevalence of extended-spectrum cephalosporin-resistant Salmonella following cessation of ceftiofur use by the Japanese poultry industry.
A nutrient-dependent division antagonist is regulated post-translationally by the Clp proteases in Bacillus subtilis.
High doses of Antisecretory Factor stop diarrhea fast without recurrence for six weeks post treatment.
Neutrophil elastase correlates with increased sphingolipid content in cystic fibrosis sputum.
Population Genomics of Francisella tularensis subsp. holarctica and its Implication on the Eco-Epidemiology of Tularemia in Switzerland.
Draft Genome Sequence of Candida pseudohaemulonii Isolated from the Blood of a Neutropenic Patient.
Infection history of the blood-meal host dictates pathogenic potential of the Lyme disease spirochete within the feeding tick vector.
Expert Opinion on Three Phage Therapy Related Topics: Bacterial Phage Resistance, Phage Training and Prophages in Bacterial Production Strains.
Postgenomics Characterization of an Essential Genetic Determinant of Mammary Pathogenic Escherichia coli.
Targeting Coagulase Activity in Staphylococcus aureus Bacteraemia: A Randomized Controlled Single-Centre Trial of Staphylothrombin Inhibition.
Assessment of appropriate carbapenem prescribing in stewardship programmes.
Genomic Characterization of Sixteen Yersinia enterocolitica-Infecting Podoviruses of Pig Origin.
Sero-epidemiology of human immunodeficiency virus, hepatitis B virus and hepatitis C virus: a cross-sectional survey in a rural setting of the West region of Cameroon.
High mitochondrial sequence divergence in synanthropic flea species (Insecta: Siphonaptera) from Europe and the Mediterranean.
Low Incidence of Esophageal Adenocarcinoma After Eradication of Helicobacter pylori in Japan.
Long-Lived Folding Intermediates Predominate the Targeting-Competent Secretome.
Invasive meningococcal disease due to a non-capsulated Neisseria meningitidis strain in a patient with IgG4-related disease.
Hepatozoon martis n. sp. (Adeleorina: Hepatozoidae): Morphological and pathological features of a Hepatozoon species infecting martens (family Mustelidae).
Rapid identification of carbapenemase-type blaGES and ESBL-type blaGES using multiplex PCR.
Bacteriology of the Buttonhole Cannulation Tract in Hemodialysis Patients: A Prospective Cohort Study.
A new multiplex real-time TaqMan  PCR for quantification of Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae, M. hyorhinis and M. flocculare: exploratory epidemiological investigations to research mycoplasmal association in enzootic pneumonia-like lesions in slaughtered pigs.
Association of neutrophil morphology with bacterial isolates in equine tracheal wash samples.
Sensitive and Specific Recombinase Polymerase Amplification Assays for Fast Screening, Detection, and Identification of Bacillus anthracis in a Field Setting.
Group A Streptococcus infections in children: from virulence to clinical management.
Lead poisoning and other human-related factors cause significant mortality in white-tailed eagles.
Autogenous vaccination reduces antimicrobial usage and mortality rates in a herd facing severe exudative epidermitis outbreaks in weaned pigs.
TagF-mediated repression of bacterial type VI secretion systems involves a direct interaction with the cytoplasmic protein Fha.
Correction for Tiba-Casas et al., "Draft Genome Sequence of a Pathogenic Vibrio vulnificus Strain Isolated in Brazil".
Draft Genome Sequence of an NDM-1- and KPC-2-Coproducing Hypervirulent Carbapenem-Resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae Strain Isolated from Burn Wound Infections.
Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis-Derived Measurements in Chronic Hepatitis C: Clinical Relevance of Fat-Free Mass and Phase Angle Evaluation.
Quantitative N-glycoproteomics reveals altered glycosylation levels of various plasma proteins in bloodstream infected patients.
Effect of Early-Life Treatment of Piglets with Long-Acting Ceftiofur on Colonization of Streptococcus suis Serotype 7 and Elicitation of Specific Humoral Immunity in a Farm Dealing with Streptococcal Diseases.
Postoperative Infection in Patients Undergoing Posterior Lumbosacral Spinal Surgery: A Pictorial Guide for Diagnosis and Early Treatment.
Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification Methods for Diagnosis of Bacterial Meningitis.
Characterization of isolates of Bordetella bronchiseptica from horses.
Three Hcp homologs with divergent extended loop regions exhibit different functions in avian pathogenic Escherichia coli.
Escherichia coli H-Genotyping PCR: a Complete and Practical Platform for Molecular H Typing.
Use of zebrafish to study Shigella infection.
Robust Phagocyte Recruitment Controls the Opportunistic Fungal Pathogen Mucor circinelloides in Innate Granulomas In Vivo.
The Light Chain Defines the Duration of Action of Botulinum Toxin Serotype A Subtypes.
Wisconsin microbiome study, a cross-sectional investigation of dietary fibre, microbiome composition and antibiotic-resistant organisms: rationale and methods.
Efficacy of Fine-Needle Aspiration Cytology in the Diagnosis of Tuberculous Cervical Lymphadenitis.
Molecular characterization, antibiotic resistance pattern and biofilm formation of Vibrio parahaemolyticus and V. cholerae isolated from crustaceans and humans.
Genomic diversity of Taylorella equigenitalis introduced into the United States from 1978 to 2012.
Molecular mechanisms of Streptococcus pneumoniae-targeted autophagy via pneumolysin, Golgi-resident Rab41, and Nedd4-1-mediated K63-linked ubiquitination.
Th-17 response and antimicrobial peptide expression are uniformly expressed in gastric mucosa of Helicobacter pylori-infected patients independently of their clinical outcomes.
Effect of Vegan Fecal Microbiota Transplantation on Carnitine- and Choline-Derived Trimethylamine-N-Oxide Production and Vascular Inflammation in Patients With Metabolic Syndrome.
Molecular Characterization of OXA-198 Carbapenemase-Producing Pseudomonas aeruginosa Clinical Isolates.
Helicobacter pylori therapy and clinical perspective.
No lower bacterial adhesion for ceramics compared to other biomaterials: An in vitro analysis.
Development of diagnostic prediction tools for bacteraemia caused by third-generation cephalosporin-resistant enterobacteria in suspected bacterial infections: a nested case-control study.
Small RNA Esr41 inversely regulates expression of LEE and flagellar genes in enterohaemorrhagic Escherichia coli.
Positive Bacteriological Analyses in Individuals With Diabetes Mellitus: Preliminary Results From a Forensic Study.
Flea market finds and global exports: Four multistate outbreaks of human Salmonella infections linked to small turtles, United States-2015.
Phylogeography of Diaphorina citri (Hemiptera: Liviidae) and its primary endosymbiont,  \' Candidatus Carsonella ruddii \' : an evolutionary approach to host-endosymbiont interaction.
Diagnostic value of serum galactomannan, (1,3)-beta-d-glucan, and Aspergillus fumigatus-specific IgA and IgG assays for invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in non-neutropenic patients.
The anuran skin peptide bradykinin mediates its own absorption across epithelial barriers of the digestive tract.
Taking forward the Stop TB Partnership and World Health Organization Joint Theme for World TB Day March 24th 2018 - "Wanted: Leaders for a TB-Free World. You can make history. End TB".
A Study and Review of Effects of Botulinum Toxins on Mast Cell Dependent and Independent Pruritus.
Emergence of Nontuberculous Mycobacterial Lymphadenitis in Children After the Discontinuation of Mandatory Bacillus Calmette and GuErin Immunization in France.
Use of an immunochromatographic assay for rapid identification of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex clinical isolates in routine diagnosis.
Complete Genome Sequence of the Live Attenuated Vaccine Strain Brucella melitensis Rev.1.
Treatment outcome definitions in nontuberculous mycobacterial pulmonary disease: an NTM-NET consensus statement.
A vertical flow paper-microarray assay with isothermal DNA amplification for detection of Neisseria meningitidis.
Action and function of Akkermansia muciniphila in microbiome ecology, health and disease.
Antimicrobial activity of ellagic acid against Helicobacter pylori isolates from India and during infections in mice.
CoIN: co-inducible nitrate expression system for secondary metabolites in Aspergillus nidulans.
Untargeted metabolomics identifies trimethyllysine, a TMAO-producing nutrient precursor, as a predictor of incident cardiovascular disease risk.
Reproducibility and repeatability of six high-throughput 16S rDNA sequencing protocols for microbiota profiling.
Valeric acid glyceride esters in feed promote broiler performance and reduce the incidence of necrotic enteritis.
Clinical and histologic features of Mycoplasma pneumoniae-related erythema multiforme: A single-center series of 33 cases compared with 100 cases induced by other causes.
Acute fulminant necrotizing myopathy in a dog caused by co-infection with ultrastructural Sarcocystis caninum and Sarcocystis svanai-like apicomplexan protozoa.
Balancing knowledge and basic principles in veterinary parasitology - Competencies for future Danish veterinary graduates.
A meta-analysis of synovial biomarkers in periprosthetic joint infection: Synovasure  is less effective than the ELISA-based alpha-defensin test.
Molecular Characterization of Mycobacterium avium subsp. hominissuis of Two Groups of Lymph Nodes, Being Intradermal Tuberculin or Interferon-Gamma Test Positive and Negative, Isolated from Swiss Cattle at Slaughter.
Presence of a Haloarchaeal Halorhodopsin-Like Cl- Pump in Marine Bacteria.
Prevalence of carriage of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing enterobacteria and associated factors in a French hospital.
Evaluation of the Carbapenem Detection Set  for the detection and characterization of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae.
Substrate Shift Reveals Roles for Members of Bacterial Consortia in Degradation of Plant Cell Wall Polymers.
Streptococcus equi: breaking its strangles-hold.
Cutibacterium acnes molecular typing: time to standardize the method.
Comprehensive subcellular topologies of polypeptides in Streptomyces.
Chlamydia trachomatis inclusion membrane protein MrcA interacts with the inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor type 3 (ITPR3) to regulate extrusion formation.
Immune Evasion Mechanisms of Staphylococcus epidermidis Biofilm Infection.
The Incidence of Pediatric Invasive Bacterial Diseases in Nippon Medical School Chiba Hokusoh Hospital before and after the Introduction of Conjugate Vaccines.
N4-cytosine DNA methylation regulates transcription and pathogenesis in Helicobacter pylori.
Developing collaborative works for faster progress on fungal respiratory infections in cystic fibrosis.
Fungal infections in animals: a patchwork of different situations.
Newly identified colistin resistance genes, mcr-4 and mcr-5, from upper and lower alimentary tract of pigs and poultry in China.
The phorbol 12-myristate-13-acetate differentiation protocol is critical to the interaction of THP-1 macrophages with Salmonella Typhimurium.
Occurrence of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in waters: implications for patients with cystic fibrosis (CF).
Gas-forming pyogenic liver abscess: A world review.
Antibody-Mediated Killing of Carbapenem-Resistant ST258 Klebsiella pneumoniae by Human Neutrophils.
Predicting the Susceptibility of Meningococcal Serogroup B Isolates to Bactericidal Antibodies Elicited by Bivalent rLP2086, a Novel Prophylactic Vaccine.
Interrogation of Benzomalvin Biosynthesis Using Fungal Artificial Chromosomes with Metabolomic Scoring (FAC-MS): Discovery of a Benzodiazepine Synthase Activity.
Mechanism of inhibition of Shiga-toxigenic Escherichia coli SubAB cytotoxicity by steroids and diacylglycerol analogues.
Corrigendum: Clostridium chauvoei, an Evolutionary Dead-End Pathogen.
RAIL: A new tool for defining bacterial promoter regions.
Epidemiology, risk factors and outcomes of multi-drug-resistant bloodstream infections in haematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients: importance of previous gut colonization.
Cross-linked peptide identification: A computational forest of algorithms.
Late Reinfection May Recur More Than 5 Years After Reimplantation of THA and TKA: Analysis of Pathogen Factors.
Successful Treatment of Intestinal Mycosis Caused by a Simultaneous Infection with Lichtheimia ramosa and Aspergillus calidoustus.
Molecular characteristics of multiple and extensive drug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii isolates obtained from hospitalized patients in Southwestern Iran.
Circulating pathogen-specific plasmablasts in female patients with upper genital tract infection.
Assessment of the safety of Bacillus Calmette-Guerin vaccine administered orally to badgers (Meles meles).
Messages from the second International Conference on Clinical Metagenomics (ICCMg2).
Rapid and easy detection of low-level resistance to vancomycin in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus by matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry.
Profile and Antibiotic Susceptibility of Bacteria Isolates in Burn Patients Hospitalized in a Moroccan Hospital: A Cross-sectional Study.
Immune cell landscape in therapy-naive squamous cell and adenocarcinomas of the lung.
Clinical bacteriology in low-resource settings: today \' s solutions.
Antimicrobial resistance, multilocus sequence types and virulence profiles of ESBL producing and non-ESBL producing uropathogenic Escherichia coli isolated from cats and dogs in Switzerland.
Semen as a source of Mycoplasma bovis mastitis in dairy herds.
Identification of Arcanobacterium phocae isolated from fur animals by phenotypic properties, by MALDI-TOF MS analysis and by detection of phocaelysin encoding gene phl as probable novel target.
Characterization and functional analysis of PnuC that is involved in the oxidative stress tolerance and virulence of Streptococcus suis serotype 2.
Prevalence of ESBL/AmpC genes and specific clones among the third-generation cephalosporin-resistant Enterobacteriaceae from canine and feline clinical specimens in Japan.
Molecular epidemiology of NDM-1- and OXA-48-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in an Iranian hospital: clonal dissemination of ST11 and ST893.
Increase of Neisseria meningitidis W:cc11 invasive disease in Chile has no correlation with carriage in adolescents.
Uric acid levels in patients on antituberculosis drugs in the southwest Region of Cameroon.
Enhancing antimycobacterial activity of isoniazid and rifampicin incorporated norbornene nanoparticles.
In vitro activity of seven hospital biocides against Mycobacterium abscessus: Implications for patients with cystic fibrosis.
Osteomyelitis of the jaw: time to rethink the bone sampling strategy?
Sero-prevalence of Helicobacter pylori Infection in Neyshabur, Iran, During 2010-2015.
High Prevalence of Intra-Familial Co-colonization by Extended-Spectrum Cephalosporin Resistant Enterobacteriaceae in Preschool Children and Their Parents in Dutch Households.
Belfast Agar-a simple laboratory medium to separate Pseudomonas aeruginosa from pan-resistant Burkholderia cenocepacia isolated from the sputum of patients with cystic fibrosis (CF).
Flow Cytometry: An Overview.
The role of bacteria in the inflammatory bowel disease development: a narrative review.
Inhibition of Cyanobacterial Growth on a Municipal Wastewater Sidestream Is Impacted by Temperature.
A rare case of complicated pericardial effusion with Elizabethkingia meningoseptica from Iran.
Host-specific differences in the contribution of an ESBL IncI1 plasmid to intestinal colonization by Escherichia coli O104:H4.
Early fecal microbiota composition in children who later develop celiac disease and associated autoimmunity.
Fluoroquinolone resistance and gyrA mutations in Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli isolated from chicken in Egypt.
Laboratory Diagnosis and Characterization of Fungal Disease in Patients with Cystic Fibrosis (CF): A Survey of Current UK Practice in a Cohort of Clinical Microbiology Laboratories.
RNA Polymerase Accommodates a Pause RNA Hairpin by Global Conformational Rearrangements that Prolong Pausing.
Enhancing the apoptotic effect of IL-24/mda-7 on the human hepatic stellate cell through RGD peptide modification.
Local application of a gentamicin-loaded thermo-responsive hydrogel allows for fracture healing upon clearance of a high Staphylococcus aureus load in a rabbit model.
Complete Genome Sequence of Escherichia albertii Strain 1551-2, a Potential Extracellular and Intracellular Pathogen.
Selective maternal seeding and environment shape the human gut microbiome.
DNA methylation in childhood asthma: an epigenome-wide meta-analysis.
Acquisition of extended spectrum beta-lactamase-producing enterobacteriaceae in neonates: A community based cohort in Madagascar.
Rapid Bactericidal Action of Propolis against Porphyromonas gingivalis.
The Ruminococci: key symbionts of the gut ecosystem.
The Composition and Structure of Biofilms Developed by Propionibacterium acnes Isolated from Cardiac Pacemaker Devices.
Post-epizootic salamander persistence in a disease-free refugium suggests poor dispersal ability of Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans.
Aggregating sequences that occur in many proteins constitute weak spots of bacterial proteostasis.
[National Trends in the Distribution of Candida Species Causing Candidemia in Japan from 2003 to 2014].
An Outbreak of Foodborne Infection Caused by Shigella sonnei in West Bengal, India.
Case of Human Infection with Anaplasma phagocytophilum in Inner Mongolia, China.
Phylogenetic Characterization of Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhimurium and Its Monophasic Variant Isolated from Food Animals in Japan Revealed Replacement of Major Epidemic Clones in the Last 4 Decades.
The antibody response in the bovine mammary gland is influenced by the adjuvant and the site of subcutaneous vaccination.
Vitamin D3 supplementation in adults with bronchiectasis: A pilot study.
Is There an Association Between Use of Amoxicillin-Clavulanate and Resistance to Third-Generation Cephalosporins in Klebsiella pneumoniae and Escherichia coli at the Hospital Level?
Monotherapy with a novel intervenolin derivative, AS-1934, is an effective treatment for Helicobacter pylori infection.
Are animals a source of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia in human infections? Contributions of a nationwide molecular study.
Prevalence of Acinetobacter baumannii bacteremia in intensive care units of Ibn Rochd University Hospital, Casablanca.
Molecular detection of colistin resistance genes (mcr-1, mcr-2 and mcr-3) in nasal/oropharyngeal and anal/cloacal swabs from pigs and poultry.
Potential Application of Digitally Linked Tuberculosis Diagnostics for Real-Time Surveillance of Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis Transmission: Validation and Analysis of Test Results.
Rheumatism and chronic fatigue, the two facets of post-chikungunya disease: the TELECHIK cohort study on Reunion island.
Detection of different classes of carbapenemases: Adaptation and assessment of a phenotypic method applied to Enterobacteriaceae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii, and proposal of a new algorithm.
New polymyxin derivatives that display improved efficacy in animal infection models as compared to polymyxin B and colistin.
Integrase-Mediated Recombination of the bel-1 Gene Cassette Encoding the Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamase BEL-1.
Enterobacterial repetitive intergenic consensus (ERIC)-PCR analysis as a reliable evidence for suspected Shigella spp. outbreaks.
Experimental infection model for vibriosis in Dover sole (Solea solea) larvae as an aid in studying its pathogenesis and alternative treatments.
N4-cytosine DNA methylation regulates transcription and pathogenesis in Helicobacter pylori.
Evaluation of three broth microdilution systems to determine colistin susceptibility of Gram-negative bacilli.
Genetic mechanisms of Coxiella burnetii lipopolysaccharide phase variation.
Fidaxomicin jams Mycobacterium tuberculosis RNA polymerase motions needed for initiation via RbpA contacts.
Prevalence and bacterial etiology of subclinical mastitis in goats reared in organized farms.
[Poster].
[Workshop].
Waterborne outbreaks in diarrhoea endemic foci of India: a longitudinal exploration and its implications.
Bacteriophages reduce Yersinia enterocolitica contamination of food and kitchenware.
Family-wide analysis of aminoacyl-sulfamoyl-3-deazaadenosine analogues as inhibitors of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases.
Extensively drug-resistant community-acquired Acinetobacter baumannii sequence type 2 in a dog with urinary tract infection in Thailand.
Borrelia burgdorferi genes, bb0639-0642, encode a putative putrescine/spermidine transport system, PotABCD, that is spermidine specific and essential for cell survival.
Shigella sonnei Does Not Use Amoebae as Protective Hosts.
Bacterial Community Dynamics across the Gastrointestinal Tracts of Dairy Calves during Preweaning Development.
Risk Factors of Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamase Producing Enterobacteriaceae Occurrence in Farms in Reunion, Madagascar and Mayotte Islands, 2016-2017.
Draft Genome Sequence of Micromonospora sp. Strain WMMA1996, a Marine Sponge-Associated Bacterium.
Study of MazEF, sam, and phd-doc putative toxin-antitoxin systems in Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Vaccine-Mediated Mechanisms Controlling Replication of Francisella tularensis in Human Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells Using a Co-culture System.
Genomic Diversity and Evolution of the Fish Pathogen Flavobacterium psychrophilum.
Viral and Bacterial Etiologies of Acute Respiratory Infections Among Children Under 5 Years in Senegal.
Expanded diversity of microbial groups that shape the dissimilatory sulfur cycle.
Antibiotic resistance and frequency of class 1 integrons among Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolates obtained from wastewaters of a burn center in Northern Iran.
Increasing incidence of HIV- associated tuberculosis in Romanian injecting drug users.
Correction to: Catheter retention as a consequence rather than a cause of unfavorable outcome in candidemia.
The Chlamydia trachomatis Plasmid and CT135 Virulence Factors Are Not Essential for Genital Tract Infection or Pathology in Female Pig-Tailed Macaques.
Complete Sequence of the IncA/C1 Plasmid pCf587 Carrying blaPER-2 from Citrobacter freundii.
Molecular detection of colistin resistance genes (mcr-1 to mcr-5) in human vaginal swabs.
Comparison of the microbial community structure between inflamed and non-inflamed sites in patients with ulcerative colitis.
Fungal lignin peroxidase does not produce the veratryl alcohol cation radical as a diffusible ligninolytic oxidant.
Identification of matrix metalloproteinase 9-interacting sequences in staphylococcal superantigen-like protein 5.
Detection of Coxiella burnetii in heart valve sections by fluorescence in situ hybridization.
Genetic Separation of Listeria monocytogenes Causing Central Nervous System Infections in Animals.
Emergence of resistance to ciprofloxacin in Neisseria meningitidis in Brazil.
Genetic shifts in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus epidemic clones and toxin gene profiles in Japan: comparative analysis among pre-epidemic, epidemic and post-epidemic phases.
Phlebotomine sand flies (Diptera: Psychodidae) in the Greek Aegean Islands: ecological approaches.
Examination of 16S-23S rRNA intergenic spacer region (ISR) heterogeneity in a population of clinical Streptococcus pneumoniae- a new laboratory epidemiological genotyping tool to aid outbreak analysis.
Control of Infectious Diseases in the Era of European Clinical Microbiology Laboratory Consolidation: New Challenges and Opportunities for the Patient and for Public Health Surveillance.
Deep Neck Space Infections-A Study in Diabetic Population in a Tertiary Care Centre.
Potential of polymeric particles as future vaccine delivery systems/adjuvants for parenteral and non-parenteral immunization against tuberculosis: A systematic review.
Bejel in Cuba: molecular identification of Treponema pallidum subsp. endemicum in patients diagnosed with venereal syphilis.
Identification of wild-caught phlebotomine sand flies from Crete and Cyprus using DNA barcoding.
Aeromonas hydrophila from marketed mullet (Mugil cephalus) in Egypt: PCR characterization of beta-lactam resistance and virulence genes.
Early discontinuation of empirical antibacterial therapy in febrile neutropenia: the ANTIBIOSTOP study.
Botulinum neurotoxin-encoding plasmids can be conjugatively transferred to diverse clostridial strains.
Draft Genome Sequence of a Pathogenic Vibrio vulnificus Strain Isolated in Brazil.
Draft Reference Genome Sequence of Corynebacterium mastitidis 16-1433, Isolated from a Mouse.
Draft Genome Sequences of Escherichia coli Isolates from India.
Structural basis for the glycosyltransferase activity of the Salmonella effector SseK3.
Novosphingobium aromaticivorans uses a Nu-class glutathione S-transferase as a glutathione lyase in breaking the beta-aryl ether bond of lignin.
Antimicrobial activity of a novel bioengineered honey against non-typeable Haemophilus influenzae biofilms: an in vitro study.
25-OH-vitamin D, parathyroid hormone, and calcium serum levels in captive common marmosets (Callithrix jacchus): Reference values and effect of age, sex, season, and closure of long bone epiphyses.
Characterization of morphological conversion of Helicobacter pylori under anaerobic conditions.
Bronchoscopic fibered confocal fluorescence microscopy for longitudinal in vivo assessment of pulmonary fungal infections in free-breathing mice.
Antibacterial activity of male and female sperm-storage organs in ants.
Whole-Genome Sequence Analysis of Streptococcus pneumoniae Strains That Cause Hospital-Acquired Pneumonia Infections.
Survey of Staphylococcus aureus in a general pediatric population and focus on isolates with three clinically relevant toxin-encoding genes.
Leech management before application on patient: a nationwide survey of practices in French university hospitals.
Publisher Correction: Enterotypes in the landscape of gut microbial community composition.
Structural basis of protein arginine rhamnosylation by glycosyltransferase EarP.
Bacterial Microbiota of Rice Roots: 16S-Based Taxonomic Profiling of Endophytic and Rhizospheric Diversity, Endophytes Isolation and Simplified Endophytic Community.
Complete Genome Sequence of Dietzia sp. Strain WMMA184, a Marine Coral-Associated Bacterium.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Type Strain of Mycobacterium abscessus subsp. bolletii, a Member of the Mycobacterium abscessus Complex.
Evaluation of the Diagnostic Accuracy of Two Immunochromatographic Tests Detecting Campylobacter in Stools and Their Role in Campylobacter Infection Diagnosis.
Towards automated detection, semi-quantification and identification of microbial growth in clinical bacteriology: A proof of concept.
Microbes are off the menu: Defective macrophage phagocytosis in COPD.
Bacteriology and cefuroxime resistance in endophthalmitis following cataract surgery before and after the introduction of prophylactic intracameral cefuroxime: a retrospective single-centre study.
High Turnover of Tissue Macrophages Contributes to Tuberculosis Reactivation in Simian Immunodeficiency Virus-Infected Rhesus Macaques.
The heme auxotroph Caenorhabditis elegans can cleave the thioether bonds of c-type cytochromes.
The first report of human meningitis and pyogenic ventriculitis caused by Streptococcus suis: A case report.
Chlamydia trachomatis genotypes A and B from urogenital specimens of patients in Spain: molecular characterization.
Multi-viral canaliculitis: case report and review of literature.
Fecal microbiota transplantation for recurrent Clostridium difficile infection in a patient with ulcerative colitis.
Characterization of Nannizziopsis guarroi with genomic and proteomic analysis in three lizard species.
MALDI-TOF MS analysis of bovine and zoonotic Trichophyton verrucosum isolates reveals a distinct peak and cluster formation of a subgroup with Trichophyton benhamiae.
Platelets Regulate Pulmonary Inflammation and Tissue Destruction in Tuberculosis.
Sediminibacillus massiliensis sp. nov., a moderately halophilic, Gram-positive bacterium isolated from a stool sample of a young Senegalese man.
Organic acid production from potato starch waste fermentation by rumen microbial communities from Dutch and Thai dairy cows.
Prebiotic Wheat Bran Fractions Induce Specific Microbiota Changes.
Sputum bacteriology conversion and treatment outcome of patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis.
Pyrazines from bacteria and ants: convergent chemistry within an ecological niche.
The other Campylobacters: Not innocent bystanders in endemic diarrhea and dysentery in children in low-income settings.
First report of colistin resistance in OXA-181 carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae ST3130 in Japan.
Subclinical atherosclerosis in adults with steady-state bronchiectasis: A case-control study.
Lymphoid tissue-resident Alcaligenes LPS induces IgA production without excessive inflammatory responses via weak TLR4 agonist activity.
Solar-panel and parasol strategies shape the proteorhodopsin distribution pattern in marine Flavobacteriia.
Intestinal microbiota development and gestational age in preterm neonates.
Travellers \'  diarrhoea: Impact of TD definition and control group design on study results.
Intracellular TLR7 is activated in human oligodendrocytes in response to Borrelia burgdorferi exposure.
Transposon-associated lincosamide resistance lnu(C) gene identified in Brachyspira hyodysenteriae ST83.
Functional Predominance of msr(D), Which Is More Effective as mef(A)-Associated Than mef(E)-Associated, Over mef(A)/mef(E) in Macrolide Resistance in Streptococcus pyogenes.
Ectopic Expression of O Antigen in Bordetella pertussis by a Novel Genomic Integration System.
A Multifaceted Role of Tryptophan Metabolism and Indoleamine 2,3-Dioxygenase Activity in Aspergillus fumigatus-Host Interactions.
Dietary changes during weaning shape the gut microbiota of red pandas (Ailurus fulgens).
Strangvac: A recombinant fusion protein vaccine that protects against strangles, caused by Streptococcus equi.
Broad impact of extracellular DNA on biofilm formation by clinically isolated Methicillin-resistant and -sensitive strains of Staphylococcus aureus.
Bacteria Use Collective Behavior to Generate Diverse Combat Strategies.
Colonization of preservation solution in kidney transplantation: Clinical impact and risk of secondary acute graft pyelonephritis.
Bordetella Pertussis in hajj pilgrims.
[Bacteriology of acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Tunisia].
Molecular analysis of multidrug resistance in clinical isolates of Shigella spp. from 2001-2010 in Kolkata, India: role of integrons, plasmids, and topoisomerase mutations.
Isolation, molecular characterization and prevalence of Clostridium perfringens in sheep and goats of Kashmir Himalayas, India.
A case report of hepatic abscesses with soft tissue infection caused by methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus in a young child.
Development and Validation of a UPLC-MS/MS and UPLC-HR-MS Method for the Determination of Fumonisin B1 and Its Hydrolysed Metabolites and Fumonisin B2 in Broiler Chicken Plasma.
Synthesis of a Cleaved Form of Osteopontin by THP-1 Cells and Its Alteration by Phorbol 12-Myristate 13-Acetate and BCG Infection.
A Fatal Case of Candida auris and Candida tropicalis Candidemia in Neutropenic Patient.
Plasmid Negative Regulation of CPAF Expression Is Pgp4 Independent and Restricted to Invasive Chlamydia trachomatis Biovars.
How to optimize the prescription of laboratory tests? Success and failures in an academic hospital.
Enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli O157 subclade 8b strains in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, produced larger amounts of Shiga toxin 2 than strains in subclade 8a and other clades.
Medicinal and Therapeutic Potential of Herbs and Plant Metabolites / Extracts Countering Viral Pathogens - Current Knowledge and Future Prospects.
Pathogenesis of Mycobacterium bovis Infection: the Badger Model As a Paradigm for Understanding Tuberculosis in Animals.
Analysis of TLR7, SOCS1 and ISG15 immune genes expression in the peripheral blood of responder and non-responder patients with chronic Hepatitis C.
Detection and analysis of methicillin-resistant human-adapted sequence type 398 allows insight into community-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus evolution.
Fluconazole non-susceptible breakthrough candidemia after prolonged low-dose prophylaxis: a prospective FUNGINOS study.
Tailor-made gene silencing of Staphylococcus aureus clinical isolates by CRISPR interference.
Intracranial suppurative complications of ear, nose and throat infections: A single-centre cohort study of 65 patients.
Model-driven design of a minimal medium for Akkermansia muciniphila confirms mucus adaptation.
CMV-infected kidney grafts drive the expansion of blood-borne CMV-specific T cells restricted by shared class I HLA molecules via presentation on donor cells.
Decreased Clinical Severity of Strangles in Weanlings Associated with Restricted Seroconversion to Optimized Streptococcus equi ssp equi Assays.
Muddy puddles - the microbiology of puddles located outside tertiary university teaching hospitals.
Transcriptional Modulation of Penicillin-Binding Protein 1b, Outer Membrane Protein P2 and Efflux Pump (AcrAB-TolC) during Heat Stress Is Correlated to Enhanced Bactericidal Action of Imipenem on Non-typeable Haemophilus influenzae.
Vibrio cholerae embraces two major evolutionary traits as revealed by targeted gene sequencing.
Two decades of blaVIM-2-producing Pseudomonas aeruginosa dissemination: an interplay between mobile genetic elements and successful clones.
Metabolic dependent and independent pH-drop shuts down VirSR quorum sensing in Clostridium perfringens.
Meningococcal meningitis with neurological complications and meningococcemia due to serogroup W sequence type 11 complex.
Legionella pneumonia appeared during hospitalization in a patient with hematological malignancy confirmed by sputum culture after negative urine antigen test.
Molecular Characterization and Clonal Diversity of Methicillin-Resistant and -Susceptible Staphylococcus aureus Isolates of Milk of Cows with Clinical Mastitis in Tunisia.
An Outbreak of NDM-1-Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae, Associated with OmpK35 and OmpK36 Porin Loss in Tunisia.
Francis I. Proctor, MD and his wife Elizabeth C. Proctor: Their lives and legacy.
Molecular analysis of barley stripe mosaic virus isolates differing in their biological properties and the development of reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification assays for their detection.
Confocal microscopy in adult women with acne.
Comparative study of the impact of the administration of Amoxicillin and Algo-Bio  alternative substance to antibiotics, on the level of selection of resistant Enterobacteriaceae in the digestive flora of piglets.
Observations on the introduction and dissemination of Salmonella in three previously low prevalence status pig farms in the United Kingdom.
[Clinical and bacteriological analysis of lymphoid tissue neoplasms patients with bacteria bloodstream infections].
A multiplex lateral flow immunoassay for the rapid identification of NDM-, KPC-, IMP- and VIM-type and OXA-48-like carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae.
The cost-effectiveness of alternative vaccination strategies for polyvalent meningococcal vaccines in Burkina Faso: A transmission dynamic modeling study.
A widely conserved bacterial cytoskeletal component influences unique helical shape and motility of the spirochete Leptospira biflexa.
Upper airway involvement in bronchiectasis is marked by early onset and allergic features.
A rapid minor groove binder PCR method for distinguishing the vaccine strain Brucella abortus 104M.
Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli contributes to the survival of cefotaxime-susceptible E. coli under high concentrations of cefotaxime by acquisition of increased AmpC expression.
Sieving through gut models of colonization resistance.
Infectious blood source alters early foregut infection and regurgitative transmission of Yersinia pestis by rodent fleas.
Seroprevalence of leptospiral antibodies among market workers and food handlers in the central state of Malaysia.
Cutaneous melioidosis: two cases of chronic primary forms.
Optimized universal protocol for electroporation of both coagulase-positive and -negative Staphylococci.
Perspectives and Outcomes of the Activity of a Reference Laboratory for Brucellosis.
Evaluation of the rapid carbapenem inactivation method (rCIM): a phenotypic screening test for carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae.
Antimicrobial Peptide Resistance Mechanism Contributes to Staphylococcus aureus Infection.
Association between pre-sarcopenia, sarcopenia, and bone mineral density in patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Antibiogram and genetic diversity of Salmonella enterica with zoonotic potential isolated from morbid native chickens and pigeons in Egypt.
Genetic characteristics of VanA-type vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium in Cuba.
Stingless Bee Larvae Require Fungal Steroid to Pupate.
Complete Genome Sequence of the Type Strain of Macrococcus canis.
Combating Global Antibiotic Resistance: Emerging One Health Concerns in Lower- and Middle-Income Countries.
Chronic Dietary Intake of Enniatin B in Broiler Chickens Has Low Impact on Intestinal Morphometry and Hepatic Histology, and Shows Limited Transfer to Liver Tissue.
Motile Salmonella serotypes causing high mortality in poultry farms in three South-Western States of Nigeria.
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus causes sustained collecting lymphatic vessel dysfunction.
Discovery of genes required for lipoteichoic acid glycosylation predicts two distinct mechanisms for wall teichoic acid glycosylation.
Recommendations on diagnostic tools for Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans.
Prevalence of Rhodococcus equi from the nasal cavity of 1010 apparently healthy horses.
Direct Manipulation of T Lymphocytes by Proteins of Gastrointestinal Bacterial Pathogens.
Clostridium sordellii Pathogenicity Locus Plasmid pCS1-1 Encodes a Novel Clostridial Conjugation Locus.
Exploring the (Almost) Unknown: Archaeal Two-Component Systems.
Biosynthesis, characterization and leishmanicidal activity of a biocomposite containing AgNPs-PVP-glucantime.
Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation-Associated Infections: Carefully Consider Cannula Infections!
Persistent Goose Hemorrhagic Polyomavirus Infection on a Belgian Goose Farm.
Development of real-time PCR assay for the detection of Mycoplasma bovis.
In-depth resistome analysis by targeted metagenomics.
Koch \' s postulates - Pitfalls and relevance in the 21st century.
Acinetobacter baumannii ST317 can be identified with Martins \'  trilocus sequence-based multiplex-PCR.
Symposium review: Novel strategies to genetically improve mastitis resistance in dairy cattle.
Sporotrichoid non-tuberculous mycobacterial infections following anti-TNF treatment.
Campylobacter jejuni Colonization in the Crow Gut Involves Many Deletions within the Cytolethal Distending Toxin Gene Cluster.
A relapsing fever group Borrelia sp. is widely distributed among wild deer in Japan.
Equine allogeneic chondrogenic induced mesenchymal stem cells: A GCP target animal safety and biodistribution study.
Gastroenterology today: between certainties and news.
A Potential New Human Pathogen Belonging to Helicobacter Genus, Identified in a Bloodstream Infection.
Molecular Epidemiology of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Horses, Cats, and Dogs Over a 5-Year Period in France.
Cyclic di-adenosine monophosphate (c-di-AMP) is required for osmotic regulation in Staphylococcus aureus but dispensable for viability in anaerobic conditions.
Dramatic Changes in Malaria Population Genetic Complexity in Dielmo and Ndiop, Senegal, Revealed Using Genomic Surveillance.
Packaging of Dinoroseobacter shibae DNA into Gene Transfer Agent Particles Is Not Random.
A cross sectional study on Dutch layer farms to investigate the prevalence and potential risk factors for different Chlamydia species.
Rapid Veterinary Diagnosis of Bovine Reproductive Infectious Diseases from Semen Using Paper-Origami DNA Microfluidics.
Supraclavicular catheterization of the brachiocephalic vein: a way to prevent or reduce catheter maintenance-related complications in children.
Farming, Q fever and public health: agricultural practices and beyond.
Clonal Analysis of Clinical and Environmental Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolates from Meknes Region, Morocco.
Mycoplasma bovis co-infection with bovine viral diarrhea virus in bovine macrophages.
Noninvasive measurement of reepithelialization and microvascularity of suction-blister wounds with benchmarking to histology.
Analysis of Vibrio seventh pandemic island II and novel genomic islands in relation to attachment sequences among a wide variety of Vibrio cholerae strains.
Molecular epidemiology of Trichophyton quinckeanum - a zoophilic dermatophyte on the rise.
HPV/Chlamydia trachomatis co-infection: metagenomic analysis of cervical microbiota in asymptomatic women.
Clinical, Bacteriologic, and Geographic Stratification of Melioidosis Emerges from the Sri Lankan National Surveillance Program.
Serological Markers of Recent Campylobacter jejuni Infection in Patients with Guillain-Barre Syndrome in the State of Piaui, Brazil, 2014-2016.
Effects of Soluble Corn Fiber Alone or in Synbiotic Combination with Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and the Pilus-Deficient Derivative GG-PB12 on Fecal Microbiota, Metabolism, and Markers of Immune Function: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Crossover Study in Healthy Elderly (Saimes Study).
A Polyphasic Approach for Phenotypic and Genetic Characterization of the Fastidious Aquatic Pathogen Francisella noatunensis subsp. orientalis.
Antibiotic Resistance Plasmids Cointegrated into a Megaplasmid Harboring the blaOXA-427 Carbapenemase Gene.
Neisseria cinerea with High Ceftriaxone MIC Is a Source of Ceftriaxone and Cefixime Resistance-Mediating penA Sequences in Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
New colony multiplex PCR assays for the detection and discrimination of vancomycin-resistant enterococcal species.
Prospective Surveillance of Pediatric Invasive Group A Streptococcus Infection.
Diversity of toxin-genotypes among Clostridium perfringens isolated from healthy and diarrheic neonatal cattle and buffalo calves.
Atomic Structure of Type VI Contractile Sheath from Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Evaluation of STAT3 rs1053004 single nucleotide polymorphism in patients with chronic hepatitis B and hepatocellular carcinoma.
Evaluation of the Amplidiag CarbaR+VRE Kit for Accurate Detection of Carbapenemase-Producing Bacteria.
Incomplete prophage tolerance by type III-A CRISPR-Cas systems reduces the fitness of lysogenic hosts.
Chemical Composition and Bioactivity of Essential Oil from Blepharocalyx salicifolius.
Differential Ability of Pandemic and Seasonal H1N1 Influenza A Viruses To Alter the Function of Human Neutrophils.
Studying the Symbiotic Bacterium Xenorhabdus nematophila in Individual, Living Steinernema carpocapsae Nematodes Using Microfluidic Systems.
Clinical efficacy of a topical lactic acid bacterial microbiome in chronic rhinosinusitis: A randomized controlled trial.
How tree species identity and diversity affect light transmittance to the understory in mature temperate forests.
[Leonhard Riedmuller: Swiss public enemy or pawn sacrifice?]
High Prevalence of CTX-M-1-Like Enzymes in Urinary Isolates of Escherichia coli in Guayaquil, Ecuador.
Diet, Microbiota, and Metabolic Health: Trade-Off Between Saccharolytic and Proteolytic Fermentation.
Bacterial co-infection and early mortality among pulmonary tuberculosis patients in Manila, The Philippines.
Prevalence and antimicrobial resistance of Bacillus cereus isolated from beef products in Egypt.
Staphylococcus aureus produces pain through pore-forming toxins and neuronal TRPV1 that is silenced by QX-314.
Heterogeneity of Multidrug-Resistant Salmonella enterica Isolates with Increasing Frequency of Resistance to Ciprofloxacin During a 4-Year Period in Iran.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa in cystic fibrosis patients with c.1652G&gt;A (G551D)-CFTR treated with ivacaftor-Changes in microbiological parameters.
A straightforward assay for measuring glycogen levels and RpoS.
The Madagascar Hissing Cockroach as an Alternative Non-mammalian Animal Model to Investigate Virulence, Pathogenesis, and Drug Efficacy.
Almost Complete Lack of Human Cytomegalovirus and Human papillomaviruses Genome in Benign and Malignant Breast Lesions in Shiraz, Southwest of Iran
A two-component signal transduction system contributes to the virulence of Riemerella anatipestifer.
Effects of urbanization on host-pathogen interactions, using Yersinia in house sparrows as a model.
Transmission of Rift Valley fever virus from European-breed lambs to Culex pipiens mosquitoes.
Low prevalence of the  \' gang of seven \'  and absence of the O80:H2 serotypes among Shigatoxigenic and enteropathogenic Escherichia coli (STEC and EPEC) in intestinal contents of healthy cattle at two slaughterhouses in Belgium in 2014.
First detection of Echinococcus multilocularis in Croatia.
Typhoid Vaccination among Japanese Travelers to South Asia and the Factors Associated with Compliance.
Detection of Escherichia coli Producing CTX-M-1-Group Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamases from Pigs in Aichi Prefecture, Japan, between 2015 and 2016.
Unexpected Ventriculitis Complication of Neonatal Meningitis Caused by Streptococcus gallolyticus Subsp. pasteurianus: a Case Report.
Lactobacillus reuteri to Treat Infant Colic: A Meta-analysis.
Neutralization efficiency of alcohol based products used for rapid hand disinfection
Effect of synbiotic supplementation in children and adolescents with cystic fibrosis: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
Hospital-acquired infections documented by repeated annual prevalence surveys over 15 years.
Comparative evaluation of DNA extraction methods for amplification by qPCR of superficial vs intracellular DNA from Bacillus spores.
Prevalence and risk factors of mycobacterial infections in farm and trade cattle in southwestern Nigeria.
Substrate cleavage and duration of action of botulinum neurotoxin type FA ("H, HA").
Evaluation of beta-Amino Acid Replacements in Protein Loops: Effects on Conformational Stability and Structure.
Genetic correlates of clarithromycin susceptibility among isolates of the Mycobacterium abscessus group and the potential clinical applicability of a PCR-based analysis of erm(41).
Expander/Implant Removal After Breast Reconstruction: Analysis of Risk Factors and Timeline.
Deep sequencing of blood and gut T-cell receptor beta-chains reveals gluten-induced immune signatures in celiac disease.
Akkermansia muciniphila induces gut microbiota remodelling and controls islet autoimmunity in NOD mice.
Multivalency effects of hemagglutinin component of type B botulinum neurotoxin complex on epithelial barrier disruption.
Honey yield of different commercial apiaries treated with Lactobacillus salivarius A3iob, a new bee-probiotic strain.
Effect of preoperative biliary stenting on post-operative infectious complications in pancreaticoduodenectomy.
The next generation of rapid point-of-care testing identification tools for ventilator-associated pneumonia.
Intensive care unit-acquired Acinetobacter baumannii infections in a Moroccan teaching hospital: epidemiology, risk factors and outcome.
The Contemporary Bacteriologic Epidemiology of Osteoarticular Infections in Children in Switzerland.
Citrobacter rodentium Relies on Commensals for Colonization of the Colonic Mucosa.
Epidemiology of Danish Aeromonas salmonicida subsp. salmonicida in Fish Farms Using Whole Genome Sequencing.
Response to  \' Helicobacter pylori infection of AZ-521 cells reveals a type IV secretion defect and VacA-independent CagA phosphorylation \' .
The choroid plexus epithelium as a novel player in the stomach-brain axis during Helicobacter infection.
Emergence of Resistance Mutations in Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhi Against Fluoroquinolones.
Next-generation sequencing applications in clinical bacteriology.
Prevalence of bovine brucellosis in slaughtered cattle and barriers to better protection of abattoir workers in Ibadan, South-Western Nigeria.
Enterotypes in the landscape of gut microbial community composition.
A hemolytic-uremic syndrome-associated strain O113:H21 Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli specifically expresses a transcriptional module containing dicA and is related to gene network dysregulation in Caco-2 cells.
A life-threatening infection due to Corynebacterium striatum: a lesson learned.
An investigation into the bacterial contamination of goniolenses in use in clinical practice.
Non-tuberculous Mycobacteria isolated from lymph nodes and faecal samples of healthy slaughtered cattle and the abattoir environment.
Macrophage-Microbe Interactions: Lessons from the Zebrafish Model.
Infection and adaption-based proteomic changes of Streptococcus suis serotype 2 in a pig model.
Staphylococcus aureus controls interleukin-5 release in upper airway inflammation.
Evaluation of Loopamp MTBC detection kit for diagnosis of pulmonary tuberculosis at a peripheral laboratory in a high burden setting.
Manganese Concentrations in Tissues and Skin of Three Dolphin Species Stranded in the Croatian Waters of the Adriatic Sea from 1995 to 2013.
Late Disseminated Lyme Disease: Associated Pathology and Spirochete Persistence Posttreatment in Rhesus Macaques.
The Use of Vacuum Dressings for Dead Space Management in Deep Surgical Site Infections Allows Implant and Bone Graft Retention.
Management and investigation of a Serratia marcescens outbreak in a neonatal unit in Switzerland - the role of hand hygiene and whole genome sequencing.
The effects of specific expression of apoptin under the control of PSES and PSA promoter on cell death and apoptosis of LNCaP cells.
Molecular detection of Bordetella holmesii in two infants with pertussis-like syndrome: the first report from Iran.
Seroepidemiological study of Q fever in Lorestan province, western Iran, 2014.
Phenotypic and genotypic features of first biofilm forming nasopharyngeal colonized Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates.
Zoonotic Transfer of Clostridium difficile Harboring Antimicrobial Resistance between Farm Animals and Humans.
Human microglia and astrocytes constitutively express the neurokinin-1 receptor and functionally respond to substance P.
Variable manifestations, diverse seroreactivity and post-treatment persistence in non-human primates exposed to Borrelia burgdorferi by tick feeding.
Nobel laureate Ilya I. Metchnikoff (1845-1916). Life story and scientific heritage.
Adverse Effects of Amoxicillin for Acute Lower Respiratory Tract Infection in Primary Care: Secondary and Subgroup Analysis of a Randomised Clinical Trial.
Systems Approaches to Understanding and Designing Allosteric Proteins.
Outcomes of Open Repair of Mycotic Aortic Aneurysms with In Situ Replacement.
Antidiarrheal Activity of Dissotis multiflora (Sm) Triana (Melastomataceae) Leaf Extract in Wistar Rats and Subacute Toxicity Evaluation.
Expression of superantigens and the agr system in Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Invasive meningococcal disease due to ciprofloxacin-resistant Neisseria meningitidis sequence type 4821: The first case in Japan.
Analysis of OXA-204 carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae reveals possible endoscopy-associated transmission, France, 2012 to 2014.
Factors associated with four atypical cases of congenital syphilis in England, 2016 to 2017: an ecological analysis.
Bovine leptospirosis in urban and peri-urban dairy farming in low-income countries: a "One Health" issue?
Comparison of Salmonella enterica Serovars Typhi and Typhimurium Reveals Typhoidal Serovar-Specific Responses to Bile.
CdtC-Induced Processing of Membrane-Bound CdtA Is a Crucial Step in Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans Cytolethal Distending Toxin Holotoxin Formation.
Genomic Insights into Colistin-Resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae from a Tunisian Teaching Hospital.
Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.
Novel role of Vpmas as major adhesins of Mycoplasma agalactiae mediating differential cell adhesion and invasion of Vpma expression variants.
The relation between Blastocystis and the intestinal microbiota in Swedish travellers.
Group A streptococcal M-like proteins: From pathogenesis to vaccine potential.
Antibiotic Resistance of Helicobacter pylori in Iranian Children: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Methicillin resistance and selective genetic determinants of Staphylococcus aureus isolates with bovine mastitis milk origin.
Gene expression profiling of the TRIM protein family reveals potential biomarkers for indicating tuberculosis status.
Gastrointestinal colonisation with three different NDM-1-producing enterobacterial species isolated from an inpatient in Tehran, Iran.
Contrasting patterns of genome-level diversity across distinct co-occurring bacterial populations.
Brucellosis: Improved Diagnostics and Vaccine Insights from Synthetic Glycans.
Molecular Methods for Detection of Antimicrobial Resistance.
The Anaerobically Induced sRNA PaiI Affects Denitrification in Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA14.
Characterization of Two Cryptic Plasmids Isolated in Haiti from Clinical Vibrio cholerae Non-O1/Non-O139.
Major epidemiological factors associated with leptospirosis in Malaysia.
Nanobodies targeting conserved epitopes on the major outer membrane protein of Campylobacter as potential tools for control of Campylobacter colonization.
Comparison of phenotypic and WGS-derived antimicrobial resistance profiles of Salmonella enterica serovars Typhi and Paratyphi.
Phenotypic and genetic characterization of beta-lactam resistance in Klebsiella from retail chicken meat in Mansoura, Egypt.
Genetic Variants Contributing to Circulating Matrix Metalloproteinase 8 Levels and Their Association With Cardiovascular Diseases: A Genome-Wide Analysis.
Evaluation of the hygienogram scores and related data obtained after cleaning and disinfection of poultry houses in Flanders during the period 2007 to 2014.
Small RNA repertoires and their intraspecies variation in Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans.
A Combined Approach of Infrared Spectroscopy and Multivariate Analysis for the Simultaneous Determination of Sugars and Fructans in Strawberry Juices During Storage.
2017 Jack Kenney Award for Outstanding Service.
Mastitis associated with Mycobacterium smegmatis complex members in a Swiss dairy cattle herd: compost bedding material as a possible risk factor.
Outbreak of Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza H5N8 in November 2016 in Wild Birds in Switzerland.
Bacterial, fungal, parasitological and pathological analyses of abortions in small ruminants from 2012-2016.
Molecular characterization of locus of enterocyte effacement pathogenicity island in shigatoxic Escherichia coli isolated from human &amp; cattle in West Bengal, India.
In vivo selection of a multidrug-resistant Aeromonas salmonicida during medicinal leech therapy.
Bacteriology and Antibiogram of Urinary Tract Infection Among Female Patients in a Tertiary Health Facility in South Eastern Nigeria.
Internalization of a polysialic acid-binding Escherichia coli bacteriophage into eukaryotic neuroblastoma cells.
Mutations in Genes Encoding Penicillin-Binding Proteins and Efflux Pumps Play a Role in beta-Lactam Resistance in Helicobacter cinaedi.
Distribution and Molecular Characterization of Acinetobacter baumannii International Clone II Lineage in Japan.
The response of canine faecal microbiota to increased dietary protein is influenced by body condition.
Immunization with Bivalent Flagellin Protects Mice against Fatal Pseudomonas aeruginosa Pneumonia.
Predictable, Tunable Protein Production in Salmonella for Studying Host-Pathogen Interactions.
Management of Liver Abscess in Children: Our Experience.
Occurrence of uterine carriers for Leptospira interrogans on slaughtered cows.
Neglected zoonotic agents in cattle abortion: tackling the difficult to grow bacteria.
Genotyping and drug susceptibility testing of mycobacterial isolates from population-based tuberculosis prevalence survey in Ghana.
Breastmilk cell trafficking induces microchimerism-mediated immune system maturation in the infant.
HEV infection not evident in rodents on English pig farms.
Anti-tubercular and probiotic properties of coagulase-negative staphylococci isolated from Koozh, a traditional fermented food of South India.
Encapsulation of the therapeutic microbe Akkermansia muciniphila in a double emulsion enhances survival in simulated gastric conditions.
"Does the Salmonella Genomic Island 1 (SGI1) confer invasiveness properties to human isolates?"
Microbial colonization of the periodontal pocket and its significance for periodontal therapy.
Signalling Profiles of Blood Leucocytes in Sepsis and in Acute Pancreatitis in Relation to Disease Severity.
Antibacterial activity of polyphenolic fraction of Kombucha against Vibrio cholerae: targeting cell membrane.
Complete Chromosome Sequence of a Mycolactone-Producing Mycobacterium, Mycobacterium pseudoshottsii.
Shigella hijacks the glomulin-cIAPs-inflammasome axis to promote inflammation.
Incidence and prevention of infective endocarditis and bacteraemia after transcatheter aortic valve implantation in a French university hospital: a retrospective study.
The insect pathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus innexi has attenuated virulence in multiple insect model hosts yet encodes a potent mosquitocidal toxin.
Flavonoids, cytotoxic, antioxidant and antibacterial activities of Evax pygmaea.
Clinical Characteristics and Low Susceptibility to Daptomycin in Enterococcus faecium Bacteremia.
Bacteriological and Immunological Profiling of Meconium and Fecal Samples from Preterm Infants: A Two-Year Follow-Up Study.
Establishing Genotype-to-Phenotype Relationships in Bacteria Causing Hospital-Acquired Pneumonia: A Prelude to the Application of Clinical Metagenomics.
Virulence and extended-spectrum beta-lactamase encoding genes in Escherichia coli recovered from chicken meat intended for hospitalized human consumption.
Factors influencing growth hormone levels of Bali cattle in Bali, Nusa Penida, and Sumbawa Islands, Indonesia.
Polymerase chain reaction detection of genes responsible for multiple antibiotic resistance Staphylococcus aureus isolated from food of animal origin in Egypt.
Phenotypic and genotypic characterization of antimicrobial susceptibility of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli isolated from broiler chickens.
Resveratrol strongly enhances the retinoic acid-induced superoxide generating activity via up-regulation of gp91-phox gene expression in U937 cells.
Bacteriological aspects of chronic osteoarticular infections in adults: the influence of the osteosynthesis material.
NRPS-Derived Isoquinolines and Lipopetides Mediate Antagonism between Plant Pathogenic Fungi and Bacteria.
Population structure and virulence gene profiles of Streptococcus agalactiae collected from different hosts worldwide.
Recurrence of Escherichia coli meningitis in a preterm infant and co-infection of echovirus 18.
The E. coli dicarboxylic acid transporters DauA act as a signal transducer by interacting with the DctA uptake system.
In Vitro Enzymatic Depolymerization of Lignin with Release of Syringyl, Guaiacyl, and Tricin Units.
Higher versus standard amikacin single dose in emergency department patients with severe sepsis and septic shock: a randomised controlled trial.
Multiresistant ST59-SCCmec IV-t437 clone with strong biofilm-forming capacity was identified predominantly in MRSA isolated from Chinese children.
Antimicrobial and antibiofilm activity of silver, titanium dioxide and iron nano particles.
Study of the Expression of Bacterial Multidrug Efflux Pumps in Anaerobic Conditions.
Microbial volatile communication in human organotypic lung models.
Clinical and Molecular Epidemiology of Invasive Staphylococcus aureus Infections in Chinese Children: A Single-center Experience.
Effects of oxytocin and PGF2alpha on uterine contractility in cows with and without metritis-An in-vitro study.
Optimised Helicobacter pylori antibiotic susceptibility profile using gold-standard method.
Intestinal colonisation with extended-spectrum cephalosporin-resistant Enterobacteriaceae in different populations in Switzerland: prevalence, risk factors and molecular features.
Heterogeneity of cytolethal distending toxin sequence types of Campylobacter jejuni and correlation to invasion/cytotoxicity potential: The first molecular survey from Iran.
Zebrafish Infection: From Pathogenesis to Cell Biology.
Bacterial Etiology of Lower Respiratory Tract Infections and Their Antimicrobial Susceptibility.
HIV viral load monitoring among key populations in low- and middle-income countries: challenges and opportunities.
A Cell Line for Detection of Botulinum Neurotoxin Type B.
Colony formation in solid medium by the relapsing fever spirochetes Borrelia hermsii and Borrelia turicatae.
Molecular characterization of Helicobacter pylori resistance to rifamycins.
Tolerance towards gentamicin is a function of nutrient concentration in biofilms of patient-isolated Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Complete Circularized Genome Sequences of Four Strains of Elizabethkingia anophelis, Including Two Novel Strains Isolated from Wild-Caught Anopheles sinensis.
Draft Genome Sequence of the Arsenic-Resistant Bacterium Brevundimonas denitrificans TAR-002T.
Draft Genome Sequence of Mycobacterium sp. Strain shizuoka-1, a Novel Mycobacterium Isolated from Groundwater of a Bathing Facility in Shizuoka, Japan.
Ceftazidime/avibactam alone or in combination with aztreonam against colistin-resistant and carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Acute Septic Arthritis of the Knee Caused by Kingella kingae in a 5-Year-Old Cameroonian Boy.
Prevalence of Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli in captive wildlife species of India.
Camelina Seed Supplementation at Two Dietary Fat Levels Change Ruminal Bacterial Community Composition in a Dual-Flow Continuous Culture System.
Impact of rotavirus vaccine on acute gastroenteritis in children under 5 years in Senegal: Experience of sentinel site of the Albert Royer Children \' s Hospital in Dakar.
Influence of fracture stability on Staphylococcus epidermidis and Staphylococcus aureus infection in a murine femoral fracture model.
Cross-Sectional Serological Survey for Leptospira spp. in Beef and Dairy Cattle in Two Districts in Uganda.
Corrigendum: Genome Reduction for Niche Association in Campylobacter Hepaticus, A Cause of Spotty Liver Disease in Poultry.
Structural basis for the unique ganglioside and cell membrane recognition mechanism of botulinum neurotoxin DC.
Origin, evolution, and global transmission of community-acquired Staphylococcus aureus ST8.
Prevalence of antimicrobial resistance from bacterial culture and susceptibility records from horse samples in South Africa.
Antibacterial resistance patterns and incidence of hospital-acquired Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia in a tertiary care educational hospital in Turkey: a perspective from 2001 to 2013
In vitro activity and time-kill curve analysis of sitafloxacin against a global panel of antimicrobial-resistant and multidrug-resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae isolates.
Francisella noatunensis subspecies noatunensis clpB deletion mutant impairs development of francisellosis in a zebrafish model.
Corrigendum to "Candidatus Accumulibacter phosphatis clades enriched under cyclic anaerobic and microaerobic conditions simultaneously use different electron acceptors" [Water Res. 102 (2016) 125-137].
Fecal microbiota transplantation against irritable bowel syndrome? Rigorous randomized clinical trials are required.
Late introduction of fish and eggs is associated with increased risk of allergy development - results from the FARMFLORA birth cohort.
Development and Evaluation of Simple Dot-Blot Assays for Rapid Detection of Staphylococcal Enterotoxin-A in Food.
Pathfinders in oncology from the beginning of the 19th century to the inauguration of the first cancer hospital in the United States.
Polymyxin derivatives NAB739 and NAB815 are more effective than polymyxin B in murine Escherichia coli pyelonephritis.
Characterization of Cefotaxime- and Ciprofloxacin-Resistant Commensal Escherichia coli Originating from Belgian Farm Animals Indicates High Antibiotic Resistance Transfer Rates.
First isolation of Vibrio tapetis and an atypical strain of Aeromonas salmonicida from skin ulcerations in common dab (Limanda limanda) in the North Sea.
Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein regulates autophagy and inflammasome activity in innate immune cells.
First Insight into the Genome Sequences of Two Linezolid-Resistant Nocardia farcinica Strains Isolated from Patients with Cystic Fibrosis.
Rapid Polymyxin NP test for the detection of polymyxin resistance mediated by the mcr-1/mcr-2 genes.
The PrpF protein of Shewanella oneidensis MR-1 catalyzes the isomerization of 2-methyl-cis-aconitate during the catabolism of propionate via the AcnD-dependent 2-methylcitric acid cycle.
The microbiota protects against respiratory infection via GM-CSF signaling.
Laboratory Diagnosis of Parasites from the Gastrointestinal Tract.
Reliability of rapid urease test for screening gastric cancer in high-risk populations.
Evaluation of Two Surface Sampling Methods for Microbiological and Chemical Analyses To Assess the Presence of Biofilms in Food Companies.
Short-chain arabinoxylans prepared from enzymatically treated wheat grain exert prebiotic effects during the broiler starter period.
Antimicrobial peptides in frog poisons constitute a molecular toxin delivery system against predators.
Sex Reporting in Preclinical Microbiological and Immunological Research.
Applying tuberculosis management time to measure the tuberculosis infectious pool at a local level in Ethiopia.
Association of Helicobacter pylori infection with Toll-like receptor-4 Thr399Ile polymorphism increased the risk of peptic ulcer development in North of Iran.
Waclaw Blaise Orlowsky and his unacknowledged discovery in neurology.
Erratum: Author Correction: Norgestimate inhibits staphylococcal biofilm formation and resensitizes methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus to beta-lactam antibiotics.
A prospective study of travellers \'  diarrhoea: analysis of pathogen findings by destination in various (sub)tropical regions.
A double point mutation at residues Ile14 and Val15 of Bcl-2 uncovers a role for the BH4 domain in both protein stability and function.
Genomic analysis of in vivo acquired resistance to colistin and rifampicin in Acinetobacter baumannii.
Bedaquiline Resistance: Its Emergence, Mechanism, and Prevention.
Identification and characterization of mcr mediated colistin resistance in extraintestinal Escherichia coli from poultry and livestock in China.
Burden of hospitalized childhood community-acquired pneumonia: A retrospective cross-sectional study in Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia and the Republic of Korea.
Emended description of the genus Phytobacter, its type species Phytobacter diazotrophicus (Zhang 2008) and description of Phytobacter ursingii sp. nov.
Mouse models for human intestinal microbiota research: a critical evaluation.
Genomic history of the seventh pandemic of cholera in Africa.
Xer1-independent mechanisms of Vpma phase variation in Mycoplasma agalactiae are triggered by Vpma-specific antibodies.
Coculture of Marine Invertebrate-Associated Bacteria and Interdisciplinary Technologies Enable Biosynthesis and Discovery of a New Antibiotic, Keyicin.
Lipoyl-E2-PDH Gets a Second Job.
Mechanical force induces mitochondrial fission.
The bacteriological profile of the burned patients in the center of burns in CHU Mohamed VI Marrakech (about 123 cases).
The study on the association between Beijing genotype family and drug susceptibility phenotypes of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in Beijing.
The First Microbial Colonizers of the Human Gut: Composition, Activities, and Health Implications of the Infant Gut Microbiota.
Genomic comparison between Staphylococcus aureus GN strains clinically isolated from a familial infection case: IS1272 transposition through a novel inverted repeat-replacing mechanism.
Tuberculosis in Swiss captive Asian elephants: microevolution of Mycobacterium tuberculosis characterized by multilocus variable-number tandem-repeat analysis and whole-genome sequencing.
MASTDISCS combi Carba plus, a simple method for discriminating carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae, including OXA-48-type producers.
Assessing the impact of rumen microbial communities on methane emissions and production traits in Holstein cows in a tropical climate.
Salmonella Typhimurium DT193 and DT99 are present in great and blue tits in Flanders, Belgium.
Staphylococcal food poisoning caused by Staphylococcus argenteus harboring staphylococcal enterotoxin genes.
Engineering photosynthetic production of L-lysine.
Biogenic silver nanoparticles inducing Leishmania amazonensis promastigote and amastigote death in vitro.
Evidence of ongoing brucellosis in livestock animals in North West Libya.
Symptomatic pseudo-progression followed by significant treatment response in two lung cancer patients treated with immunotherapy.
Characteristics of a Regulator of G-Protein Signaling (RGS) rgsC in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Regulation of Proteolysis in the Gram-Negative Bacterial Envelope.
Development of Subunit Vaccines That Provide High-Level Protection and Sterilizing Immunity against Acute Inhalational Melioidosis.
Hierarchical protein targeting and secretion is controlled by an affinity switch in the type III secretion system of enteropathogenic Escherichia coli.
Chlamydia pneumoniae exploits adipocyte lipid chaperone FABP4 to facilitate fat mobilization and intracellular growth in murine adipocytes.
An ELISA method to estimate the mono ADP-ribosyltransferase activities: e.g in pertussis toxin and vaccines.
Sources of spontaneous mutagenesis in bacteria.
Molecular characterization and antibiotic resistance of Streptococcus dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis isolated from patients with streptococcal toxic shock syndrome.
Application of whole genome sequence data in analyzing the molecular epidemiology of Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli O157:H7/H.
Occurrence of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in taps: implications for patients with cystic fibrosis.
Furukawa Agar - A novel bacteriological agar designed to inhibit fungal contamination when sampling organic compost.
Characterization of Leptospira species isolated from soil collected in Japan.
Pooling of interdigital swab samples for PCR detection of virulent Dichelobacter nodosus.
Development of a multilocus sequence typing scheme for Rhodococcus equi.
Universal or targeted approach to prevent the transmission of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in intensive care units: a cost-effectiveness analysis.
Short communication: Effect of freezer storage time and thawing method on the recovery of Mycoplasma bovis from bovine colostrum.
Contributions to the phylogeny of Ixodes (Pholeoixodes) canisuga, I. (Ph.) kaiseri, I. (Ph.) hexagonus and a simple pictorial key for the identification of their females.
Outbreak of chikungunya virus in a vulnerable population of Sergipe, Brazil-A molecular and serological survey.
Complete and Draft Genome Sequences of Eight Oceanic Pseudomonas aeruginosa Strains.
Twelve Complete Reference Genomes of Clinical Isolates in the Capnocytophaga Genus.
Expansion of KPC-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae with various mgrB mutations giving rise to colistin resistance: the role of ISL3 on plasmids.
Recurrent allograft C3 glomerulonephritis and unsuccessful eculizumab treatment.
Variability in the response of canine and human dendritic cells stimulated with Brucella canis.
Concurrent jellyfish blooms and tenacibaculosis outbreaks in Northern Norwegian Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) farms.
High mortality of bloodstream infection outbreak caused by carbapenem-resistant P. aeruginosa producing SPM-1 in a bone marrow transplant unit.
Predominance of Serogroup 19 CC320/271 among Penicillin-Nonsusceptible Streptococcus pneumoniae Isolates after Introduction of the PCV7 Vaccine in Several Regions of Japan.
Long-lasting successful dissemination of resistance to oxazolidinones in MDR Staphylococcus epidermidis clinical isolates in a tertiary care hospital in France.
mcr-1 and mcr-2 variant genes identified in Moraxella species isolated from pigs in Great Britain from 2014 to 2015.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis HspX/EsxS Fusion Protein: Gene Cloning, Protein Expression, and Purification in Escherichia coli.
Evidence for Widespread Associations between Neotropical Hymenopteran Insects and Actinobacteria.
First description of a catalase-negative Staphylococcus aureus from a healthy carrier, with a novel nonsense mutation in the katA gene.
Half of rifampicin-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex isolated from tuberculosis patients in Sub-Saharan Africa have concomitant resistance to pyrazinamide.
Characterization of the neuraminidase genes from human influenza A viruses circulating in Iran from 2010 to 2015.
Resistance to clarithromycin and gastroenterologist \' s persistence roles in nomination for Helicobacter pylori as high priority pathogen by World Health Organization.
New method for the identification of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi by proteomic-based biotyping of spores using MALDI-TOF-MS.
State of the Journal.
Molecular typing of Trichomonas vaginalis isolates by actin gene sequence analysis and carriage of T. vaginalis viruses.
Attaching and effacing (A/E) lesion formation by enteropathogenic E. coli on human intestinal mucosa is dependent on non-LEE effectors.
Early bacterial and fungal infection in children receiving allogeneic stem cell transplantation for acute lymphoblastic leukemia in Argentina.
Synergistic Effects of NDRG2 Overexpression and Radiotherapy on Cell Death of Human Prostate LNCaP Cells.
Seroprevalence of Mycoplasma suis infection in pigs in eastern China as estimated by a blocking enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Diversity of livestock associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Development of a rapid immunochromatographic assay to detect contamination of raw oysters with enteropathogenic Vibrio parahaemolyticus.
Investigating the association between African spontaneously fermented dairy products, faecal carriage of Streptococcus infantarius subsp. infantarius and colorectal adenocarcinoma in Kenya.
Potential exposure of humans to Rickettsia felis in Greece.
WITHDRAWN: Molecular characterization of glycopeptide and macrolide resistance genes among multidrug-resistant Enterococcus faecalis strains.
Trigger loop dynamics can explain stimulation of intrinsic termination by bacterial RNA polymerase without terminator hairpin contact.
Butyrate presence in distinct gastrointestinal tract segments modifies differentially digestive processes and amino acid bioavailability in young broiler chickens.
Scoring biosecurity in European conventional broiler production.
Centenary of the death of Jozef Brudzinski: on his contribution to early bacteriology.
Tetracycline use in the community may promote decreased susceptibility to quinolones in Escherichia coli isolates.
Gut microbiomes of mobile predators vary with landscape context and species identity.
Existence of a novel qepA variant in quinolone resistant Escherichia coli from aquatic habitats of Bangladesh.
Occurrence of Salmonella enterica and Escherichia coli in raw chicken and beef meat in northern Egypt and dissemination of their antibiotic resistance markers.
Complete Genome Sequence of Eubacterium hallii Strain L2-7.
Translocation and dissemination of botulinum neurotoxin from the intestinal tract.
A comparison of unheated loose housing with stables on the respiratory health of weaned-foals in cold winter conditions: an observational field-study.
Identification of Glyceraldehyde-3-Phosphate and Alcohol Dehydrogenases as Autoantigens in Doberman Hepatitis.
Therapeutic administration of bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stromal cells reduces airway inflammation without up-regulating Tregs in experimental asthma.
Crystal structures of OrfX2 and P47 from a Botulinum neurotoxin OrfX-type gene cluster.
R-Spondin1 expands Paneth cells and prevents dysbiosis induced by graft-versus-host disease.
Low eukaryotic viral richness is associated with faecal microbiota transplantation success in patients with UC.
Hand dermatitis: hand hygiene consequences among healthcare workers.
Geographic distribution and incidence of Lyme borreliosis in the west of Ireland.
Brucellosis: A cause of meningitis not to neglect.
Dissemination and genetic support of broad-spectrum beta-lactam-resistant Escherichia coli strain isolated from two Tunisian hospitals during 2004-2012.
Cloning and expression of P67 protein of Mycoplasma leachii.
Cloning and sequence analysis of hyaluronoglucosaminidase (nagH) gene of Clostridium chauvoei.
Matrix-assisted laser desorption-ionization-time-of-flight mass spectrometry as a reliable proteomic method for characterization of Escherichia coli and Salmonella isolates.
Role of HIV exposure and infection in relation to neonatal GBS disease and rectovaginal GBS carriage: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
DksA and ppGpp Regulate the sigmaS Stress Response by Activating Promoters for the Small RNA DsrA and the Anti-Adapter Protein IraP.
Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Transmission in a Ghanaian Burn Unit: The Importance of Active Surveillance in Resource-Limited Settings.
A decade of RNA virus metagenomics is (not) enough.
Corrigendum to "Thaumasiovibrio occultus gen. nov. sp. nov. and Thaumasiovibrio subtropicus sp. nov. within the family Vibrionaceae, isolated from coral reef seawater off Ishigaki Island, Japan" [Syst. Appl. Microbiol. 40 (5) (2017) 290-296].
Influence of Bizerte city wastewater treatment plant (WWTP) on abundance and antibioresistance of culturable heterotrophic and fecal indicator bacteria of Bizerte Lagoon (Tunisia).
Isolation of Candida spp. from denture-related stomatitis in Para, Brazil.
Effect of dietary supplementation of nitrocompounds on Salmonella colonization and ileal immune gene expression in laying hens challenged with Salmonella Enteritidis.
Empirical, Metagenomic, and Computational Techniques Illuminate the Mechanisms by which Fungicides Compromise Bee Health.
A Cellular Fusion Cascade Regulated by LaeA Is Required for Sclerotial Development in Aspergillus flavus.
Gut microbiome alterations in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Future of keeping pet reptiles and amphibians: towards integrating animal welfare, human health and environmental sustainability.
SUMOylation of human septins is critical for septin filament bundling and cytokinesis.
Draft Genome Sequence of an Atypical Highly Virulent Rabbit Staphylococcus aureus Strain.
Application of nucleic acid aptamers for detection of Apple stem pitting virus isolates.
Variants of katG, inhA and nat genes are not associated with mutations in efflux pump genes (mmpL3 and mmpL7) in isoniazid-resistant clinical isolates of Mycobacterium tuberculosis from India.
Biomimetic fabrication of antibacterial calcium phosphates mediated by polydopamine.
Comparison of in-house IgM and IgG ELISAs for the serodiagnosis of melioidosis in Malaysia.
Microscopic and molecular analysis of Babesia canis in archived and diagnostic specimens reveal the impact of anti-parasitic treatment and postmortem changes on pathogen detection.
TBVAC2020: Advancing Tuberculosis Vaccines from Discovery to Clinical Development.
Antimicrobial resistance, virulence genes and genetic relatedness of Salmonella enterica serotype Enteritidis isolates recovered from human gastroenteritis in Tehran, Iran.
Trends in non-lactation breast abscesses in a tertiary hospital setting.
Viral haemorrhagic septicaemia virus (VHSV Id) infections are detected more consistently using syndromic vs. active surveillance.
Comparative genomics of the genus Desulfitobacterium.
Anti-Infective Effect of Adhesive Probiotic Lactobacillus in Fish is Correlated With Their Spatial Distribution in the Intestinal Tissue.
Environmental and behavioral changes may influence the exposure of an Arctic apex predator to pathogens and contaminants.
CTX-M-15-Producing Shewanella Species Clinical Isolate Expressing OXA-535, a Chromosome-Encoded OXA-48 Variant, Putative Progenitor of the Plasmid-Encoded OXA-436.
Probiotics administered intravaginally as a complementary therapy combined with antibiotics for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis: a systematic review protocol.
Ultrastructural and microbial analyses of cellulose degradation in leaf-cutter ant colonies.
Minimal standards for describing new species belonging to the families Campylobacteraceae and Helicobacteraceae: Campylobacter, Arcobacter, Helicobacter and Wolinella spp.
A brief review on the immunological scenario and recent developmental status of vaccines against enteric fever.
Housefly (Musca domestica) and Blow Fly (Protophormia terraenovae) as Vectors of Bacteria Carrying Colistin Resistance Genes.
Staphylococcus saprophyticus: Which beta-lactam?
Emerge of blaNDM-1 and blaOXA-48-like harboring carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae isolates from hospitalized patients in southwestern Iran.
Prevalence of urinary tract infections mimicking respiratory infections and risk factors associated.
Multilocus sequence typing and virulence genotyping of Streptococcus suis serotype 9 isolates revealed high genetic and virulence diversity.
Diversity and microevolution of CRISPR loci in Helicobacter cinaedi.
A Simple and Robust Method for Culturing Human-Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells in an Undifferentiated State Using Botulinum Hemagglutinin.
Type VI secretion systems in plant-associated bacteria.
Neck abscess due to Salmonella Choleraesuis: case study and literature review.
The first fatal case of Corynebacterium ulcerans infection in Japan.
Streptococcus suis serotype 9 endocarditis and subsequent severe meningitis in a growing pig despite specific bactericidal humoral immunity.
Complete Genome Sequence of Super Biofilm-Elaborating Staphylococcus aureus Isolated in Japan.
Radiation, radionuclides and bacteria: An in-perspective review.
Comparative analysis of clinics, pathologies and immune responses in BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice infected with Streptobacillus moniliformis.
Deciphering the complete deletion of the mgrB locus in an unusual colistin-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae isolate colonising the gut of a traveller returning from India.
Maternal vaccination as a Salmonella Typhimurium reduction strategy on pig farms.
Increasing candidaemia incidence from 2004 to 2015 with a shift in epidemiology in patients preexposed to antifungals.
Efficacy of chemical disinfectants for the containment of the salamander chytrid fungus Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans.
Genetic Characterization, Antimicrobial Resistance Patterns and Virulence Determinants of Staphylococcus aureus Isolated form Bovine Mastitis.
Legionellosis: a Walk-through to Identification of the Source of Infection.
Lymphogranuloma venereum rates increased and Chlamydia trachomatis genotypes changed among men who have sex with men in Sweden 2004-2016.
Ecogenomics of virophages and their giant virus hosts assessed through time series metagenomics.
Maternal High Fiber Diet during Pregnancy and Lactation Influences Regulatory T Cell Differentiation in Offspring in Mice.
Immune Cross-Opsonization Within emm Clusters Following Group A Streptococcus Skin Infection: Broadening the Scope of Type-Specific Immunity.
Assay optimisation and technology transfer for multi-site immuno-monitoring in vaccine trials.
Next-Generation Beneficial Microbes: The Case of Akkermansia muciniphila.
Molecular analysis of pyrazinamide resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis in Vietnam highlights the high rate of pyrazinamide resistance-associated mutations in clinical isolates.
Amplicon sequencing of bacterial microbiota in abortion material from cattle.
Long-term dynamics of Mycoplasma conjunctivae at the wildlife-livestock interface in the Pyrenees.
Molecular and Clinical Epidemiology of Salmonella Paratyphi A Isolated from Patients with Bacteremia in Nepal.
Propionibacterium acnes as an emerging pathogen in skull base osteomyelitis: A case series.
Functional Evaluation of an IKBKG Variant Suspected to Cause Immunodeficiency Without Ectodermal Dysplasia.
Expression of Collagenase is Regulated by the VarS/VarA Two-Component Regulatory System in Vibrio alginolyticus.
The Electron Transport Chain Sensitizes Staphylococcus aureus and Enterococcus faecalis to the Oxidative Burst.
6S RNA Mimics B-Form DNA to Regulate Escherichia coli RNA Polymerase.
Citrobacter rodentium Subverts ATP Flux and Cholesterol Homeostasis in Intestinal Epithelial Cells In Vivo.
Emergence of carbapenem resistant Escherichia coli isolates producing blaNDM and blaOXA-48-like carried on IncA/C and IncL/M plasmids at two Iranian university hospitals.
Molecular epidemiology of Clostridium difficile infection in a Brazilian cancer hospital.
Leishmania infection in rodents in Greece.
Selected aspects of the human gut microbiota.
Application of real-time quantitative PCR assays for detecting marine Brucella spp. in fish.
Risk factors for and role of OprD protein in increasing minimal inhibitory concentrations of carbapenems in clinical isolates of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
An avirulent Brachyspira hyodysenteriae strain elicits intestinal IgA and slows down spread of swine dysentery.
Soluble HLA-DR serum levels are associated with smoking but not with acute coronary syndrome.
A Cell-Free Biosensor for Detecting Quorum Sensing Molecules in P. aeruginosa-Infected Respiratory Samples.
Bacterial etiology and antibiotic resistance pattern of septicemia in HIV and non-HIV patients admitted to tertiary care hospitals, Shiraz, South of Iran.
Incorporating germination-induction into decontamination strategies for bacterial spores.
Comparison of MALDI-ToF MS with the Rapidec Carba NP test for the detection of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae.
Fragile coexistence of a global chytrid pathogen with amphibian populations is mediated by environment and demography.
Improvement of Insulin Sensitivity after Lean Donor Feces in Metabolic Syndrome Is Driven by Baseline Intestinal Microbiota Composition.
The European AntibotABE Framework Program and Its Update: Development of Innovative Botulinum Antibodies.
Impact of Sequential Culture Results on Diagnosis and De-Escalation of the Antibiotic Regimen in Joint and Bone Infections.
Diversity of Class 1 Integrons, and Disruption of carO and dacD by Insertion Sequences Among Acinetobacter baumannii Isolates in Tehran, Iran.
Microbial management of diabetic foot osteomyelitis.
Breastfeeding-related maternal microchimerism.
Towards individualized diagnostics of biofilm-associated infections: a case study.
Detection of known and novel ALK fusion transcripts in lung cancer patients using next-generation sequencing approaches.
Bacteriology in uncomplicated urinary tract infections in Norwegian general practice from 2001-2015.
Towards standards for human fecal sample processing in metagenomic studies.
A systematic review of leptospirosis on wild animals in Latin America.
New Insights about Antibiotic Production by Pseudomonas aeruginosa: A Gene Expression Analysis.
Ananke: temporal clustering reveals ecological dynamics of microbial communities.
Continuous Positive Airway Pressure: Is it a route for infection in those with Obstructive Sleep Apnoea?
Synergistic effect of eugenol, carvacrol, thymol, p-cymene and gamma-terpinene on inhibition of drug resistance and biofilm formation of oral bacteria.
Risk factors and clinical features of Acanthamoeba keratitis in a Tunisian tertiary eye care center.
Antihistone Autoantibodies in Dobermans With Hepatitis.
Draft Genome Sequences of Historical Strains of Coxiella burnetii Isolated from Cow \' s Milk and a Goat Placenta.
Draft Genome Sequences of the Avirulent Coxiella burnetii Dugway 7D77-80 and Dugway 7E65-68 Strains Isolated from Rodents in Dugway, Utah.
First Draft Genome Sequence of a Clinical Strain of Nocardia cerradoensis.
Cessation of screening for intestinal carriage of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in a low-endemicity intensive care unit with universal contact precautions.
Comparison of phenotypic and WGS-derived antimicrobial resistance profiles of enteroaggregative Escherichia coli isolated from cases of diarrhoeal disease in England, 2015-16.
Intraosteoblastic activity of daptomycin in combination with oxacillin and ceftaroline against MSSA and MRSA.
Professor Dieter Haas (1945-2017).
Nasopharyngeal Pneumococcal Colonization and Impact of a Single Dose of 13-Valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine in Indian Children With HIV and Their Unvaccinated Parents.
In vitro activity of kombucha tea ethyl acetate fraction against Malassezia species isolated from seborrhoeic dermatitis.
Proteolytic activity and cooperative hemolytic effect of dermatophytes with different species of bacteria.
Ecophysiology of Freshwater Verrucomicrobia Inferred from Metagenome-Assembled Genomes.
Clonal diversity and detection of carbapenem resistance encoding genes among multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii isolates recovered from patients and environment in two intensive care units in a Moroccan hospital.
Nano-sized zinc oxide and silver, but not titanium dioxide, induce innate and adaptive immunity and antiviral response in differentiated THP-1 cells.
Vpma phase variation is important for survival and persistence of Mycoplasma agalactiae in the immunocompetent host.
Epidemiology of Panton-Valentine Leukocidin harbouring Staphylococcus aureus in cutaneous infections from Iran: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gly184 of the Escherichia coli cAMP receptor protein provides optimal context for both DNA binding and RNA polymerase interaction.
Infection of recurrent calcaneal ulcer caused by a biofilm-producer Myroides odoratimimus strain.
The Annona muricata leaf ethanol extract affects mobility and reproduction in mutant strain NB327 Caenorhabditis elegans.
Antimicrobial Susceptibility among Urban Wastewater and Wild Shellfish Isolates of Non-O1/Non-O139 Vibrio cholerae from La Rance Estuary (Brittany, France).
Lactobacillus iners, the unusual suspect.
Caecibacterium sporoformans gen. nov., sp. nov., an anaerobic, butyrate-producing, spore-forming bacterium isolated from chicken caecum.
Comparative population pharmacokinetics and absolute oral bioavailability of COX-2 selective inhibitors celecoxib, mavacoxib and meloxicam in cockatiels (Nymphicus hollandicus).
A metabolic pathway for catabolizing levulinic acid in bacteria.
A timeline of hydrogen sulfide (H2S) research: From environmental toxin to biological mediator.
Co-resistance to colistin and tigecycline by disrupting mgrB and ramR with IS insertions in a canine Klebsiella pneumoniae ST37 isolate producing SHV-12, DHA-1 and FosA3.
Immuno-detection of cleaved SNAP-25 from differentiated mouse embryonic stem cells provides a sensitive assay for determination of botulinum A toxin and antitoxin potency.
Melittin and its potential in the destruction and inhibition of the biofilm formation by Staphylococcus aureus, Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolated from bovine milk.
Enterococcus faecalis and pathogenic streptococci inactivate daptomycin by releasing phospholipids.
Complement Immune Evasion by Spirochetes.
Modulatory Influence of Segmented Filamentous Bacteria on Transcriptomic Response of Gnotobiotic Mice Exposed to TCDD.
Draft Genome Sequence of Rubricoccus marinus SG-29T, a Marine Bacterium within the Family Rhodothermaceae, Which Contains Two Different Rhodopsin Genes.
Draft Genome Sequences of Three Coxiella burnetii Strains Isolated from Q Fever Patients.
Seroepidemiology and risk factors of Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever among butchers and slaughterhouse workers in southeastern Iran.
Shifting trends in bacteriology and antimicrobial resistance among gastrointestinal fistula patients in China: an eight-year review in a tertiary-care hospital.
Differential virulence between Asian and African lineages of Zika virus.
Accuracy of a rapid intrapartum group B Streptococcus test: A new immunochromatographic assay.
Neisseria dumasiana sp. nov. from human sputum and a dog \' s mouth.
Evidences of the Low Implication of Mosquitoes in the Transmission of Mycobacterium ulcerans, the Causative Agent of Buruli Ulcer.
A longitudinal analysis of the vaginal microbiota and vaginal immune mediators in women from sub-Saharan Africa.
Factors associated with hepatitis C prevalence differ by the stage of liver fibrosis: A cross-sectional study in the general population in Poland, 2012-2016.
The Genus Artemisia: a 2012-2017 Literature Review on Chemical Composition, Antimicrobial, Insecticidal and Antioxidant Activities of Essential Oils.
Detection of Bacterial Pathogens from Broncho-Alveolar Lavage by Next-Generation Sequencing.
The Degree of One Health Implementation in the West Nile Virus Integrated Surveillance in Northern Italy, 2016.
Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli bacteremia: Comparison of pediatric and adult populations.
The role of CTX and RS1 satellite phages genomic arrangement in Vibrio cholera toxin production in two recent cholera outbreaks (2012 and 2013) in IR Iran.
A childhood-onset intestinal toxemia botulism during chemotherapy for relapsed acute leukemia.
The Effect of Lysozyme on Reducing Biofilms by Staphylococcus aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Gardnerella vaginalis: An In Vitro Examination.
Stilbene Boronic Acids Form a Covalent Bond with Human Transthyretin and Inhibit Its Aggregation.
Antimicrobial activity of yeasts against some pathogenic bacteria.
Yersinia enterocolitica biotype 1A: a possible new trigger of reactive arthritis.
Antimicrobial resistance patterns of Staphylococcus species isolated from cats presented at a veterinary academic hospital in South Africa.
Acinetobacter baumannii isolated from hospital-acquired infection: biofilm production and drug susceptibility.
Feasibility of Metatranscriptome Analysis from Infant Gut Microbiota: Adaptation to Solid Foods Results in Increased Activity of Firmicutes at Six Months.
Opening Pandora \' s Box: Mechanisms of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Resuscitation.
Data exploration, quality control and statistical analysis of ChIP-exo/nexus experiments.
Genetic characterization of blaNDM-harboring plasmids in carbapenem-resistant Escherichia coli from Myanmar.
Deep learning approach to bacterial colony classification.
Characterization of vB_SauM-fRuSau02, a Twort-Like Bacteriophage Isolated from a Therapeutic Phage Cocktail.
Multi-locus sequence typing of Streptococcus equi subspecies zooepidemicus strains isolated from cats.
Comparison of whole genome sequencing to restriction endonuclease analysis and gel diffusion precipitin-based serotyping of Pasteurella multocida.
Brachyspira hyodysenteriae detection in the large intestine of slaughtered pigs.
Molecular detection of Anaplasma platys, Anaplasma phagocytophilum and Wolbachia sp. but not Ehrlichia canis in Croatian dogs.
Genome-Enabled Insights into the Ecophysiology of the Comammox Bacterium "Candidatus Nitrospira nitrosa".
Prevalence of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in retail food in Singapore.
Comparison of Automated Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing Systems To Detect mecC-Positive Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Genomic Characterization of Urethritis-Associated Neisseria meningitidis Shows that a Wide Range of N. meningitidis Strains Can Cause Urethritis.
Salmonella enterica subsp. diarizonae serotype 61:k:1,5,(7) associated with chronic proliferative rhinitis and high nasal colonization rates in a flock of Texel sheep in Switzerland.
Persistence of Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae sequence types in spite of a control program for enzootic pneumonia in pigs.
Review of egg-related salmonellosis and reduction strategies in United States, Australia, United Kingdom and New Zealand.
First insights in the variability of Borrelia recurrentis genomes.
Probing the internal micromechanical properties of Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilms by Brillouin imaging.
Inside the guts of the city: Urban-induced alterations of the gut microbiota in a wild passerine.
Does the Host Contribute to Modulation of Mycotoxin Production by Fruit Pathogens?
Immunomodulatory potential of beta-glucan as supportive treatment in porcine rotavirus enteritis.
Neither genotyping nor contact tracing allow correct understanding of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis transmission.
Low Rate of babA2 Genotype among Iranian Helicobacter pylori Clinical Isolates.
Rapid and affordable size-selected PacBio single-molecule real-time sequencing template library construction using the bead-beating DNA extraction method.
Susceptibility of Mycobacterium tuberculosis-infected host cells to phospho-MLKL driven necroptosis is dependent on cell type and presence of TNFalpha.
Rotavirus vaccine response correlates with the infant gut microbiota composition in Pakistan.
Other Helicobacters, gastric and gut microbiota.
Diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori infection.
30th anniversary of the European helicobacter &amp; microbiota study group!
Variation of mucin adhesion, cell surface characteristics, and molecular mechanisms among Lactobacillus plantarum isolated from different habitats.
Leptospirosis Cases in the Tokyo Metropolitan Area, Japan.
A Case of Community-Acquired Pneumonia Due to Legionella pneumophila Serogroup 9 Wherein Initial Treatment with Single-Dose Oral Azithromycin Appeared Useful.
Contribution of Cyclic di-GMP in the Control of Type III and Type VI Secretion in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Relationship between bacteriology report time in the morning and length of stay in hospital after the report.
Fibronectin-/fibrinogen-binding protein (FBPS) is not a critical virulence factor for the Streptococcus suis serotype 2 strain ZY05719.
Recombinant flagellin-PAL fusion protein of Legionella pneumophila induced cell-mediated and protective immunity against bacteremia in BALB/c mice.
Proteomic comparison of three clinical diarrhoeagenic drug-resistant Escherichia coli isolates grown on CHROMagar STEC media.
Atypical bacterial etiology of acute respiratory infections and clinical characterizations among Iranian children.
Evidence for a primate origin of zoonotic Helicobacter suis colonizing domesticated pigs.
The in vitro and ex vivo effect of Auranta 3001 in preventing Cryptosporidium hominis and Cryptosporidium parvum infection.
Clarithromycin-based therapy of Helicobacter pylori in Iran.
[Characteristics of epidemiology and antimicrobial resistance of gram-negative bacterial bloodstream infections in children].
Characterization of the Functional Variance in MbtH-like Protein Interactions with a Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase.
Establishing a national laboratory quality system for HIV diagnosis and monitoring in resource-limited settings: Experience from Senegal.
Inhibition of SHIP2 in CD2AP-deficient podocytes ameliorates reactive oxygen species generation but aggravates apoptosis.
Environmental surveillance during an outbreak of tularaemia in hares, the Netherlands, 2015.
[Secreted expression of Japanese encephalitis virus prME in Pichia pastoris and immunogenicity evaluation of the virus-like particles in mice].
Bacterial contamination of platelet components not detected by BacT/ALERT .
Importance of Resolving Fungal Nomenclature: the Case of Multiple Pathogenic Species in the Cryptococcus Genus.
Revitalization of a Forward Genetic Screen Identifies Three New Regulators of Fungal Secondary Metabolism in the Genus Aspergillus.
High-Level Resistance to Colistin Mediated by Various Mutations in the crrB Gene among Carbapenemase-Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Transcriptional and Mutational Profiling of an Aminoglycoside-Resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa Small-Colony Variant.
Deleterious effect of Usutu virus on human neural cells.
Comparative Genomic Analysis of Neutrophilic Iron(II) Oxidizer Genomes for Candidate Genes in Extracellular Electron Transfer.
Inhibition of Fungal Pathogens across Genotypes and Temperatures by Amphibian Skin Bacteria.
Natural resistance of Sri Lankan village chicken to Salmonella gallinarum infection.
Torque Teno Virus (TTV) Among beta-Thalassemia and Haemodialysis Patients in Mazandaran Province (North of Iran).
Do amyloid structures formed by Staphylococcus aureus phenol-soluble modulins have a biological function?
Type III CRISPR-Cas systems: when DNA cleavage just isn \' t enough.
Small animal disease surveillance: GI disease and salmonellosis.
Dissection of the molecular circuitry controlling virulence in Francisella tularensis.
Spatial distribution and risk factors of Schistosoma haematobium and hookworm infections among schoolchildren in Kwale, Kenya.
Metabolic Network Analysis and Metatranscriptomics Reveal Auxotrophies and Nutrient Sources of the Cosmopolitan Freshwater Microbial Lineage acI.
Effect of Pre-weaning Diet on the Ruminal Archaeal, Bacterial, and Fungal Communities of Dairy Calves.
Genomic Characteristics of Bifidobacterium thermacidophilum Pig Isolates and Wild Boar Isolates Reveal the Unique Presence of a Putative Mobile Genetic Element with tetW for Pig Farm Isolates.
Whole-Genome Sequence of Streptococcus agalactiae Strain S13, Isolated from a Fish Eye from a Nile Tilapia Farm in Southern Brazil.
Complete Genome Sequences of Two Swiss Hepatitis E Virus Isolates from Human Stool and Raw Pork Sausage.
Complete Genome Sequence of Systemically Disseminated Sequence Type 8 Staphylococcal Cassette Chromosome mec Type IVl Community-Acquired Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Immune discrepancies during in vitro granuloma formation in response to Cutibacterium (formerly Propionibacterium) acnes infection.
Sinus bacteriology in patients with cystic fibrosis or primary ciliary dyskinesia: A systematic review.
OXA-427, a new plasmid-borne carbapenem-hydrolysing class D beta-lactamase in Enterobacteriaceae.
Development and trial of vaccines against Brucella.
Revisiting the taxonomy of the genus Elizabethkingia using whole-genome sequencing, optical mapping, and MALDI-TOF, along with proposal of three novel Elizabethkingia species: Elizabethkingia bruuniana sp. nov., Elizabethkingia ursingii sp. nov., and Elizabethkingia occulta sp. nov.
Peptidomic analysis of the venom of the solitary bee Xylocopa appendiculata circumvolans.
Multicentre evaluation of the BYG Carba v2.0 test, a simplified electrochemical assay for the rapid laboratory detection of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae.
Current and future therapies for Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Tryptorubin A: A Polycyclic Peptide from a Fungus-Derived Streptomycete.
Characterization of the fungal flora of dolo, a traditional fermented beverage of Burkina Faso, using MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry.
Isolation and Identification of Nonoral Pathogenic Bacteria in the Oral Cavity of Patients with Removable Dentures.
Etiology of acute respiratory disease in fattening pigs in Finland.
A broad range quorum sensing inhibitor working through sRNA inhibition.
The human vaginal microbial community.
3D mosquito screens to create window double screen traps for mosquito control.
Efficacy of one dose vaccination against experimental infection with two Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae strains.
The impact of drug resistance on the risk of tuberculosis infection and disease in child household contacts: a cross sectional study.
An optical method for carbon dioxide isotopes and mole fractions in small gas samples: Tracing microbial respiration from soil, litter, and lignin.
Genome Reduction for Niche Association in Campylobacter Hepaticus, A Cause of Spotty Liver Disease in Poultry.
Genome Plasticity and Polymorphisms in Critical Genes Correlate with Increased Virulence of Dutch Outbreak-Related Coxiella burnetii Strains.
Heterogeneous Genetic Location of mcr-1 in Colistin-Resistant Escherichia coli Isolates from Humans and Retail Chicken Meat in Switzerland: Emergence of mcr-1-Carrying IncK2 Plasmids.
Nitazoxanide Analogs Require Nitroreduction for Antimicrobial Activity in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Presence of different hepatitis C virus genotypes in plasma and peripheral blood mononuclear cell samples of Iranian patients with HIV infection.
Prevalence of beta-lactamase genes in domestic washing machines and dishwashers and the impact of laundering processes on antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
SMU.940 regulates dextran-dependent aggregation and biofilm formation in Streptococcus mutans.
Metabolic, Epigenetic, and Transgenerational Effects of Gut Bacterial Choline Consumption.
Staging of recent HIV-1 infection using Geenius rapid confirmatory assay compared to INNO-LIA, New Lav and Blot 2.2 assays.
Anxiety and depression in adult outpatients with bronchiectasis: Associations with disease severity and health-related quality of life.
Beneficial microbial signals from alternative feed ingredients: a way to improve sustainability of broiler production?
The contribution of microbial biotechnology to sustainable development goals.
Proposal to modify Rule 10a and to delete Recommendation 10a(3) from the International Code of Nomenclature of Prokaryotes.
Antimicrobial and Antioxidant Activities of the Extract and Fractions of Tetradenia riparia (Hochst.) Codd (Lamiaceae) Leaves from Brazil.
nim gene-independent metronidazole-resistant Bacteroides fragilis in surgical site infections.
Genome Sequence of Clostridium botulinum Strain Adk2012 Associated with a Foodborne Botulinum Case in Tottori, Japan, in 2012.
Complete Sequence of a Staphylococcus aureus Clonal Complex 81 Strain, the Dominant Lineage in Food Poisoning Outbreaks in Japan.
Evaluation of marker gene expression as a potential predictive marker of leukopenic toxicity for inactivated influenza vaccines.
Outbreaks of influenza B infection and pneumococcal pneumonia at a mental health facility in Japan.
Multikingdom microscale models.
The prevalence and incidence of active syphilis in women in Morocco, 1995-2016: Model-based estimation and implications for STI surveillance.
Epizootics of Streptococcus agalactiae infection in captive rays from Queensland, Australia.
Lipoteichoic acid upregulates plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 expression in parapneumonic effusions.
Effect of ultrasonic irradiation on bacterial biofilms.
Disparate subcellular location of putative sortase substrates in Clostridium difficile.
Towards a Universal Molecular Microbiological Test.
Development of water-soluble 3,5-dinitrophenyl tetrazole and oxadiazole antitubercular agents.
Update on Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae infections in pigs: Knowledge gaps for improved disease control.
C4B gene influences intestinal microbiota through complement activation in patients with paediatric-onset inflammatory bowel disease.
Using MALDI-TOF MS typing method to decipher outbreak: the case of Staphylococcus saprophyticus causing urinary tract infections (UTIs) in Marseille, France.
Prevalence of Bacterial Vaginosis and Associated Risk Factors among Women Complaining of Genital Tract Infection.
Two-Component Signal Transduction: a Special Issue in the Journal of Bacteriology.
Emergence and clonal transmission of multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis among patients in Chad.
Prevalence of Slow-Growth Vancomycin Nonsusceptibility in Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Effectiveness of automated ultraviolet-C light for decontamination of textiles inoculated with Enterococcus faecium.
A reliable combination method to identification and typing of epidemic and endemic clones among clinical isolates of Acinetobacter baumannii.
Broad Targeting Specificity during Bacterial Type III CRISPR-Cas Immunity Constrains Viral Escape.
Bifidobacterium obtained from mother \' s milk and their infant stool; A comparative genotyping and antibacterial analysis.
Application of MALDI-TOF MS fingerprinting as a quick tool for identification and clustering of foodborne pathogens isolated from food products.
Staphylococcus aureus from atopic dermatitis skin alters cytokine production triggered by monocyte-derived Langerhans cell.
Salmonella ubiquitination: ARIH1 enters the fray.
Different Look in to the Role of Flagella in Pathogenesis of Helicobacter pylori.
Re: Preoperative Urine Culture Results Correlate Poorly with Bacteriology of Urologic Prosthetic Device Infections.
Analysis of multidrug resistant group B streptococci with reduced penicillin susceptibility forming small, less hemolytic colonies.
Staphylococcus Aureus Carriage in French Athletes at Risk of CA-MRSA Infection: a Prospective, Cross-sectional Study.
OmpA protein sequence-based typing and virulence-associated gene profiles of Pasteurella multocida isolates associated with bovine haemorrhagic septicaemia and porcine pneumonic pasteurellosis in Thailand.
Delayed effects of transcriptional responses in Mycobacterium tuberculosis exposed to nitric oxide suggest other mechanisms involved in survival.
Male-specific pulmonary hemorrhage and cytokine gene expression in golden hamster in early-phase Leptospira interrogans serovar Hebdomadis infection.
The length of poly(C) stretch in the Bordetella pertussis Pfim3 promoter determines the vag or vrg function of the fim3 gene.
Effect of Shin \' iseihaito (Xinyiqingfeitang) on Acute Streptococcus pneumoniae Murine Sinusitis via Macrophage Activation.
Pro- and anti-inflammatory responses of peripheral blood mononuclear cells induced by Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa phages.
Binding of the Helicobacter pylori OipA causes apoptosis of host cells via modulation of Bax/Bcl-2 levels.
Mass spectrometry analysis of intact Francisella bacteria identifies lipid A structure remodeling in response to acidic pH stress.
IncX3 plasmid harboring a non-Tn4401 genetic element (NTEKPC) in a hospital-associated clone of KPC-2-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae ST340/CG258.
Echinococcus felidis in hippopotamus, South Africa.
Trends in Adult Chlamydia and Gonorrhea Prevalence, Incidence and Urethral Discharge Case Reporting in Morocco over 1995-2015-Estimates Using the Spectrum-Sexually Transmitted Infection Model.
Prevalence and risk factors for colonization of Clostridium difficile among adults living near livestock farms in the Netherlands.
Estimating the between-farm transmission rates for highly pathogenic avian influenza subtype H5N1 epidemics in Bangladesh between 2007 and 2013.
The pattern of IL-24/mda-7 and its cognate receptors expression following activation of human hepatic stellate cells.
Leptospirosis on captive wild animals in Latin America.
Rapid and visual detection of Leptospira in urine by LigB-LAMP assay with pre-addition of dye.
Exploring the potential of T7 bacteriophage protein Gp2 as a novel inhibitor of mycobacterial RNA polymerase.
Edoardo Maragliano (1849-1940): The unfortunate fate of a real pioneer in the fight against tuberculosis.
Association between dementia and reduced walking ability and 30-day mortality in patients with extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli bacteremia.
Cellular Entry of Clostridium perfringens Iota-Toxin and Clostridium botulinum C2 Toxin.
Salmonella SPI-2 Type III Secretion System Effectors: Molecular Mechanisms And Physiological Consequences.
Selection and transfer of an IncI1-tet(A) plasmid of Escherichia coli in an ex vivo model of the porcine caecum at doxycycline concentrations caused by crosscontaminated feed.
Clinical metagenomics of bone and joint infections: a proof of concept study.
Specific status of Echinococcus canadensis (Cestoda: Taeniidae) inferred from nuclear and mitochondrial gene sequences.
Comment on "Gastric cancer and family history".
Pseudomonas aeruginosa defense systems against microbicidal oxidants.
Molecular characterisation of infectious pancreatic necrosis viruses isolated from farmed fish in Finland.
Swine enteric colibacillosis: diagnosis, therapy and antimicrobial resistance.
French Prospective Clinical Evaluation of the Aptima Mycoplasma genitalium CE-IVD Assay and Macrolide Resistance Detection Using Three Distinct Assays.
Non-classical Protein Excretion Is Boosted by PSMalpha-Induced Cell Leakage.
The Effect of RGD/NGR Peptide Modification of Melanoma Differentiation-Associated Gene-7/Interleukin-24 on Its Receptor Attachment, an In Silico Analysis.
Mass mortalities of unknown aetiology in Pacific oysters Crassostrea gigas in Port Stephens, New South Wales, Australia.
Comment on "Effects of Helicobacter pylori treatment on rosacea: A single-arm clinical trial study".
A case of pulmonary infection due to Mycobacterium paraffinicum from the Amazon Region.
Protective effects of high-potency FMDV O1 Manisa monovalent vaccine in cattle challenged with FMDV O/SKR/2010 at 7 or 4 days post vaccination.
Minimum information about a single amplified genome (MISAG) and a metagenome-assembled genome (MIMAG) of bacteria and archaea.
Regulatory T cell activity in immunosuppresive mice model of pseudomonas aeruginosa pneumonia.
Roles of Transcriptional and Translational Control Mechanisms in Regulation of Ribosomal Protein Synthesis in Escherichia coli.
Comparison of methods available for identification of Mycobacterium chimaera.
The bacterial species associated with aspirated foreign bodies in children.
The establishment of a WHO Reference Reagent for anti-malaria (Plasmodium falciparum) human serum.
Evaluation of a xenogeneic vascular endothelial growth factor-2 vaccine in two preclinical metastatic tumor models in mice.
Genome Sequences of Brucella melitensis, Isolated from Blood Samples of Brucellosis Patients in Malaysia.
Multi-drug-resistant Enterobacteriacae carriage in highly exposed nursing homes: prevalence in western France.
Tumour-targeting bacteria-based cancer therapies for increased specificity and improved outcome.
Seroprevalence of anti-Chlamydia trachomatis IgM in neonatal respiratory tract infections in Hungary.
Extra-corporeal membrane oxygenation-associated infections: implication of extra-intestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli clones.
Transcriptome-Based Modeling Reveals that Oxidative Stress Induces Modulation of the AtfA-Dependent Signaling Networks in Aspergillus nidulans.
Diversity of Cervical Microbiota in Asymptomatic Chlamydia trachomatis Genital Infection: A Pilot Study.
Is meiosis a fundamental cause of inviability among sexual and asexual plants and animals?
Evaluation of a New Commercial Microarray Platform for the Simultaneous Detection of beta-Lactamase and mcr-1 and mcr-2 Genes in Enterobacteriaceae.
Tick surveillance for Borrelia miyamotoi and phylogenetic analysis of isolates in Mongolia and Japan.
Infectious keratoconjunctivitis and occurrence of Mycoplasma conjunctivae and Chlamydiaceae in small domestic ruminants from Central Karakoram, Pakistan.
Basic Fibroblast Growth Factor-Anchored Multilayered Mesenchymal Cell Sheets Accelerate Periosteal Bone Formation.
Genetic Evidence for Erythrocyte Receptor Glycophorin B Expression Levels Defining a Dominant Plasmodium falciparum Invasion Pathway into Human Erythrocytes.
Regulation of the Locus of Enterocyte Effacement in Attaching and Effacing Pathogens.
Single tracheal inoculation of Aspergillus fumigatus conidia induced aspergillosis in juvenile falcons (Falco spp.).
Anti-epileptic drugs induce cutaneous lymphocyte-associated antigen downregulation leading to potential human herpes virus-7 reactivation in clinically asymptomatic patients.
Norgestimate inhibits staphylococcal biofilm formation and resensitizes methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus to beta-lactam antibiotics.
Outbreak of health care-associated Burkholderia cenocepacia bacteremia and infection attributed to contaminated sterile gel used for central line insertion under ultrasound guidance and other procedures.
A review of methods used for studying the molecular epidemiology of Brachyspira hyodysenteriae.
Presence and mechanisms of acquired antimicrobial resistance in Belgian Brachyspira hyodysenteriae isolates belonging to different clonal complexes.
Bacteriology of peritonsillar abscess: the changing trend and predisposing factors.
Sputum bacteriology and clinical response to antibiotics in moderate exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Development of a reliable experimental set-up for Dover sole larvae Solea solea L. and exploring the possibility of implementing this housing system in a gnotobiotic model.
Mycobacterial DNA-binding protein 1 is critical for long term survival of Mycobacterium smegmatis and simultaneously coordinates cellular functions.
Fibrobacter communities in the gastrointestinal tracts of diverse hindgut-fermenting herbivores are distinct from those of the rumen.
Protective effects of in vivo-expressed autotransporters against Bordetella pertussis infection.
Changes of haemogram and serum biochemistry in neonatal piglet diarrhoea associated with porcine rotavirus type A.
The etiology and bacteriology of healthcare-associated empyema are quite different from those of community-acquired empyema.
Isolation of six novel 7-oxo- or urso-type secondary bile acid-producing bacteria from rat cecal contents.
Molecular epidemiology of Bordetella pertussis in Cambodia determined by direct genotyping of clinical specimens.
Stability of bacteriophages in burn wound care products.
Demodex folliculorum associated Bacillus pumilus in lesional areas in rosacea.
Staphylococcus epidermidis: a major player in bacterial sepsis?
Macrococcus canis and M. caseolyticus in dogs: occurrence, genetic diversity and antibiotic resistance.
Mycobacteria Modify Their Cell Size Control under Sub-Optimal Carbon Sources.
Asymmetric drop coalescence launches fungal ballistospores with directionality.
Temporal and spatial analysis of psittacosis in association with poultry farming in the Netherlands, 2000-2015.
Combining Genome-Scale Experimental and Computational Methods To Identify Essential Genes in Rhodobacter sphaeroides.
Erratum for Linz et al., "Bacterial Community Composition and Dynamics Spanning Five Years in Freshwater Bog Lakes".
Visualizing Antimicrobials in Bacterial Biofilms: Three-Dimensional Biochemical Imaging Using TOF-SIMS.
Structural Insights into the TLA-3 Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamase and Its Inhibition by Avibactam and OP0595.
Next-generation sequencing to monitor the spread of antimicrobial resistance.
[Healthcare-associated bacteraemia in intensive care units of Ibn Rochd University Hospital, Casablanca].
Molecular characterization of Streptococcus pneumoniae, particularly serotype19A/ST320, which emerged in Krasnoyarsk, Russia.
Clonal Analysis of Regulatory T Cell Defect in Patients with Autoimmune Polyendocrine Syndrome Type 1 Suggests Intrathymic Impairment.
Prevalence of, and risk factors for, carriage of carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae among hospitalized patients in Japan.
Gas Gangrene of Different Origin Associated with Clostridium perfringens Type A in Three Patients Simultaneously Hospitalized in a Single Department of Orthopedics and Traumatology in Poland.
Linezolid activity against clinical Gram-positive cocci with advanced antimicrobial drug resistance in Iran.
Effects of an Airway Clearance Device on Inflammation, Bacteriology, and Mucus Transport in Bronchiectasis.
Development and evaluation of latex agglutination tests for the detection of human antibodies to the lipopolysaccharides of verocytotoxin-producing Escherichia coli (VTEC) serogroups O157 and non-O157.
Mortality Rate and Antibiotic Resistance in Complicated Diverticulitis: Report of 272 Consecutive Patients Worldwide: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Cohesion: a method for quantifying the connectivity of microbial communities.
Review of Antibiotic Resistance in the Indian Ocean Commission: A Human and Animal Health Issue.
Meningococcal disease outbreak related to the World Scout Jamboree in Japan, 2015.
68Ga-Pentixafor PET/CT Imaging of Chemokine Receptor CXCR4 in Chronic Infection of the Bone: First Insights.
Increased colistin resistance upon acquisition of the plasmid-mediated mcr-1 gene in Escherichia coli isolates with chromosomally encoded reduced susceptibility to polymyxins.
Inhibiting effects of fructanase on competence-stimulating peptide-dependent quorum sensing system in Streptococcus mutans.
An attenuated Shigella mutant lacking the RNA-binding protein Hfq provides cross-protection against Shigella strains of broad serotype.
SiMa Cells for a Serotype Specific and Sensitive Cell-Based Neutralization Test for Botulinum Toxin A and E.
Spectrophotometric photodynamic detection involving extracorporeal treatment with hexaminolevulinate for bladder cancer cells in voided urine.
Ten years transmission of the new variant of Chlamydia trachomatis in Sweden: prevalence of infections and associated complications.
Comparative analysis of vaginal microbiota sampling using 16S rRNA gene analysis.
Type III CRISPR-Cas systems produce cyclic oligoadenylate second messengers.
Temporal dynamics of bacterial microbiota in the human oral cavity determined using an in situ model of dental biofilms.
Oral treatment with Eubacterium hallii improves insulin sensitivity in db/db mice.
Effect of ultraviolet treatment on bacterial attachment and osteogenic activity to alkali-treated titanium with nanonetwork structures.
An In Vitro Chicken Gut Model Demonstrates Transfer of a Multidrug Resistance Plasmid from Salmonella to Commensal Escherichia coli.
Adhesion and invasion of Clostridium perfringens type A into epithelial cells.
A quantitative swab is a good non-invasive alternative to a quantitative biopsy for quantifying bacterial load in wounds healing by second intention in horses.
Epidemiological study of gastric Helicobacter spp. in dogs with gastrointestinal disease in Japan and diversity of Helicobacter heilmannii sensu stricto.
Visual detection of Brucella in bovine biological samples using DNA-activated gold nanoparticles.
Infective Endocarditis in French West Indies: A 13-Year Observational Study.
Case Report: Clinical Features of a Case of Suspected Borrelia miyamotoi Disease in Hokkaido, Japan.
Emerging Fusarium and Alternaria Mycotoxins: Occurrence, Toxicity and Toxicokinetics.
Bacteriology Of Diabetic Foot In Tertiary Care Hospital; Frequency, Antibiotic Susceptibility And Risk Factors.
Clinical Characteristics of Bacteremia Caused by Extended-spectrum Beta-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli at a Tertiary Hospital.
Polymicrobial infections and biofilms in women \' s health: Gahro Expert Group Meeting Report.
TLR1-10, NF-kappaB and p53 expression is increased in oral lichenoid disease.
Characterizing the malaria rural-to-urban transmission interface: The importance of reactive case detection.
Isolation of Brucella pinnipedialis from Grey Seals (Halichoerus grypus) in the Baltic Sea.
Microglia in steady state.
Exploring the Diversity of Field Strains of Brucella abortus Biovar 3 Isolated in West Africa.
Specificity and putative mode of action of a mosquito larvicidal toxin from the bacterium Xenorhabdus innexi.
Retrospective genomic analysis of Vibrio cholerae O1 El Tor strains from different places in India reveals the presence of ctxB-7 allele found in Haitian isolates.
Long-Distance Dispersal of Fungi.
A Long-Term Study of the Diversity of OXA-48-Like Carbapenemase-Producing Bacterial Strains in Infected Patients and Carriers.
Hyperinvasiveness and increased intercellular spread of Listeria monocytogenes sequence type 1 are independent of listeriolysin S, internalin F and internalin J1.
Postoperative Enterococcus faecalis endophthalmitis: virulence factors leading to poor visual outcome.
More than just a gut feeling: constraint-based genome-scale metabolic models for predicting functions of human intestinal microbes.
Epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus in a burn unit of a tertiary care center in Ghana.
Space-time analysis of pneumonia hospitalisations in the Netherlands.
Host niche may determine disease-driven extinction risk.
Genome wide host gene expression analysis in mice experimentally infected with Pasteurella multocida.
Pathotyping and antibiotic resistance of porcine enterovirulent Escherichia coli strains from Switzerland (2014-2015).
Clinical and microbiological aspects of the use of Lactobacillus rhamnosus PL1 strains in proctological patients with symptoms of chronic proctitis.
Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal children in Western Australia carry different serotypes of pneumococci with different antimicrobial susceptibility profiles.
Paenibacillus spp. isolated from human and environmental samples in Spain: detection of 11 new species.
Phage therapy: assessment of the efficacy of a bacteriophage isolated in the treatment of salmonellosis induced by Salmonella enteritidis in mice.
Effect of TGF-beta/smad signaling pathway blocking on expression profiles of miR-335, miR-150, miR-194, miR-27a, and miR-199a of hepatic stellate cells (HSCs).
Use of Single-Frequency Impedance Spectroscopy to Characterize the Growth Dynamics of Biofilm Formation in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Survey of interdigital phlegmon outbreaks and their risk factors in free stall dairy herds in Finland.
A high seroprevalence of antibodies to pertussis toxin among Japanese adults: Qualitative and quantitative analyses.
Algibacter aquaticus sp. nov., a slightly alkaliphilic marine Flavobacterium isolated from coastal surface water.
Small molecule metalloprotease inhibitor with in vitro, ex vivo and in vivo efficacy against botulinum neurotoxin serotype A.
Pulmonary empyema caused by co-infections of Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Fusobacterium necrophorum: A rare case of lemierre syndrome.
Surgical site infection with extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae after cardiac surgery: incidence and risk factors.
Pyrazinamide resistance-conferring mutations in pncA and the transmission of multidrug resistant TB in Georgia.
Antimicrobial Resistant Pattern and Capsular Typing of Streptococcus Pneumoniae Isolated from Children in Sistan -Baluchestan.
Circulating tumor cells in peripheral and pulmonary venous blood predict poor long-term survival in resected non-small cell lung cancer patients.
Distribution of Chlamydia trachomatis genotypes in neonatal conjunctivitis in Hungary.
Bacterial strain changes during chronic otitis media surgery.
The Importance of Parameters: MPV, MPV/Thrombocyte Ratio and Neutrophil/Lymphocyte Ratio in Sorafenib Treatment Response of Patients with Hepatocellular Cancer.
Arginase purified from endophytic Pseudomonas aeruginosa IH2: Induce apoptosis through both cell cycle arrest and MMP loss in human leukemic HL-60 cells.
Transient changes in milk production efficiency and bacterial community composition resulting from near-total exchange of ruminal contents between high- and low-efficiency Holstein cows.
Field evaluation of candidate baits for oral delivery of BCG vaccine to European badgers, Meles meles.
Clinical and bacteriological differences of deep neck infection in pediatric and adult patients: Review of 123 cases.
Genome-Scale Model and Omics Analysis of Metabolic Capacities of Akkermansia muciniphila Reveal a Preferential Mucin-Degrading Lifestyle.
[Preanalytical step in bacteriology : a practical overview for family physicians].
Draft Genome Sequence of a Multidrug-Resistant Sequence Type 231 Outbreak-Associated Clone of Klebsiella pneumoniae, KP41-2015, Producing OXA-232 Carbapenemase.
Bacterial Community Composition and Dynamics Spanning Five Years in Freshwater Bog Lakes.
MybA, a transcription factor involved in conidiation and conidial viability of the human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus.
Specific and Cross-reactive Plasmablast Response in Humans after Primary and Secondary Immunization with Vi Capsular Polysaccharide Typhoid Vaccine.
Gastric Syphilis.
First Detection of an Escherichia coli Strain Harboring the mcr-1 Gene in Retail Domestic Chicken Meat in Japan.
OXA-244-Producing Escherichia coli Isolates, a Challenge for Clinical Microbiology Laboratories.
In Vitro Antibiotic Susceptibilities of Francisella tularensis Determined by Broth Microdilution following CLSI Methods.
Immune Modulating Topical S100A8/A9 Inhibits Growth of Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Mitigates Biofilm Infection in Chronic Wounds.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy augments tobramycin efficacy in experimental Staphylococcus aureus endocarditis.
Comparison of DNA extraction methods used to detect bacterial and yeast DNA from spiked whole blood by real-time PCR.
Investigation of pre-XDR Beijing Mycobacterium tuberculosis transmission to a healthcare worker in France, 2016.
Occurrence of oxidative stress in dairy cows seropositives for Brucella abortus.
Field performance of six Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis antigens in a 20h interferon gamma release assay in Belgium.
Pathological and microbiological investigations into cases of bacterial chondronecrosis and osteomyelitis in broiler poultry.
Effect of residual doxycycline concentrations on resistance selection and transfer in porcine commensal Escherichia coli.
SALSA-A dance on a slippery floor with changing partners.
Shearing and Enrichment of Extracellular Type IV Pili.
The Role of BEAMing and Digital PCR for Multiplexed Analysis in Molecular Oncology in the Era of Next-Generation Sequencing.
Seasonality in airborne bacterial, fungal, and (1 3)-beta-D-glucan concentrations in two indoor laboratory animal rooms.
Immunization against GnRF in adult cattle: a prospective field study.
Corrigendum: There is inadequate evidence to support the division of the genus Borrelia.
Draft Genome Sequence of Kingella negevensis SW7208426, the First European Strain of K. negevensis Isolated from a Healthy Child in Switzerland.
Proteases, actinidin, papain and trypsin reduce oral biofilm on the tongue in elderly subjects and in vitro.
Vibrio aphrogenes sp. nov., in the Rumoiensis clade isolated from a seaweed.
Epidemiology behavior of leptospirosis in Cienaga de Oro, Cordoba (Colombia).
Diagnosis of Lyme-associated uveitis: value of serological testing in a tertiary centre.
Hepatocyte Hyperproliferation upon Liver-Specific Co-disruption of Thioredoxin-1, Thioredoxin Reductase-1, and Glutathione Reductase.
WetA bridges cellular and chemical development in Aspergillus flavus.
E3 Ubiquitin ligase ZNRF4 negatively regulates NOD2 signalling and induces tolerance to MDP.
Vancomycin Resistance in Staphylococcus aureus : .
Prevalence of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase phenotypes in enterobacteria isolated from blood cultures of patients at admission to the University Hospital of Bamako.
Rapid identification of ST131 Escherichia coli by a novel multiplex real-time allelic discrimination assay.
Poliomyelitis eradication - the review of notifications from the years 2010-2016 sent to National IHR Focal Point
Influence of study design on digital pathology image quality evaluation: the need to define a clinical task.
Protective Low-Frequency Variants for Preeclampsia in the Fms Related Tyrosine Kinase 1 Gene in the Finnish Population.
TraR directly regulates transcription initiation by mimicking the combined effects of the global regulators DksA and ppGpp.
Stand-Alone EAL Domain Proteins Form a Distinct Subclass of EAL Proteins Involved in Regulation of Cell Motility and Biofilm Formation in Enterobacteria.
Epigallocatechin gallate inhibits the type III secretion system of Gram-negative enteropathogenic bacteria under model conditions.
Septins restrict inflammation and protect zebrafish larvae from Shigella infection.
The emerging science of linked plant-fungal invasions.
Development and evaluation of a PCR assay for rapid detection of azithromycin resistant Campylobacter isolated from diarrhoeal patients in Kolkata, India.
Clostridium chauvoei, an Evolutionary Dead-End Pathogen.
Thaumasiovibrio occultus gen. nov. sp. nov. and Thaumasiovibrio subtropicus sp. nov. within the family Vibrionaceae, isolated from coral reef seawater off Ishigaki Island, Japan.
Development of field-applicable tests for rapid and sensitive detection of Candidatus Phytoplasma oryzae.
Toxic shock syndrome - the seven Rs of management and treatment.
Human adipose tissue mesenchymal stromal cells and their extracellular vesicles act differentially on lung mechanics and inflammation in experimental allergic asthma.
Chemotherapy-induced gastrointestinal toxicity is associated with changes in serum and urine metabolome and fecal microbiota in male Sprague-Dawley rats.
Evaluation of different serological assays for early diagnosis of leptospirosis in Martinique (French West Indies).
Virucides in apiculture: persistence of surrogate enterovirus under simulated field conditions.
Heat-Labile Enterotoxin-Induced PERK-CHOP Pathway Activation Causes Intestinal Epithelial Cell Apoptosis.
Differential distribution of vapA-positive Rhodococcus equi in affected and unaffected horse-breeding farms.
Genetic diversity of environmental Vibrio cholerae O1 strains isolated in Northern Vietnam.
Occurrence of Aerobic and Anaerobic Bacteria in the Consumer End of a Water Distribution System.
Molecular characterization of intestinal carriage of carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae among inpatients at two Iranian university hospitals: first report of co-production of bla NDM-7 and bla OXA-48.
Seasonal and geographical distribution of bacillary dysentery (shigellosis) and associated climate risk factors in Kon Tam Province in Vietnam from 1999 to 2013.
Isotretinoin and lymecycline treatments modify the skin microbiota in acne.
Somatic mutations in clonally expanded cytotoxic T lymphocytes in patients with newly diagnosed rheumatoid arthritis.
Female GADD34 mice develop age-related inflammation and hepatocellular carcinoma.
Epithelial proteome profiling suggests the essential role of interferon-inducible proteins in patients with allergic rhinitis.
SANDPUMA: ensemble predictions of nonribosomal peptide chemistry reveal biosynthetic diversity across Actinobacteria.
Genome Evolution to Penicillin Resistance in Serotype 3 Streptococcus pneumoniae by Capsular Switching.
The Enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli Effector EspW Triggers Actin Remodeling in a Rac1-Dependent Manner.
Rodentibacter gen. nov. including Rodentibacter pneumotropicus comb. nov., Rodentibacter heylii sp. nov., Rodentibacter myodis sp. nov., Rodentibacter ratti sp. nov., Rodentibacter heidelbergensis sp. nov., Rodentibacter trehalosifermentans sp. nov., Rodentibacter rarus sp. nov., Rodentibacter mrazii and two genomospecies.
Colistin resistance associated with outer membrane protein change in Klebsiella pneumoniae and Enterobacter asburiae.
Epidemiological Distribution of Rodents as Potent Reservoirs for Infectious Diseases in the Provinces of Mazandaran, Gilan and Golestan, Northern Iran.
Characterization of Vibrio cholerae O1 strains that trace the origin of Haitian-like genetic traits.
Clinical Manifestations and Outcomes of Rickettsia australis Infection: A 15-Year Retrospective Study of Hospitalized Patients.
Evaluation of a new trilocus sequence-based multiplex-PCR to detect major Acinetobacter baumannii clonal complexes circulating in Brazil.
The potential roles of bacteria to improve radiation treatment outcome.
Real-Time Polymerase Chain Reaction-Based Detection of Bordetella pertussis in Mexican Infants and Their Contacts: A 3-Year Multicenter Study.
Changed epidemiology during intra and interhospital spread of high-risk clones of vanA-containing Enterococcus in Brazilian hospitals.
Streptococcus suis serotype 9 strain GZ0565 contains a type VII secretion system putative substrate EsxA that contributes to bacterial virulence and a vanZ-like gene that confers resistance to teicoplanin and dalbavancin in Streptococcus agalactiae.
Exogenously applied dsRNA molecules deriving from the Zucchini yellow mosaic virus (ZYMV) genome move systemically and protect cucurbits against ZYMV.
Complete Genome Sequences of the p1 Gene Type 2b and 2c Strains Mycoplasma pneumoniae KCH-402 and KCH-405.
Antimicrobial susceptibility of Haemophilus influenzae strains isolated from the urethra of men with acute urethritis and/or epididymitis.
Occurrence of Mycoplasma hyorhinis infections in fattening pigs and association with clinical signs and pathological lesions of Enzootic Pneumonia.
Helicobacter suis induces changes in gastric inflammation and acid secretion markers in pigs of different ages.
Frequency of human parvovirus 4 (PARV4) viremia among HBV-infected patients and healthy donors in Shiraz, Iran.
The impact of nutrition on quality of life of patients with hepatitis C.
Imaging with Mass Spectrometry of Bacteria on the Exoskeleton of Fungus-Growing Ants.
Encephalomyocarditis virus in a captive Malayan tapir (Tapirus indicus).
Analysis of the potential for point-of-care test to enable individualised treatment of infections caused by antimicrobial-resistant and susceptible strains of Neisseria gonorrhoeae: a modelling study.
Evaluation of the relationship between the minimum inhibitory concentration of ceftiofur and third-generation cephalosporins in Escherichia coli isolates from food-producing animals.
Streptococcus pneumoniae antimicrobial resistance decreased in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area after routine 10-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccination of infants in Finland.
Analysis of Complement C3 Gene Reveals Susceptibility to Severe Preeclampsia.
Pathogenic Leptospira Secreted Proteases Target the Membrane Attack Complex: A Potential Role for Thermolysin in Complement Inhibition.
Campylobacter coli in Organic and Conventional Pig Production in France and Sweden: Prevalence and Antimicrobial Resistance.
Ecthyma Gangrenosum: Escherichia coli or Pseudomonas aeruginosa?
A fragment of the alarmin prothymosin alpha as a novel biomarker in murine models of bacteria-induced sepsis.
Classic Spotlights: Selected Highlights from the First 100 Years of the Journal of Bacteriology.
Occurrence, Toxicity, and Analysis of Major Mycotoxins in Food.
Conformational Control of UDP-Galactopyranose Mutase Inhibition.
MatureP: prediction of secreted proteins with exclusive information from their mature regions.
Comparison of Two Phenotypic Algorithms To Detect Carbapenemase-Producing Enterobacteriaceae.
Comparison of methods for detection of plasmid-mediated and chromosomally encoded colistin resistance in Enterobacteriaceae.
Porcine epidemic diarrhoea virus with a recombinant S gene detected in Hungary, 2016.
Functional Analysis Reveals Geographical Variation in Inhibitory Immune Responses Against a Polymorphic Malaria Antigen.
Validation of microbiological testing in cardiovascular tissue banks: results of a quality round trial.
Green tea and epigallocatechin-3-gallate are bactericidal against Bacillus anthracis.
A scalable platform to identify fungal secondary metabolites and their gene clusters.
Reduced Susceptibility to Antiseptics Is Conferred by Heterologous Housekeeping Genes.
High frequency of hopQ genotypes among Iranian Helicobacter pylori clinical isolates.
Fatty Acid Availability Sets Cell Envelope Capacity and Dictates Microbial Cell Size.
Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae vaccination at or shortly before weaning under field conditions: a randomised efficacy trial.
Diagnostic Bacteriology: Raman Spectroscopy.
Methods for Real-Time PCR-Based Diagnosis of Chlamydia pneumoniae, Chlamydia psittaci, and Chlamydia abortus Infections in an Opened Molecular Diagnostic Platform.
Acute fatal haemorrhagic pneumonia caused by Streptococcus equi zooepidemicus in greyhounds in Ireland with subsequent typing of the isolates.
Contribution and limits of clinical specimens for the screening of intestinal multi-drug-resistant bacteria in view of laboratory automation.
Electrochemical biosensing of influenza A subtype genome based on meso/macroporous cobalt (II) oxide nanoflakes-applied to human samples.
A survey of methods used for antimicrobial susceptibility testing in veterinary diagnostic laboratories in the United States.
Association between genital mycoplasmas, acute chorioamnionitis and fetal pneumonia in spontaneous abortions.
Prevalence of faecal carriage of colistin-resistant Gram-negative rods in a university hospital in western France, 2016.
Phenol-Soluble Modulin Toxins of Staphylococcus haemolyticus.
Whole-Genome Sequence of Coxiella burnetii Nine Mile RSA439 (Phase II, Clone 4), a Laboratory Workhorse Strain.
Evaluation of an enhanced cleaning and disinfection protocol in Salmonella contaminated pig holdings in the United Kingdom.
Detection of Tilapia Lake Virus in Egyptian fish farms experiencing high mortalities in 2015.
Effectiveness of various cleaning and disinfectant products on Clostridium difficile spores of PCR ribotypes 010, 014 and 027.
The development of fluorescent protein tracing vectors for multicolor imaging of clinically isolated Staphylococcus aureus.
Reconstitution of a minimal machinery capable of assembling periplasmic type IV pili.
Lateral Gene Transfer Dynamics in the Ancient Bacterial Genus Streptomyces.
Evaluation of the effect of recombinant thrombomodulin on a lipopolysaccharide-induced murine sepsis model.
Interpreting Microbial Biosynthesis in the Genomic Age: Biological and Practical Considerations.
Hafnia, an enterobacterial genus naturally resistant to colistin revealed by three susceptibility testing methods.
Peripherally inserted central catheters are associated with lower risk of bloodstream infection compared with central venous catheters in paediatric intensive care patients: a propensity-adjusted analysis.
The evaluation of fibrotic effects of the hepatitis B virus pre-core in hepatic stellate cells.
Estimation of Guggulsterone E and Z in the Guggul-based Commercial Formulations Using High-performance Thin-layer Chromatography.
In Vitro Activity of Sitafloxacin and Additional Newer Generation Fluoroquinolones Against Ciprofloxacin-Resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae Isolates.
Sickeningly Sweet: L-rhamnose stimulates Flavobacterium columnare biofilm formation and virulence.
The Occurrence of Veterinary Pharmaceuticals in the Environment: A Review.
A Meta-Analysis of Outcomes After In Situ Reconstructions for Aortic Graft Infection.
A case of acute clival osteomyelitis in a 7-year-old boy secondary to infection of a Thornwaldt cyst.
Environmental Vibrio cholerae non O1/ non O139 from the Gangetic delta: a diarrhoeal disease purview.
Characterization of pertussis-like toxin from Salmonella spp. that catalyzes ADP-ribosylation of G proteins.
Persistence of blaCMY-2-producing Proteus mirabilis in two gull colonies at a 1-year interval in Southern France.
Seasonal and regional occurrence of heat-resistant spore-forming bacteria in the course of ultra-high temperature milk production in Tunisia.
Molecular epidemiology and characteristics of 16 cases with Stenotrophomonas maltophilia bacteraemia in pediatric Intensive Care Units.
Shin \' iseihaito (Xinyiqingfeitang) Suppresses the Biofilm Formation of Streptococcus pneumoniae In Vitro.
Pathogen-Reactive T Helper Cell Analysis in the Pig.
Conjunctivitis Caused by a Strain of Neisseria gonorrhoeae That Was Less Susceptible to Ceftriaxone.
Pharmacological management of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Atorvastatin versus pentoxifylline.
A duplex endpoint PCR assay for rapid detection and differentiation of Leptospira strains.
Life-Threatening Pneumopathy and U urealyticum in a STAT3-Deficient Hyper-IgE Syndrome Patient.
Metabolic network analysis reveals microbial community interactions in anammox granules.
Upregulation of Early and Downregulation of Terminal Pathway Complement Genes in Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue and Adipocytes in Acquired Obesity.
Neutrophil Elastase and Interleukin 17 Expressed in the Pig Colon during Brachyspira hyodysenteriae Infection Synergistically with the Pathogen Induce Increased Mucus Transport Speed and Production via Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase 3.
A Conserved Metal Binding Motif in the Bacillus subtilis Competence Protein ComFA Enhances Transformation.
Real-time visualization of immune cell clearance of Aspergillus fumigatus spores and hyphae.
Receptor tyrosine kinases play a significant role in human oligodendrocyte inflammation and cell death associated with the Lyme disease bacterium Borrelia burgdorferi.
Contribution of physiologists to the identification of the humoral component of immunity in the 19th century.
Bacteriology and treatment of infections in the upper and lower airways in patients with primary ciliary dyskinesia: adressing the paranasal sinuses.
Bacteriology and antibiotic sensitivity of tonsillar diseases in Chinese children.
Comparison of rapid diagnostic tests to detect Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis disseminated infection in bovine liver.
Dynamics and ligand-induced conformational changes in human prolyl oligopeptidase analyzed by hydrogen/deuterium exchange mass spectrometry.
Whole Genome Analysis Reveals New Insights into Macrolide Resistance in Mycoplasma pneumoniae.
RNA polymerase motions during promoter melting.
Retinoic acid pre-treatment down regulates V. cholerae outer membrane vesicles induced acute inflammation and enhances mucosal immunity.
Clinical, serological and echocardiographic examination of healthy field dogs before and after vaccination with a commercial tetravalent leptospirosis vaccine.
Bacteriological etiology and treatment of mastitis in Finnish dairy herds.
Major changes in microbial diversity and community composition across gut sections of a juvenile Panchlora cockroach.
Nanoparticles as new tools for inhibition of cancer angiogenesis.
Horizontally Acquired Biosynthesis Genes Boost Coxiella burnetii \' s Physiology.
Evolutionary dynamics and genomic features of the Elizabethkingia anophelis 2015 to 2016 Wisconsin outbreak strain.
The Role and Mechanism of Erythrocyte Invasion by Francisella tularensis.
Mutations That Alter the Bacterial Cell Envelope Increase Lipid Production.
Correction for Gunster et al., "SseK1 and SseK3 Type III Secretion System Effectors Inhibit NF-kappaB Signaling and Necroptotic Cell Death in Salmonella-Infected Macrophages".
Correction for Cairns et al., "Comparative Genome Analysis and Global Phylogeny of the Toxin Variant Clostridium difficile PCR Ribotype 017 Reveals the Evolution of Two Independent Sublineages".
Canine leptospirosis in Switzerland-A prospective cross-sectional study examining seroprevalence, risk factors and urinary shedding of pathogenic leptospires.
Efficacy of disinfectants and detergents intended for a pig farm environment where Salmonella is present.
Persistent bacterial infections and persister cells.
Raffinose Induces Biofilm Formation by Streptococcus mutans in Low Concentrations of Sucrose by Increasing Production of Extracellular DNA and Fructan.
Postepizootic Persistence of Asymptomatic Mycoplasma conjunctivae Infection in Iberian Ibex.
Molecular characterization and antimicrobial resistance profile of Clostridium perfringens type A isolates from humans, animals, fish and their environment.
Patients with community-acquired bacteremia of unknown origin: clinical characteristics and usefulness of microbiological results for therapeutic issues: a single-center cohort study.
Potential serum biomarkers associated with mild and severe leptospirosis infection: A cohort study in the Malaysian population.
The impact of liver steatosis on early and sustained treatment response in chronic hepatitis C patients.
Strategies used by helicobacter pylori to establish persistent infection.
Non-invasive three-dimensional imaging of Escherichia coli K1 infection using diffuse light imaging tomography combined with micro-computed tomography.
Meeting Report for Synthetic Biology for Natural Products 2017: The Interface of (Meta)Genomics, Machine Learning, and Natural Product Discovery.
Travel-acquired ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae: impact of colonization at individual and community level.
A curated dataset of complete Enterobacteriaceae plasmids compiled from the NCBI nucleotide database.
Absence of Specific Chlamydia trachomatis Inclusion Membrane Proteins Triggers Premature Inclusion Membrane Lysis and Host Cell Death.
Loop-mediated isothermal amplification for extended spectrum beta-lactamase gene detection in poultry carcase.
Epidemiology of pertussis in Casablanca (Morocco): contribution of conventional and molecular diagnosis tools.
Influence of Microbes on Neutrophil Life and Death.
Characterization of a human anti-tumoral NK cell population expanded after BCG treatment of leukocytes.
MCR-1 and OXA-48 In Vivo Acquisition in KPC-Producing Escherichia coli after Colistin Treatment.
Implementation of quality management for clinical bacteriology in low-resource settings.
First report of NDM-1-producing clinical isolate of Leclercia adecarboxylata in Spain.
High frequency of silver resistance genes in invasive isolates of Enterobacter and Klebsiella species.
Prevalence and clonal relationship of ESBL-producing Salmonella strains from humans and poultry in northeastern Algeria.
Comparison of antibody responses against Mycobacterium tuberculosis antigen Rv0679c in tuberculosis patients from the endemic and non-endemic regions of the Beijing genotype: a case control study.
Acinetobacter baumannii transfers the blaNDM-1 gene via outer membrane vesicles.
Lp25 membrane protein from pathogenic Leptospira spp. is associated with rhabdomyolysis and oliguric acute kidney injury in a guinea pig model of leptospirosis.
Unexpected persistence of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in the faecal microbiota of hospitalised patients treated with imipenem.
Quantification of Pasteurella multocida in experimentally infected pigs using a real-time PCR assay.
Multiple Dictyostelid Species Destroy Biofilms of Klebsiella oxytoca and Other Gram Negative Species.
Quality assurance trials for Ki67 assessment in pathology.
Novel beta-Lactamase blaARL in Staphylococcus arlettae.
Ranid Herpesvirus 3 and Proliferative Dermatitis in Free-Ranging Wild Common Frogs (Rana Temporaria).
Genotypic and phenotypic diversity of Lactobacillus rhamnosus clinical isolates, their comparison with strain GG and their recognition by complement system.
Tear production, intraocular pressure and conjunctival bacterial flora in selected captive wild ruminants.
Local genes for local bacteria: Evidence of allopatry in the genomes of transatlantic Campylobacter populations.
[A Japanese in Marburg : Excerpts from the Memories - Jiden - of the Japanese Bacteriologist Taichi Kitashima (1870-1956)].
Coinfection by Streptococcus phocae and cetacean morbillivirus in a short-beaked common dolphin Delphinus delphis.
Hydrophobicity of Residue 128 of the Stress-Inducible Sigma Factor RpoS Is Critical for Its Activity.
Prognostic factors associated with 30-day in-hospital mortality in coagulase-negative Staphylococcus bacteraemia: no impact of vancomycin minimum inhibitory concentration.
Eutirucallin: A Lectin with Antitumor and Antimicrobial Properties.
Antimicrobial resistance and virulence characterization of Staphylococcus aureus and coagulase-negative staphylococci from imported beef meat.
Influence of chronic azithromycin treatment on the composition of the oropharyngeal microbial community in patients with severe asthma.
Ready or Not: Microbial Adaptive Responses in Dynamic Symbiosis Environments.
A Pseudomonas aeruginosa TIR effector mediates immune evasion by targeting UBAP1 and TLR adaptors.
Infectious complications of pediatric cochlear implants are highly influenced by otitis media.
The role of VosA/VelB-activated developmental gene vadA in Aspergillus nidulans.
Daptomycin: new insights into an antibiotic of last resort.
Mapping and comparing bacterial microbiota in the sinonasal cavity of healthy, allergic rhinitis, and chronic rhinosinusitis subjects.
Seronegativity of bovines face to their own recovered leptospiral isolates.
Quarter- and cow-level risk factors for intramammary infection with coagulase-negative staphylococci species in Swiss dairy cows.
Assessment of Consumer Exposure to Salmonella spp., Campylobacter spp., and Shiga Toxin-Producing Escherichia coli in Meat Products at Retail in the City of Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Metal Ions Effectively Ablate the Action of Botulinum Neurotoxin A.
Obesity and Helicobacter pylori: An undefined association.
How Escherichia coli Circumvent Complement-Mediated Killing.
A Geographically Widespread Outbreak Investigation and Development of a Rapid Screening Method Using Whole Genome Sequences of Enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli O121.
First Whole-Genome Sequences of Two Multidrug-Resistant Acinetobacter baumannii Strains Isolated from a Moroccan Hospital Floor.
Draft Genome Sequences of the Aerobic Strains Lactobacillus gasseri AL3 and AL5.
Designed positively charged cyclodextrin hosts with enhanced binding of penicillins as carriers for the delivery of antibiotics: The case of oxacillin.
Plurality of Leptospira strains on slaughtered animals suggest a broader concept of adaptability of leptospires to cattle.
First Human Case of Rickettsia sibirica mongolotimonae Infection in Northern Greece.
Necrotizing fasciitis caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Aspergillus fumigatus Copper Export Machinery and Reactive Oxygen Intermediate Defense Counter Host Copper-Mediated Oxidative Antimicrobial Offense.
Mechanism of signal propagation in Physarum polycephalum.
Chlamydia Hijacks ARF GTPases To Coordinate Microtubule Posttranslational Modifications and Golgi Complex Positioning.
Endogenous hepcidin and its agonist mediate resistance to selected infections by clearing non-transferrin-bound iron.
Assessment of ELISA as endpoint in neuronal cell-based assay for BoNT detection using hiPSC derived neurons.
Characterisation of clinically isolated Streptococcus pyogenes from balanoposthitis patients, with special emphasis on emm89 isolates.
ESBL carriage in pig slaughterhouse workers is associated with occupational exposure.
Comparison of antimicrobial effects of titanium tetrafluoride, chlorhexidine, xylitol and sodium fluoride on streptococcus mutans: An in-vitro study.
Glucose-Specific Enzyme IIA of the Phosphoenolpyruvate:Carbohydrate Phosphotransferase System Modulates Chitin Signaling Pathways in Vibrio cholerae.
Technology to Support Integrated Antimicrobial Stewardship Programs: A User Centered and Stakeholder Driven Development Approach.
Emergence and nosocomial spread of carbapenem-resistant OXA-232-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in Brunei Darussalam.
Disruption of drug-resistant biofilms using de novo designed short alpha-helical antimicrobial peptides with idealized facial amphiphilicity.
New mitogenome and nuclear evidence on the phylogeny and taxonomy of the highly zoonotic tapeworm Echinococcus granulosus sensu stricto.
"Invasive Helicobacter pylori" should be defined by combination of virulence genes with colonization features.
Regulation of Botulinum Neurotoxin Synthesis and Toxin Complex Formation by Arginine and Glucose in Clostridium botulinum ATCC 3502.
Tropism and virulence of Cutibacterium (formerly Propionibacterium) acnes involved in implant-associated infection.
Activity of rifampicin and linezolid combination in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Patterns and predictors of antimicrobial resistance among Staphylococcus spp. from canine clinical cases presented at a veterinary academic hospital in South Africa.
Integrating MRI and Chemokine Receptor CXCR4-Targeted PET for Detection of Leukocyte Infiltration in Complicated Urinary Tract Infections After Kidney Transplantation.
Draft Genome Sequence of NDM-1-Producing Leclercia adecarboxylata.
Severe glandular tularemia in a patient treated with anti-tumour necrosis factor for psoriatic arthritis.
Authors \' reply: Concern regarding the alleged spread of hypervirulent lymphogranuloma venereum Chlamydia trachomatis strain in Europe.
Modulation of Macrophage Responses by CMX, a Fusion Protein Composed of Ag85c, MPT51, and HspX from Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
25(OH)D Levels in Relation to Gender, Overweight, Insulin Resistance, and Inflammation in a Cross-Sectional Cohort of Northern Italian Workers: Evidence in Support of Preventive Health Care Programs.
Virulence potential of Staphylococcus aureus isolates from Buruli ulcer patients.
Experimental infection with Yersinia pseudotuberculosis in European brown hare (Lepus europaeus, Pallas).
Protection against Legionnaire \' s Disease: Recombinant Flagellin A of Legionella pneumophila Can Induce Protective Immunity against Bacteremia in a BALB/c Murine Model.
Efficacy and Safety of 3 Nasal Packing Materials Used After Functional Endoscopic Sinus Surgery for Chronic Rhinosinusitis: A Comparative Study in China.
Application of Chemical Genomics to Plant-Bacteria Communication: A High-Throughput System to Identify Novel Molecules Modulating the Induction of Bacterial Virulence Genes by Plant Signals.
Mobilizable genomic islands, different strategies for the dissemination of multidrug resistance and other adaptive traits.
Cues from the Membrane: Bacterial Glycerophospholipids.
New Macrolide-Lincosamide-Streptogramin B Resistance Gene erm(48) on the Novel Plasmid pJW2311 in Staphylococcus xylosus.
Screening of Bioactive Compounds of Medicinal Mushrooms Collected on Tunisian Territory.
Fast and reliable strain characterization of Streptomyces lividans through micro-scale cultivation.
Phenotypic and genotypic characterization of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus from bovine mastitis.
Group B Streptococcus and perinatal mortality.
One bacillus to rule them all? - Investigating broad range host adaptation in Mycobacterium bovis.
Efavirenz-based simplification after successful early lopinavir-boosted-ritonavir-based therapy in HIV-infected children in Burkina Faso and Cote d \' Ivoire: the MONOD ANRS 12206 non-inferiority randomised trial.
Efficacy of tiamulin alone or in combination with chlortetracycline against experimental Mycoplasma gallisepticum infection in chickens.
Prevalence and associated factors of tuberculosis and diabetes mellitus comorbidity: A systematic review.
Epidemiological study of common diseases and their risk factors in camels in South Punjab, Pakistan.
Characterization of the rax1 gene encoding a putative regulator of G protein signaling in Aspergillus fumigatus.
High molecular weight genomic DNA mini-prep for filamentous fungi.
Prevalence of subclinical mastitis in Finnish dairy cows: changes during recent decades and impact of cow and herd factors.
A second wave of Salmonella T3SS1 activity prolongs the lifespan of infected epithelial cells.
Usefulness and accuracy of MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry as a supplementary tool to identify mosquito vector species and to invest in development of international database.
Drivers of salamander extirpation mediated by Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans.
Bone Marrow, Adipose, and Lung Tissue-Derived Murine Mesenchymal Stromal Cells Release Different Mediators and Differentially Affect Airway and Lung Parenchyma in Experimental Asthma.
Chytrid fungus infection in zebrafish demonstrates that the pathogen can parasitize non-amphibian vertebrate hosts.
A Deep Nasopharyngeal Swab Versus Nonendoscopic Bronchoalveolar Lavage for Isolation of Bacterial Pathogens from Preweaned Calves With Respiratory Disease.
Elucidation of quantitative structural diversity of remarkable rearrangement regions, shufflons, in IncI2 plasmids.
A survey on antimicrobial resistant Escherichia coli isolated from unpasteurised cows \'  milk in Northern Ireland.
Lignocellulose pretreatment in a fungus-cultivating termite.
Helicobacter pylori infection and serum leptin, obestatin, and ghrelin levels in Mexican schoolchildren.
Collaborative study on the effect of grinding on the detection of bones from processed animal proteins in feed by light microscopy.
Severe Sequelae to Mold-Related Illness as Demonstrated in Two Finnish Cohorts.
Horses in Denmark Are a Reservoir of Diverse Clones of Methicillin-Resistant and -Susceptible Staphylococcus aureus.
High resolution melting: a useful field-deployable method to measure dhfr and dhps drug resistance in both highly and lowly endemic Plasmodium populations.
Studying the effect of administration route and treatment dose on the selection of enrofloxacin resistance in commensal Escherichia coli in broilers.
Biochemical and structural investigations on phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase from Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Brucella ceti Infection in a Common Minke Whale ( Balaenoptera acutorostrata ) with Associated Pathology.
Clostridium difficile bacteremia: Report of two cases in French hospitals and comprehensive review of the literature.
Burden and predictors of Staphylococcus aureus and S. pseudintermedius infections among dogs presented at an academic veterinary hospital in South Africa (2007-2012).
What is broad-range 16S rDNA PCR?
Rathayibacter toxicus, Other Rathayibacter Species Inducing Bacterial Head Blight of Grasses, and the Potential for Livestock Poisonings.
Unfair Judgment against Iranian Scientists.
Molecular epidemiology of penicillinase-producing Neisseria gonorrhoeae isolates in France.
Project management: importance for diagnostic laboratories.
The Global Transcription Factor Lrp Is both Essential for and Inhibitory to Xenorhabdus nematophila Insecticidal Activity.
Transfer Potential of Plasmids Conferring Extended-Spectrum-Cephalosporin Resistance in Escherichia coli from Poultry.
Gender differences in the bacteriology of rhinosinusitis.
Bacteraemia in Intensive Care Unit: Clinical, Bacteriological, and Prognostic Prospective Study.
Quality, immunogenicity and stability of meningococcal serogroup ACWY-CRM197, DT and TT glycoconjugate vaccines.
Accessory genetic content in Campylobacter jejuni ST21CC isolates from feces and blood.
Subclinical endometritis in beef cattle in early and late postpartum: Cytology, bacteriology, haptoglobin and test strip efficiency to evaluate the evolution of the disease.
Urea and chronic kidney disease: the comeback of the century? (in uraemia research).
Sensory defects and developmental delay among children with congenital rubella syndrome.
Lectin pathway factors in patients suffering from juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Development and Validation of a Lateral Flow Immunoassay for Rapid Detection of NDM-Producing Enterobacteriaceae.
Preprotein mature domains contain translocase targeting signals that are essential for secretion.
Low prevalence of human enteropathogenic Yersinia spp. in brown rats (Rattus norvegicus) in Flanders.
In vitro evaluation of the susceptibility of Acinetobacter baumannii isolates to antiseptics and disinfectants: comparison between clinical and environmental isolates.
Aeromonas Diversity and Antimicrobial Susceptibility in Freshwater-An Attempt to Set Generic Epidemiological Cut-Off Values.
Deletion of Type I glutamine synthetase deregulates nitrogen metabolism and increases ethanol production in Clostridium thermocellum.
Screening of the two-component-system histidine kinases of Listeria monocytogenes EGD-e. LiaS is needed for growth under heat, acid, alkali, osmotic, ethanol and oxidative stresses.
Baseline JAK phosphorylation profile of peripheral blood leukocytes, studied by whole blood phosphospecific flow cytometry, is associated with 1-year treatment response in early rheumatoid arthritis.
Treponema pallidum ssp. pallidum identification by real-time PCR targetting the polA gene in paraffin-embedded samples positive by immunohistochemistry.
The In Vitro and In Vivo Effect of Carvacrol in Preventing Campylobacter Infection, Colonization and in Improving Productivity of Chicken Broilers.
Microbial shifts and signatures of long-term remission in ulcerative colitis after faecal microbiota transplantation.
Specific blaCTX-M-8/IncI1 Plasmid Transfer among Genetically Diverse Escherichia coli Isolates between Humans and Chickens.
Ultrastructural morphology of the envelope of Dover sole Solea solea eggs from fertilization until hatching with emphasis on sample preparation.
Evidence for the evolutionary steps leading to mecA-mediated beta-lactam resistance in staphylococci.
Acute Q fever in febrile patients in northwestern of Iran.
Seroprevalence of Q fever among human and animal in Iran; A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intestinal alkaline phosphatase at the crossroad of intestinal health and disease - a putative role in type 1 diabetes.
Cultivation strategies for growth of uncultivated bacteria.
Moxifloxacin, but not Metronidazole can be used in therapeutic regimens against Helicobacter pylori.
[The advent of a newborn specialty: 19th century pediatrics].
Chemical signaling between gut microbiota and host chromatin: What is your gut really saying?
Effect of Tetracycline Dose and Treatment Mode on Selection of Resistant Coliform Bacteria in Nursery Pigs.
High Levels of the Xenorhabdus nematophila Transcription Factor Lrp Promote Mutualism with the Steinernema carpocapsae Nematode Host.
Patho-bacteriological investigation of an outbreak of Mycoplasma bovis infection in calves - Emerging stealth assault.
Whole genome sequencing of Shigella sonnei through PulseNet Latin America and Caribbean: advancing global surveillance of foodborne illnesses.
Evaluation of candidate international standards for meningococcal serogroups A and X polysaccharide.
Characterization and virulence clustering analysis of extraintestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli isolated from swine in China.
Practical issues in using eculizumab for children with atypical haemolytic uraemic syndrome in the acute phase: A review of four patients.
Coxiella burnetii isolates originating from infected cattle induce a more pronounced proinflammatory cytokine response compared to isolates from infected goats and sheep.
Inhibition of biofilm formation on iodine-supported titanium implants.
Novel Solutions for Vaccines and Diagnostics To Combat Brucellosis.
Characterization of Virulence Potential of Pseudomonas Aeruginosa Isolated from Bovine Meat, Fresh Fish, and Smoked Fish.
Phenotypic variability and community interactions of germinating Streptomyces spores.
Updated Reference Genome Sequence and Annotation of Mycobacterium bovis AF2122/97.
In vitro biological evaluation of new antimycobacterial salicylanilide-tuftsin conjugates.
The Yin and Yang of regulatory T cells in infectious diseases and avenues to target them.
Spread of CTX-Type Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamase-Producing Escherichia coli Isolates of Epidemic Clone B2-O25-ST131 Among Dogs and Cats in Japan.
Local Outbreak of Listeria monocytogenes Serotype 4b Sequence Type 6 Due to Contaminated Meat Pate.
An insight into the antibiofilm properties of Costa Rican stingless bee honeys.
The pathogenic development of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum in soybean requires specific host NADPH oxidases.
Host Response to Staphylococcus epidermidis Colonization and Infections.
The prevalence and impact of Babesia canis and Theileria sp. in free-ranging grey wolf (Canis lupus) populations in Croatia.
Molecular characterization of penicillin non-susceptible Streptococcus pneumoniae isolated before and after pneumococcal conjugate vaccine implementation in Casablanca, Morocco.
Spoligotyping of Mycobacterium tuberculosis isolates at a tertiary care hospital in India.
Clinical implications of Pseudomonas aeruginosa location in the lungs of patients with cystic fibrosis.
Performance and economic evaluation of the molecular detection of pathogens for patients with severe infections: the EVAMICA open-label, cluster-randomised, interventional crossover trial.
Evolutionary Origin of the Staphylococcal Cassette Chromosome mec (SCCmec).
Expansion and retention of pulmonary CD4+ T cells after prime boost vaccination correlates with improved longevity and strength of immunity against tularemia.
Panel 4: Report of the Microbiology Panel.
Chlamydia trachomatis ChxR is a transcriptional regulator of virulence factors that function in in vivo host-pathogen interactions.
Epidemiological study on feline gastric Helicobacter spp. in Japan.
High number of asymptomatic dogs as leptospiral carriers in an endemic area indicates a serious public health concern.
Listeria Monocytogenes: a rare cause of endophthalmitis, a case report.
The Frequency of Staphylococcus aureus Isolated from Endocervix of Infertile Women in Northwest Iran.
Intestinal microbiome landscaping: insight in community assemblage and implications for microbial modulation strategies.
African fermented dairy products - Overview of predominant technologically important microorganisms focusing on African Streptococcus infantarius variants and potential future applications for enhanced food safety and security.
High prevalence of curable sexually transmitted infections among pregnant women in a rural county hospital in Kilifi, Kenya.
Methodology for the Study of Horizontal Gene Transfer in Staphylococcus aureus.
Towards a research agenda for water, sanitation and antimicrobial resistance.
The non-conserved region of MRP is involved in the virulence of Streptococcus suis serotype 2.
Secondary metabolism in Penicillium expansum: Emphasis on recent advances in patulin research.
RNA Seq analysis for transcriptome profiling in response to classical swine fever vaccination in indigenous and crossbred pigs.
Cooperative Actions of CRP-cAMP and FNR Increase the Fosfomycin Susceptibility of Enterohaemorrhagic Escherichia coli (EHEC) by Elevating the Expression of glpT and uhpT under Anaerobic Conditions.
Plasmids Carrying blaCMY -2/4 in Escherichia coli from Poultry, Poultry Meat, and Humans Belong to a Novel IncK Subgroup Designated IncK2.
Bosutinib Therapy Ameliorates Lung Inflammation and Fibrosis in Experimental Silicosis.
Draft Genome Sequences of Tersicoccus phoenicis DSM 30849T, Isolated from a Cleanroom for Spacecraft Assembly, and Tersicoccus sp. Strain Bi-70, Isolated from a Freshwater Lake.
First report in Africa of two clinical isolates of Proteus mirabilis carrying Salmonella genomic island (SGI1) variants, SGI1-PmABB and SGI1-W.
Toxin-mediated gene regulatory mechanism in Staphylococcus aureus.
Antibiotic use in childhood alters the gut microbiota and predisposes to overweight.
The role of the PI(3,5)P2 kinase TbFab1 in endo/lysosomal trafficking in Trypanosoma brucei.
CRISPR-Cas systems exploit viral DNA injection to establish and maintain adaptive immunity.
A Multi-Institutional Study of Struvite Stones: Patterns of Infection and Colonization.
Characteristics of Quinolone Resistance in Salmonella spp. Isolates from the Food Chain in Brazil.
Bovine leptospirosis: Prevalence, associated risk factors for infection and their cause-effect relation.
Short-term increase in prevalence of nasopharyngeal carriage of macrolide-resistant Staphylococcus aureus following mass drug administration with azithromycin for trachoma control.
Cluster analysis to estimate the risk of preeclampsia in the high-risk Prediction and Prevention of Preeclampsia and Intrauterine Growth Restriction (PREDO) study.
The Irish Helicobacter pylori Working Group consensus for the diagnosis and treatment of H. pylori infection in adult patients in Ireland.
Integrated computational prediction and experimental validation identifies promiscuous T cell epitopes in the proteome of Mycobacterium bovis.
Identifying copy number variation of the dominant virulence factors msa and p22 within genomes of the fish pathogen Renibacterium salmoninarum.
Long-range dispersal moved Francisella tularensis into Western Europe from the East.
Sequence-based analysis of the genus Ruminococcus resolves its phylogeny and reveals strong host association.
Pelvic abscess due to Mycoplasma hominis following caesarean section.
Non-traumatic keratitis due to Colletotrichum truncatum.
The oppD Gene and Putative Peptidase Genes May Be Required for Virulence in Mycoplasma gallisepticum.
Biochemical transformation of lignin for deriving valued commodities from lignocellulose.
Double-stranded RNA induces cathelicidin expression in the intestinal epithelial cells through phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-protein kinase Czeta-Sp1 pathway and ameliorates shigellosis in mice.
The metabolic response in fish to mildly elevated water temperature relates to species-dependent muscular concentrations of imidazole compounds and free amino acids.
Answer to April 2017 Photo Quiz.
Photo Quiz: Is Gardening Dangerous?
First report of OXA-232-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae strains in Tunisia.
Development of selective medium for IMP-type carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in stool specimens.
Polymorphic responses of Medicago truncatula accessions to potassium deprivation.
UniEuk: Time to Speak a Common Language in Protistology!
Different drugs for bad bugs: antivirulence strategies in the age of antibiotic resistance.
SERS-Based Flavonoid Detection Using Ethylenediamine-beta-Cyclodextrin as a Capturing Ligand.
Draft Genome Sequence of Providencia stuartii PS71, a Multidrug-Resistant Strain Associated with Nosocomial Infections in Greece.
Insight into stereochemistry of a new IMP allelic variant (IMP-55) metallo-beta-lactamase identified in a clinical strain of Acinetobacter baumannii.
Deletion of mazF increases Staphylococcus aureus biofilm formation in an ica-dependent manner.
Promoter characterization and expression of the blaKPC-2 gene in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii.
Evaluation of the new GenoType NTM-DR kit for the molecular detection of antimicrobial resistance in non-tuberculous mycobacteria.
Characterization of E-type colicinogenic plasmids from Shigella sonnei.
Environmental and genetic modulation of the phenotypic expression of antibiotic resistance.
High Incidence of Virulence Factors Among Clinical Enterococcus faecalis Isolates in Southwestern Iran.
Molecular characterization and phylogenetic analysis of human influenza A viruses isolated in Iran during the 2014-2015 season.
Determination of Vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Tuberculin Skin Testing Boosts Interferon Gamma Responses to DIVA Reagents in Mycobacterium bovis-Infected Cattle.
A spontaneous mutation in kdsD, a biosynthesis gene for 3 Deoxy-D-manno-Octulosonic Acid, occurred in a ciprofloxacin resistant strain of Francisella tularensis and caused a high level of attenuation in murine models of tularemia.
Linear Peptides Are the Major Products of a Biosynthetic Pathway That Encodes for Cyclic Depsipeptides.
A first case of tick bite by Amblyomma coelebs in Japan.
Protein-L-Isoaspartyl Methyltransferase (PIMT) Is Required for Survival of Salmonella Typhimurium at 42 C and Contributes to the Virulence in Poultry.
Nano-sized Soluplus  polymeric micelles enhance the induction of tetanus toxin neutralising antibody response following transcutaneous immunisation with tetanus toxoid.
Can We Make Small Molecules Lean? Optimization of a Highly Lipophilic TarO Inhibitor.
Genomic innovations linked to infection strategies across emerging pathogenic chytrid fungi.
Sepsis risk factors in infants with congenital diaphragmatic hernia.
Characterization of Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli from feces of sika deer (Cervus nippon) in Japan using PCR binary typing analysis to evaluate their potential human pathogenicity.
Interference of the T Cell and Antigen-Presenting Cell Costimulatory Pathway Using CTLA4-Ig (Abatacept) Prevents Staphylococcal Enterotoxin B Pathology.
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia healthcare-associated infections: identification of two main pathogenic genetic backgrounds.
Impact of meningococcal C conjugate vaccination four years after introduction of routine childhood immunization in Brazil.
Reduction of Mycobacterium avium ssp. paratuberculosis in colostrum: Development and validation of 2 methods, one based on curdling and one based on centrifugation.
Bacterial secretion system skews the fate of Legionella-containing vacuoles towards LC3-associated phagocytosis.
Isolation and characterization of nontuberculous mycobacteria from patients with pulmonary tuberculosis in Ghana.
Utility of QuantiFERON tuberculosis gold-in-tube test for detecting latent tuberculosis infection among close household contacts of confirmed tuberculosis patients in Accra, Ghana.
Ebola virus - epidemiology, diagnosis, and control: threat to humans, lessons learnt, and preparedness plans - an update on its 40 year \' s journey.
Chicken Egg Yolk Antibodies (IgY) for Prophylaxis and Treatment of Rotavirus Diarrhea in Human and Animal Neonates: A Concise Review.
Functional role of ompF and ompC porins in pathogenesis of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli.
Monitoring antimicrobial resistance (AMR) using CUSUM control charts.
Clinical and microbiological outcomes in haematogenous spondylodiscitis treated conservatively.
Comparative analysis of internalisation, haemolytic, cytotoxic and antibacterial effect of membrane-active cationic peptides: aspects of experimental setup.
Clonal Lineages of Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae Responsible for Acute Swine Erysipelas in Japan Identified by Using Genome-Wide Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism Analysis.
Whole-Community Metagenomics in Two Different Anammox Configurations: Process Performance and Community Structure.
Eradication rate of Helicobacter Pylori infection is directly influenced by adherence to therapy in children.
Hepatitis B Vaccination Status among Japanese Travelers.
Brachyspira hyodysenteriae Infection Regulates Mucin Glycosylation Synthesis Inducing an Increased Expression of Core-2 O-Glycans in Porcine Colon.
Structure-activity studies on polymyxin derivatives carrying three positive charges only reveal a new class of compounds with strong antibacterial activity.
Not an easy road to generate an effective Helicobacter pylori vaccine.
The Biodiversity of the Microbiota Producing Heat-Resistant Enzymes Responsible for Spoilage in Processed Bovine Milk and Dairy Products.
Detection of mecC-Positive Staphylococcus aureus: What To Expect from Immunological Tests Targeting PBP2a?
Distinctive fungal communities in an obligate African ant-plant mutualism.
An oral multispecies biofilm model for high content screening applications.
Detection and characterization of Brucella spp. in bovine milk in small-scale urban and peri-urban farming in Tajikistan.
Research on Handwashing Techniques of Peritoneal Dialysis Patients From Yiwu, Southeast China.
Nitric oxide-enhanced Shiga toxin production was regulated by Fur and RecA in enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli O157.
High-Content Imaging Reveals Expansion of the Endosomal Compartment during Coxiella burnetii Parasitophorous Vacuole Maturation.
The Brief Military Career of Dr. William H. Welch.
Helicobacter pylori and necessary rationale for autoimmune gastritis.
Vaccine as absolute solution of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Therapeutic efficacy of azithromycin, clarithromycin, minocycline and tosufloxacin against macrolide-resistant and macrolide-sensitive Mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia in pediatric patients.
Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans is the predominant chytrid fungus in Vietnamese salamanders.
Synthetic Peptides Derived from Bovine Lactoferricin Exhibit Antimicrobial Activity against E. coli ATCC 11775, S. maltophilia ATCC 13636 and S. enteritidis ATCC 13076.
The effect of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3 protein on the expression of miR-150, miR-199a, miR-335, miR-194 and miR-27a.
Ordering the mob: Insights into replicon and MOB typing schemes from analysis of a curated dataset of publicly available plasmids.
New in vivo model to analyse the expression of angiogenic genes in the borders of a cleft lip.
Searching for Lyme borreliosis in Australia: results of a canine sentinel study.
Group A Streptococcus, Acute Rheumatic Fever and Rheumatic Heart Disease: Epidemiology and Clinical Considerations.
Identification of a novel host-specific IgG protease in Streptococcus phocae subsp. phocae.
Matrix metalloproteinases and airway remodeling and function in primary ciliary dyskinesia.
Implementing the Bruker MALDI Biotyper in the Public Health Laboratory for C. botulinum Neurotoxin Detection.
Haemophilus influenzae Isolated From Men With Acute Urethritis: Its Pathogenic Roles, Responses to Antimicrobial Chemotherapies, and Antimicrobial Susceptibilities.
A Quantitative Real-Time PCR Approach for Assessing Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli Colonization in Broiler Herds.
Remote Sensing of Potential Biosignatures from Rocky, Liquid, or Icy (Exo)Planetary Surfaces.
Comment on "Gastric and colon metastasis from breast cancer: case report, review of the literature, and possible underlying mechanisms".
Cervicovaginal Bacteriology and Antibiotic Sensitivity Patterns among Women with Premature Rupture of Membranes in Mulago Hospital, Kampala, Uganda: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Toxin-antitoxin systems: reversible toxicity.
Structure-activity relationship studies on 3,5-dinitrophenyl tetrazoles as antitubercular agents.
Helicobacter pylori Adapts to Chronic Infection and Gastric Disease via pH-Responsive BabA-Mediated Adherence.
Robust growth of avirulent phase II Coxiella burnetii in bone marrow-derived murine macrophages.
Members of a new subgroup of Streptococcus anginosus harbor virulence related genes previously observed in Streptococcus pyogenes.
Presence of Coxiella burnetii DNA in inflamed bovine cardiac valves.
Botulinum hemagglutinin-mediated selective removal of cells deviating from the undifferentiated state in hiPSC colonies.
Staphylococcal protein Ecb impairs complement receptor-1 mediated recognition of opsonized bacteria.
Novel methicillin resistance gene mecD in clinical Macrococcus caseolyticus strains from bovine and canine sources.
Catheter retention as a consequence rather than a cause of unfavorable outcome in candidemia.
Prevalence of Extended-Spectrum Beta-Lactamases-Producing Microorganisms in Patients Admitted at KRRH, Southwestern Uganda.
Solubility and bioavailability enhancement of ciprofloxacin by induced oval-shaped mono-6-deoxy-6-aminoethylamino-beta-cyclodextrin.
Identification of the phosphorylation targets of symbiotic receptor-like kinases using a high-throughput multiplexed assay for kinase specificity.
Genomic analysis of ST88 community-acquired methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Ghana.
Strain-dependent mutational effects for Pepino mosaic virus in a natural host.
Group B Streptococci in Sushi and Sashimi.
Cyclic-di-GMP regulates lipopolysaccharide modification and contributes to Pseudomonas aeruginosa immune evasion.
Regulation of phagocyte triglyceride by a STAT-ATG2 pathway controls mycobacterial infection.
The distribution and annual changes in the Streptococcus pneumoniae serotypes in adult Japanese patients with pneumococcal pneumonia from 2011 to 2015.
Fungal ITS1 Deep-Sequencing Strategies to Reconstruct the Composition of a 26-Species Community and Evaluation of the Gut Mycobiota of Healthy Japanese Individuals.
The Global Regulators Lrp, LeuO, and HexA Control Secondary Metabolism in Entomopathogenic Bacteria.
Nationwide investigation of Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli among cattle in Japan revealed the risk factors and potentially virulent subgroups.
Infectious keratoconjunctivitis in wild Caprinae: merging field observations and molecular analyses sheds light on factors shaping outbreak dynamics.
Seeing red; the development of pON.mCherry, a broad-host range constitutive expression plasmid for Gram-negative bacteria.
Molecular epidemiology of Streptococcus agalactiae isolated from mastitis in Brazilian dairy herds.
Case report: impressive response to pembrolizumab in a patient with mismatch-repair deficient metastasized colorectal cancer and bulky disease.
Draft Genome Sequence of Salmonellaenterica Serovar Typhi IMR_TP298/15, a Strain with Intermediate Susceptibility to Ciprofloxacin, Isolated from a Typhoid Outbreak.
First Draft Genome Sequences of Malaysian Clinical Isolates of Corynebacterium diphtheriae.
Intestinal colonisation with extended-spectrum cephalosporin- and colistin-resistant Enterobacteriaceae in HIV-positive individuals in Switzerland: molecular features and risk factors.
Childhood BMI in relation to microbiota in infancy and lifetime antibiotic use.
Incidence, bacteriology, and clinical outcome of ventilator-associated pneumonia at tertiary care hospital.
First report on bla NDM-1-producing Acinetobacter baumannii in three clinical isolates from Ethiopia.
Pili-like proteins of Akkermansia muciniphila modulate host immune responses and gut barrier function.
Colibacillosis in a New Zealand white rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus).
Novel role for IL-22 in protection during chronic Mycobacterium tuberculosis HN878 infection.
Extraintestinal infection of Helicobacter cinaedi induced by oral administration to Balb/c mice.
Elevated Cholesterol in the Coxiella burnetii Intracellular Niche Is Bacteriolytic.
Very high prevalence of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in bacteriemic patients hospitalized in teaching hospitals in Bamako, Mali.
Adipose tissue is the first colonization site of Leptospira interrogans in subcutaneously infected hamsters.
Microbiome yarns: microbiomology of curly and straight hair.
The role of Escherichia coli in reproductive health: state of the art.
Biofilm and Infectious Agents Present at the Time of Penile Prosthesis Revision Surgery: Times Are a Changing.
Quorum Sensing Inhibitors from the Sea Discovered Using Bacterial N-acyl-homoserine Lactone-Based Biosensors.
The presence of the putative Gardnerella vaginalis sialidase A gene in vaginal specimens is associated with bacterial vaginosis biofilm.
Community Assembly and Ecology of Activated Sludge under Photosynthetic Feast-Famine Conditions.
Impact of asynchronous emergence of two lethal pathogens on amphibian assemblages.
A Pilot Randomized, Controlled Study of Nanocrystalline Silver, Manuka Honey, and Conventional Dressing in Healing Diabetic Foot Ulcer.
Poster.
Workshop.
International Symposium (Special Lecture).
Educational Lecture.
Luncheon Seminar.
Symposium.
Rheumatic manifestations associated with Chikungunya virus infection: A study of 307 patients with 32-month follow-up (RHUMATOCHIK study).
Genetic diversity, distant phylogenetic relationships and the occurrence of recombination events among cucumber mosaic virus isolates from zucchini in Poland.
Seasonal Pattern of Mycobacterium ulcerans, the Causative Agent of Buruli Ulcer, in the Environment in Ghana.
Spatial-temporal cluster analysis of fatal Clostridium chauvoei cases among cattle in Styria, Austria between 1986 and 2013.
Inflammation following invasive procedures for Warthin \' s tumour: A retrospective case series.
LuxCDE-luxAB-based promoter reporter system to monitor the Yersinia enterocolitica O:3 gene expression in vivo.
Changes in plasma protein levels as an early indication of a bloodstream infection.
Characterization of pathogenesis of and immune response to Burkholderia pseudomallei K96243 using both inhalational and intraperitoneal infection models in BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice.
Plasmid Classification in an Era of Whole-Genome Sequencing: Application in Studies of Antibiotic Resistance Epidemiology.
Bacterial biofilms in the vagina.
Rapid evolution of distinct Helicobacter pylori subpopulations in the Americas.
Identification of a New Virulent Clade in Enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli O26:H11/H- Sequence Type 29.
Isolation of Clostridium difficile and molecular detection of binary and A/B toxins in faeces of dogs.
Identification of a Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 DNA Methyltransferase, Its Targets, and Physiological Roles.
In Vitro and In Vivo Activity of Omadacycline against Two Biothreat Pathogens, Bacillus anthracis and Yersinia pestis.
Immunoactive Clostridial Membrane Vesicle Production Is Regulated by a Sporulation Factor.
Epidemiological tracing of bovine tuberculosis in Switzerland, multilocus variable number of tandem repeat analysis of Mycobacterium bovis and Mycobacterium caprae.
Development of Dirofilaria immitis and Dirofilaria repens in Aedes japonicus and Aedes geniculatus.
Bacteriology of the conjunctiva in pre-cataract surgery patients with occluded nasolacrimal ducts and the operation outcomes in Japanese patients.
Interaction of Cutibacterium ( formerly Propionibacterium) acnes with bone cells: a step toward understanding bone and joint infection development.
Short communication: Diagnostic performance of on-farm bacteriological culture systems for identification of uterine Escherichia coli in postpartum dairy cows.
Quadruple-first line drug resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis in Vietnam: What can we learn from genes?
Population genetic structure and adaptation of malaria parasites on the edge of endemic distribution.
Molecular Epidemiology of Leptospira Serogroup Pomona Infections Among Wild and Domestic Animals in Spain.
Bovine TB infection status in cattle in Great Britain in 2015.
Rethinking the role of alpha toxin in Clostridium perfringens-associated enteric diseases: a review on bovine necro-haemorrhagic enteritis.
Prevalence of Listeria monocytogenes in Retail Lightly Pickled Vegetables and Its Successful Control at Processing Plants.
British Journal of Biomedical Science in 2016. What have we learned?
Trends in carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae, France, 2012 to 2014.
Differential Ability of Bovine Antimicrobial Cathelicidins to Mediate Nucleic Acid Sensing by Epithelial Cells.
High incidence of non-tuberculous mycobacteria-positive cultures among adolescent with cystic fibrosis.
Aprepitant limits in vivo neuroinflammatory responses in a rhesus model of Lyme neuroborreliosis.
Role of outer membrane protein T in pathogenicity of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli.
Host Genotype and Gut Microbiome Modulate Insulin Secretion and Diet-Induced Metabolic Phenotypes.
Identification of a Novel Rhizopus-specific Antigen by Screening with a Signal Sequence Trap and Evaluation as a Possible Diagnostic Marker of Mucormycosis.
Single-Nucleotide Polymorphisms in the Whole-Genome Sequence Data of Shiga Toxin-Producing Escherichia coli O157:H7/H- Strains by Cultivation.
Comparative genomics reveals high biological diversity and specific adaptations in the industrially and medically important fungal genus Aspergillus.
Temporal induction of pro-inflammatory and regulatory cytokines in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells by Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli.
Genotyping of clinical and environmental multidrug resistant Enterococcus faecium strains.
Investigation of intra-herd spread of Mycobacterium caprae in cattle by generation and use of a whole-genome sequence.
Luethyella okanaganae gen. nov., sp. nov., a Novel Genus and Species of the Family Microbacteriaceae Isolated from the Insect Okanagana rimosa.
Comparative genome analysis of VSP-II and SNPs reveals heterogenic variation in contemporary strains of Vibrio cholerae O1 isolated from cholera patients in Kolkata, India.
Diagnosis of primary antibody and complement deficiencies in young adults after a first invasive bacterial infection.
High Carbapenem Resistance in Clinical Gram-Negative Pathogens Isolated in Egypt.
Comparison of sampling methods to recover germinated Bacillus anthracis and Bacillus thuringiensis endospores from surface coupons.
Evaluation of direct Etest for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of bacteria isolated from synovial fluid of horses using enrichment bottles.
Fatal human anaplasmosis associated with macrophage activation syndrome in Greece and the Public Health response.
Prevalence of Legionella species isolated from shower water in public bath facilities in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.
Two stable variants of Burkholderia pseudomallei strain MSHR5848 express broadly divergent in vitro phenotypes associated with their virulence differences.
Seasonal, Geographic, and Temporal Trends of emm Clusters Associated With Invasive Group A Streptococcal Infections in US Multistate Surveillance.
Emergence of the lymphogranuloma venereum L2c genovariant, Hungary, 2012 to 2016.
Streptomyces as Overexpression System for Heterologous Production of an Antimicrobial Peptide.
Difference in Antibody Responses to Mycobacterium tuberculosis Antigens in Japanese Tuberculosis Patients Infected with the Beijing/Non-Beijing Genotype.
In vivo and in vitro experiments before new direction on clinical management of any diseases attributed with Helicobacter pylori.
Fermentation of model hemicelluloses by Prevotella strains and Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens in pure culture and in ruminal enrichment cultures.
Calprotectin as a Biomarker for Melioidosis Disease Progression and Management.
Involvement of matrix metalloproteinases in chronic Q fever.
Repetitive urine and blood sampling in neonatal and weaned piglets for pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic modelling in drug discovery: a pilot study.
Biocontrol of Burkholderia cepacia complex bacteria and bacterial phytopathogens by Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus.
Lack of OxyR and KatG Results in Extreme Susceptibility of Francisella tularensis LVS to Oxidative Stress and Marked Attenuation In vivo.
The Effect of Oral Vaccination with Mycobacterium bovis BCG on the Development of Tuberculosis in Captive European Badgers (Meles meles).
A novel multiplex qPCR targeting 23S rDNA for diagnosis of swine dysentery and porcine intestinal spirochaetosis.
The value of cultures to modern microbiology.
Amniotic Fluid Infection in Preterm Pregnancies with Intact Membranes.
Case-Case Analysis Using 7 Years of Travelers \'  Diarrhea Surveillance Data: Preventive and Travel Medicine Applications in Cusco, Peru.
Legionella prevalence and risk of legionellosis in Japanese households.
Isolation and partial characterization of Streptococcus suis from clinical cases in cattle.
Saprolegniosis in Nile Tilapia: Identification, Molecular Characterization, and Phylogenetic Analysis of Two Novel Pathogenic Saprolegnia Strains.
A Field Study of Plague and Tularemia in Rodents, Western Iran.
Significant disparities in allergy prevalence and microbiota between the young people in Finnish and Russian Karelia.
Factor H specifically capture novel Factor H-binding proteins of Streptococcus suis and contribute to the virulence of the bacteria.
Role of microbiological culture and polymerase chain reaction (PCR) of actinomyces in medication-related osteonecrosis of the jaw (MRONJ).
Messages from the first International Conference on Clinical Metagenomics (ICCMg).
Serotype distribution and antimicrobial susceptibility of Streptococcus pneumoniae strains isolated in Japan after introduction of the routine immunization program.
Molecular epidemiology of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in a primary care hospital in Japan, 2010-2013.
Physiological Responses and Gene Co-Expression Network of Mycorrhizal Roots under K+ Deprivation.
Prevalence and molecular typing of Clostridium perfringens in captive wildlife in India.
Reduction in chlorhexidine efficacy against multi-drug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii international clone II.
The proline residue at position 319 of BvgS is essential for BvgAS activation in Bordetella pertussis.
Enrichment of sulfidogenic bacteria from the human intestinal tract.
Effects of nutritional and ambient oxygen condition on biofilm formation in Mycobacterium avium subsp. hominissuis via altered glycolipid expression.
The global dynamics of diabetes and tuberculosis: the impact of migration and policy implications.
Effects of dexamethasone and meloxicam on Borrelia burgdorferi-induced inflammation in glial and neuronal cells of the central nervous system.
A new subclass of intrinsic aminoglycoside nucleotidyltransferases, ANT(3")-II, is horizontally transferred among Acinetobacter spp. by homologous recombination.
Toxin Mediates Sepsis Caused by Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Biofilm formation, invasiveness and colicinogeny in locus of enterocyte and effacement negative O113:H21 Shigatoxigenic Escherichia coli.
Letter: more studies are needed to elucidate any association between Helicobacter pylori infection and Barrett \' s metaplasia.
Complications with peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs) used in hospitalized patients and outpatients: a prospective cohort study.
Multi-locus sequence type analysis of Shigellas pp. isolates from Tehran, Iran.
The Atypical Ubiquitin E2 Conjugase UBE2L3 Is an Indirect Caspase-1 Target and Controls IL-1beta Secretion by Inflammasomes.
p-Cresyl Sulfate.
Class I Integron and beta-lactamase encoding genes of multidrug resistance Salmonella isolated from pigeons and their environments.
Isolation, identification and antimicrobial sensitivity of Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale in broilers chicken flocks of Khuzestan, Iran.
A Novel Repressor of the ica Locus Discovered in Clinically Isolated Super-Biofilm-Elaborating Staphylococcus aureus.
Periodontitis in early and chronic rheumatoid arthritis: a prospective follow-up study in Finnish population.
Clonal or not clonal? Investigating hospital outbreaks of KPC-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae with whole-genome sequencing.
Analysis of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 Biofilm Protein Profile After Exposure to n-Butanolic Cyclamen coum Extract Alone and in Combination with Ciprofloxacin.
Achromobacter xylosoxidans infection in cystic fibrosis siblings with different outcomes: Case reports.
First Draft Genome Sequence of the Dourine Causative Agent: Trypanosoma Equiperdum Strain OVI.
Essential Oils: Sources of Antimicrobials and Food Preservatives.
Classic Spotlight: Persistence Persists.
Dynamics of GreB-RNA polymerase interaction allow a proofreading accessory protein to patrol for transcription complexes needing rescue.
Some Synonymous and Nonsynonymous gyrA Mutations in Mycobacterium tuberculosis Lead to Systematic False-Positive Fluoroquinolone Resistance Results with the Hain GenoType MTBDRsl Assays.
The Mechanism of Killing by the Proline-Rich Peptide Bac7(1-35) against Clinical Strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa Differs from That against Other Gram-Negative Bacteria.
Analysis of Translocation-Competent Secretory Proteins by HDX-MS.
Quantitative Proteomics of the E. coli Membranome.
Recent advances in biochemical and molecular diagnostics for the rapid detection of antibiotic-resistant Enterobacteriaceae: a focus on ss-lactam resistance.
Diagnostic value of two commercial chromatographic "patient-side" tests in the diagnosis of acute canine leptospirosis.
Right ventricular function during acute exacerbation of severe equine asthma.
Helicobacter pylori treatment: New perspectives using current experience.
Salmonella Enteritidis flagellar mutants have a colonization benefit in the chicken oviduct.
Commensal bacteria at the crossroad between cholesterol homeostasis and chronic inflammation in atherosclerosis.
Rapid discrimination of blaIMP-1, blaIMP-6, and blaIMP-34 using a multiplex PCR.
Seroprevalence and risk factors associated with bovine brucellosis in the Potohar Plateau, Pakistan.
Effect of Addition of Curcumin Nanoparticles on Antimicrobial Property and Shear Bond Strength of Orthodontic Composite to Bovine Enamel.
miR-125b and miR-532-3p predict the efficiency of rituximab-mediated lymphodepletion in chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients. A French Innovative Leukemia Organization study.
Draft Genome Sequence of an Erythromycin-Resistant Propionibacterium acnes Isolate Recovered from Folliculitis of the Scalp.
MiR-155 Alleviates Septic Lung Injury by Inducing Autophagy Via Inhibition of Transforming Growth Factor-beta-Activated Binding Protein 2.
Species-specific immunity to Helicobacter suis.
The Immediate and Delayed Post-Debridement Effects on Tissue Bacterial Wound Counts of Hypochlorous Acid Versus Saline Irrigation in Chronic Wounds.
Noncarbapenemase OXA-48 Variants (OXA-163 and OXA-405) Falsely Detected as Carbapenemases by the beta Carba Test.
Condensed Tannins in the Gastrointestinal Tract of Cattle after Sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia) Intake and Their Possible Relationship with Anthelmintic Effects.
Comparison of a 5-mm and 10-mm vessel sealing device in an open ovariectomy model in dogs.
Epidemiology and characterization of Escherichia coli outbreak on a pig farm in South Africa.
Cellular and transcriptomic response to treatment with the probiotic candidate Vibrio lentus in gnotobiotic sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax) larvae.
Identifying components required for OMP biogenesis as novel targets for antiinfective drugs.
Preparation and preservation of viable Akkermansia muciniphila cells for therapeutic interventions.
Contagious equine metritis in Portugal: A retrospective report of the first outbreak in the country and recent contagious equine metritis test results.
A sampling and metagenomic sequencing-based methodology for monitoring antimicrobial resistance in swine herds.
Survival of Carbapenem-Resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae Sequence Type 258 in Human Blood.
[Lydia Rabinowitsch-Kempner].
Burden of Pneumococcal Disease in Northern Togo before the Introduction of Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine.
[Clonal relationship and detection of blaKPC gene in strains of Klebsiella pneumoniae resistant to carbapenems, at a hospital in Venezuela].
Carriage of antimicrobial resistant Escherichia coli in dogs: Prevalence, associated risk factors and molecular characteristics.
Streptococcus suis small RNA rss04 contributes to the induction of meningitis by regulating capsule synthesis and by inducing biofilm formation in a mouse infection model.
Colonisation of poultry by Salmonella Enteritidis S1400 is reduced by combined administration of Lactobacillus salivarius 59 and Enterococcus faecium PXN-33.
Changes in Molecular Characteristics of Mycoplasma pneumoniae in Clinical Specimens from Children in Beijing between 2003 and 2015.
Historical Perspectives and Guidelines for Botulinum Neurotoxin Subtype Nomenclature.
CD1- and CD1+ porcine blood dendritic cells are enriched for the orthologues of the two major mammalian conventional subsets.
[Incidence of bacteria from cultures of bile and gallbladder wall of laparoscopic cholecystectomy patients in the University Hospital "Dr. Jose Eleuterio Gonzalez"].
Assessing Fifty Years of General Health Surveillance of Roe Deer in Switzerland: A Retrospective Analysis of Necropsy Reports.
Genotypic characterization of quinolone resistant-Escherichia coli isolates from retail food in Morocco.
Effect of Freeze-Dried Allograft Bone With Human Basic Fibroblast Growth Factor Containing a Collagen-Binding Domain From Clostridium histolyticum Collagenase on Bone Formation After Lumbar Posterolateral Fusion Surgery in Rats.
Optical DNA mapping in nanofluidic devices: principles and applications.
Microbial succession in the gastrointestinal tract of dairy cows from 2 weeks to first lactation.
Impact of diversity of Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae strains on lung lesions in slaughter pigs.
The pangenome of (Antarctic) Pseudoalteromonas bacteria: evolutionary and functional insights.
Interactions between microsatellite instability and human gut colonization by Escherichia coli in colorectal cancer.
Use of MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry in the battle against bacterial infectious diseases: recent achievements and future perspectives.
The value of participatory development to support antimicrobial stewardship with a clinical decision support system.
Canine tick-borne pathogens in Cyprus and a unique canine case of multiple co-infections.
The Aspergillus nidulans Pbp1 homolog is required for normal sexual development and secondary metabolism.
Prevention of paediatric nosocomial infections: adapting before acting.
Intracellular fate of Ureaplasma parvum entrapped by host cellular autophagy.
European consensus conference on faecal microbiota transplantation in clinical practice.
EspL is a bacterial cysteine protease effector that cleaves RHIM proteins to block necroptosis and inflammation.
Draft Genome Sequence of Micromonospora sp. Strain WMMB235, a Marine Ascidian-Associated Bacterium.
Impact of Fusarium mycotoxins on hepatic and intestinal mRNA expression of cytochrome P450 enzymes and drug transporters, and on the pharmacokinetics of oral enrofloxacin in broiler chickens.
Isolation and identification methods of Rothia species in oral cavities.
Draft genome sequence of an aminoglycoside-resistant RmtG-producing Pseudomonas aeruginosa ST235 isolated from a cystic fibrosis patient.
Draft genome sequence of an environmental multidrug-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae ST340/CC258 harbouring blaCTX-M-15 and blaKPC-2 genes.
Yersinia enterocolitica, a Neglected Cause of Human Enteric Infections in Cote d \' Ivoire.
Mitigating amphibian chytridiomycoses in nature.
Secondary metabolite arsenal of an opportunistic pathogenic fungus.
Tetrahedral DNA Nanoparticle Vector for Intracellular Delivery of Targeted Peptide Nucleic Acid Antisense Agents to Restore Antibiotic Sensitivity in Cefotaxime-Resistant Escherichia coli.
Colonization Rate and Risk Factors of Vancomycin-Resistant Enterococci among Patients Received Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation in Shiraz, Southern Iran.
Testing of a palatable bait and compatible vaccine carrier for the oral vaccination of European badgers (Meles meles) against tuberculosis.
Tuberculosis Detection in Paratuberculosis Vaccinated Calves: New Alternatives against Interference.
Application of guidelines for aminoglycosides use in French hospitals in 2013-2014.
Molecular Analysis and Expression of bap Gene in Biofilm-Forming Multi-Drug-Resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.
Evaluation of Different Primers for Detection of Brucella by Using PCR Method.
SseK1 and SseK3 Type III Secretion System Effectors Inhibit NF-kappaB Signaling and Necroptotic Cell Death in Salmonella-Infected Macrophages.
Characterization of BRPMBL, the Bleomycin Resistance Protein Associated with the Carbapenemase NDM.
MRSA USA300, USA300-LV and ST5-IV in pigs, Cuba.
Brucella abortus is Prevalent in Both Humans and Animals in Bangladesh.
Complement Evasion by Pathogenic Leptospira.
Extended Multilocus Sequence Analysis to Describe the Global Population Structure of the Genus Brucella: Phylogeography and Relationship to Biovars.
Heterocyte-forming cyanobacteria from Brazilian saline-alkaline lakes.
Bivalent flagellin immunotherapy protects mice against Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections in both acute pneumonia and burn wound models.
Editorial Comment: "Preoperative Urine Culture Results Correlate Poorly With Bacteriology of Urologic Prosthetic Device Infections".
Preoperative Urine Culture Results Correlate Poorly With Bacteriology of Urologic Prosthetic Device Infections.
Nanomechanical sensor applied to blood culture pellets: a fast approach to determine the antibiotic susceptibility against agents of bloodstream infections.
Distribution of resistance genetic determinants among Vibrio cholerae isolates of 2012 and 2013 outbreaks in IR Iran.
Use of carvacrol, thymol, and eugenol for biofilm eradication and resistance modifying susceptibility of Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium strains to nalidixic acid.
Reduced particle size wheat bran is butyrogenic and lowers Salmonella colonization, when added to poultry feed.
Evaluation of MLVA for epidemiological typing and outbreak detection of ESBL-producing Escherichia coli in Sweden.
The Hcp proteins fused with diverse extended-toxin domains represent a novel pattern of antibacterial effectors in type VI secretion systems.
Activated ADI pathway: the initiator of intermediate vancomycin resistance in Staphylococcus aureus.
Complete Genome Sequence of Akkermansia glycaniphila Strain PytT, a Mucin-Degrading Specialist of the Reticulated Python Gut.
Extremely Low Genomic Diversity of Rickettsia japonica Distributed in Japan.
In vitro activity of antimicrobial agents against multidrug- and extensively drug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.
A Review of Methods for Detection of Hepatozoon Infection in Carnivores and Arthropod Vectors.
Erratum to: Cloning and Expression of Metagenomic DNA in Streptomyces lividans and Subsequent Fermentation for Optimized Production.
Qualitative alpha-defensin test (Synovasure) for the diagnosis of periprosthetic infection in revision total joint arthroplasty.
Detection of GES-5 Carbapenemase in Klebsiella pneumoniae, a Newcomer in France.
Fungi exposed to chronic nitrogen enrichment are less able to decay leaf litter.
Open complex DNA scrunching: A key to transcription start site selection and promoter escape.
Anaerobic Bacteriological Microbiota in Surface and Core of Tonsils in Chronic Tonsillitis.
Invasive pneumococcal disease among adults in Japan, April 2013 to March 2015: disease characteristics and serotype distribution.
Spread of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli ST117 O78:H4 in Nordic broiler production.
The Pseudomonas putida T6SS is a plant warden against phytopathogens.
Antimycobacterial potency and cytotoxicity study of three medicinal plants.
Antimycobacterial ingredients from plants used in traditional medicine to treat Buruli ulcer.
In vitro antimycobacterial activity and toxicity of eight medicinal plants against pathogenic and nonpathogenic mycobacterial strains.
Effectiveness of intrauterine treatment with cephapirin in dairy cows with purulent vaginal discharge.
The emetic activity of staphylococcal enterotoxins, SEK, SEL, SEM, SEN and SEO in a small emetic animal model, the house musk shrew.
Evaluating the efficacy of beef slaughter line interventions by quantifying the six major non-O157 Shiga toxin producing Escherichia coli serogroups using real-time multiplex PCR.
Occurrence and characterization of food-borne pathogens isolated from fruit, vegetables and sprouts retailed in the Czech Republic.
Pentynyl Ether of beta-Cyclodextrin Polymer and Silica Micro-Particles: A New Hybrid Material for Adsorption of Phenanthrene from Water.
Meningococcal disease: has the battle been won?
Endoplasmic reticulum chaperone Gp96 controls actomyosin dynamics and protects against pore-forming toxins.
[The role and contribution of chief physician Matija Perak (1914-1992) to the foundation and development of phtisiology in Petrinja (1946-1978)].
In Vitro Activity of Iclaprim against Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Nonsusceptible to Daptomycin, Linezolid, or Vancomycin: A Pilot Study.
Epidemiological relationships of Campylobacter jejuni strains isolated from humans and chickens in South Korea.
Complete Genome Sequence of Rothia aeria Type Strain JCM 11412, Isolated from Air in the Russian Space Laboratory Mir.
Genome Sequence of Actinomyces naeslundii Strain ATCC 27039, Isolated from an Abdominal Wound Abscess.
Is First-Line Vancomycin Still the Best Option to Treat Staphylococcus Health Care-Associated Meningitis?
Contribution of Secreted NADase and Streptolysin O to the Pathogenesis of Epidemic Serotype M1 Streptococcus pyogenes Infections.
In vivo Antibacterial and Wound Healing Activities of Roman Chamomile (Chamaemelum nobile).
Norovirus in feces and nasopharyngeal swab of children with and without acute gastroenteritis symptoms: First report of GI.5 in Brazil and GI.3 in nasopharyngeal swab.
Comparative Genome Analysis and Global Phylogeny of the Toxin Variant Clostridium difficile PCR Ribotype 017 Reveals the Evolution of Two Independent Sublineages.
Proteolytic Cleavage of the Immunodominant Outer Membrane Protein rOmpA in Rickettsia rickettsii.
MCR-1 in ESBL-producing Escherichia coli responsible for human infections in New Caledonia.
attI1-Located Small Open Reading Frames ORF-17 and ORF-11 in a Class 1 Integron Affect Expression of a Gene Cassette Possessing a Canonical Shine-Dalgarno Sequence.
Effects of Propidium Monoazide (PMA) Treatment on Mycobiome and Bacteriome Analysis of Cystic Fibrosis Airways during Exacerbation.
A novel isolation protocol and probe-based RT-PCR for diagnosis of gastric infections with the zoonotic pathogen Helicobacter suis.
Role of dupA in virulence of Helicobacter pylori.
Antimicrobial Activity of Actinobacteria Isolated From the Guts of Subterranean Termites.
Pneumococcal biliary tract infections - How rare are they?
Mutations in Cas9 Enhance the Rate of Acquisition of Viral Spacer Sequences during the CRISPR-Cas Immune Response.
Comparison of quinolone and beta-lactam resistance among Escherichia coli strains isolated from urinary tract infections.
Anticandidal, antibacterial, cytotoxic and antioxidant activities of Calendula arvensis flowers.
Several Hfq-dependent alterations in physiology of Yersinia enterocolitica O:3 are mediated by derepression of the transcriptional regulator RovM.
Streptococcus caviae sp. nov., isolated from guinea pig faecal samples.
Complete Genome Sequence of Streptococcus sp. Strain NPS 308.
Utilizing the Carba NP test as an indicator of expression level of carbapenemase genes in Enterobacteriaceae.
Transcriptome analysis reveals common differential and global gene expression profiles in bluetongue virus serotype 16 (BTV-16) infected peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) in sheep and goats.
A Case Study of Rat Bite Fever Caused by Streptobacillus moniliformis.
Antibiotic Susceptibilities and Genetic Characteristics of Extended-Spectrum Beta-Lactamase-Producing Escherichia coli Isolates from Stools of Pediatric Diarrhea Patients in Surabaya, Indonesia.
Streptococcus agalactiae outbreaks in cultured golden pomfret, Trachinotus blochii (Lacepede), in Singapore.
Cross-regulation by CrcZ RNA controls anoxic biofilm formation in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Development of Streptococcus agalactiae vaccines for tilapia.
Prevalence of hepatitis A across various countries in the Middle East, African and Eastern European countries.
Efflux in the Oral Metagenome: The Discovery of a Novel Tetracycline and Tigecycline ABC Transporter.
Sensing danger.
Emergence and dissemination of a linezolid-resistant Staphylococcus capitis clone in Europe.
[Isolation, identification and lead adsorption study of lead-resistant Lactobacillus casei strains from feces of healthy newborns].
Immunogenicity and Protective Efficacy of the DAR-901 Booster Vaccine in a Murine Model of Tuberculosis.
Genetic Characterization of Circulating 2015 A(H1N1)pdm09 Influenza Viruses from Eastern India.
The Impact of Deoxynivalenol on Pigeon Health: Occurrence in Feed, Toxicokinetics and Interaction with Salmonellosis.
Bacterial secretion: A new front for intermicrobial wars.
- No Title -
Klebsiella pneumoniae of suspected human origin from free-living common seals on the east coast of England.
Impaired Akt Phosphorylation in Monocytes of Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis.
First Report of Group CTX-M-9 Extended Spectrum Beta-Lactamases in Escherichia coli Isolates from Pediatric Patients in Mexico.
Evaluation of the Xpert Carba-R (Cepheid) Assay Using Contrived Bronchial Specimens from Patients with Suspicion of Ventilator-Associated Pneumonia for the Detection of Prevalent Carbapenemases.
Ribavirin suppresses bacterial virulence by targeting LysR-type transcriptional regulators.
Erratum to: Scoring and psychometric validation of the  \' Determinants of Intentions to Vaccinate \'  (DIVA ) questionnaire.
Novel portable platform for molecular detection of toxigenic Clostridium difficile in faeces: a diagnostic accuracy study.
Coxiella burnetii (Q fever) prevalence in associated populations of humans and small ruminants in The Gambia.
Environmental investigation for the presence of Vibrio species following a case of severe gastroenteritis in a touristic island.
Effective characterization of Salmonella Enteritidis by most probable number (MPN) followed by multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) methods.
Performance of urinalysis tests and their ability in predicting results of urine cultures: a comparison between automated test strip analyser and flow cytometry in various subpopulations and types of samples.
Complete Genome Sequence of Rhodococcus sp. Strain WMMA185, a Marine Sponge-Associated Bacterium.
Draft Genome Sequences of Four Propionibacterium acnes Strains Isolated from Implant-Related Infections.
Complete Genome Sequences of Enterococcus rotai LMG 26678T and Enterococcus silesiacus LMG 23085T.
Learning from epidemiological, clinical, and immunological studies on Mycobacterium africanum for improving current understanding of host-pathogen interactions, and for the development and evaluation of diagnostics, host-directed therapies, and vaccines for tuberculosis.
A minireview on the in vitro and in vivo experiments with anti-Escherichia coli O157:H7 phages as potential biocontrol and phage therapy agents.
Evaluation of a commercial loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay for diagnosis of Bordetella pertussis infection.
Japanese antimicrobial consumption surveillance: First report on oral and parenteral antimicrobial consumption in Japan (2009-2013).
Genes essential for the morphogenesis of the Shiga toxin 2-transducing phage from Escherichia coli O157:H7.
The novel homozygous KCNJ10 c.986T&gt;C (p.(Leu329Pro)) variant is pathogenic for the SeSAME/EAST homologue in Malinois dogs.
Genotypic analysis of Escherichia coli strains that cause urosepsis in the Aegean region.
Multiple-Locus Variable Number Tandem Repeat Analysis of Klebsiella pneumoniae: Comparison with Pulsed-Field Gel Electrophoresis.
Effect of RGD coupled MDA-7/IL-24 on apoptosis induction in a hepatocellular carcinoma cell line.
Inventory of Extended-Spectrum-beta-Lactamase-Producing Enterobacteriaceae in France as Assessed by a Multicenter Study.
Salmonella Meningitis Associated with Monocyte Infiltration in Mice.
Prevalence, seasonal variation, and antibiotic resistance pattern of enteric bacterial pathogens among hospitalized diarrheic children in suburban regions of central Kenya.
STAT6 and STAT1 Pathway Activation in Circulating Lymphocytes and Monocytes as Predictor of Treatment Response in Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Visualizing viable Mycobacterium tuberculosis in sputum to monitor isolation measures.
Antimicrobial treatment of clinical mastitis in the eastern United States: The influence of dairy farmers \'  mastitis management and treatment behavior and attitudes.
Evidence of Brucella strain ST27 in bottlenose dolphin (Tursiops truncatus) in Europe.
A dominant lineage of Mycoplasma bovis is associated with an increased number of severe mastitis cases in cattle.
Haemophilus parasuis modulates cellular invasion via TGF-beta1 signaling.
Whole genome SNP analysis of bovine B. anthracis strains from Switzerland reflects strict regional separation of Simmental and Swiss Brown breeds in the past.
Antimicrobial resistance surveillance in Escherichia coli by using normalized resistance interpretation.
High prevalence of fosfomycin resistance gene fosA3 in bla CTX-M-harbouring Escherichia coli from urine in a Chinese tertiary hospital during 2010-2014.
Daptomycin use: where is the truth?
In Vitro Selective Growth-Inhibitory Effect of 8-Hydroxyquinoline on Clostridium perfringens versus Bifidobacteria in a Medium Containing Chicken Ileal Digesta.
Helicobacter pylori VacA, acting through receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase alpha, is crucial for CagA phosphorylation in human duodenum carcinoma cell line AZ-521.
Pulmonary Mycobacterium kansasii disease in immunocompetent host: Treatment outcomes with short-course chemotherapy.
Erratum to: An Experimental Framework for Generating Evolvable Chemical Systems in the Laboratory.
An In Vitro Co-culture Mouse Model Demonstrates Efficient Vaccine-Mediated Control of Francisella tularensis SCHU S4 and Identifies Nitric Oxide as a Predictor of Efficacy.
Draft Genome Sequences of Two Fabibacter sp. Strains Isolated from Coastal Surface Water of Aburatsubo Inlet, Japan.
Mitochondrial Genome Sequences of Four Strains of the Bloom-Forming Raphidophyte Heterosigma akashiwo.
Behaviour of European badgers and non-target species towards candidate baits for oral delivery of a tuberculosis vaccine.
Front-loaded sputum microscopy in the diagnosis of pulmonary tuberculosis.
There is inadequate evidence to support the division of the genus Borrelia.
[Lydia Rabinowitsch-Kempner].
Non-exponential growth of Mycobacterium leprae Thai-53 strain cultured in vitro.
Molecular epidemiology of SPM-1-producing Pseudomonas aeruginosa by rep-PCR in hospitals in Parana, Brazil.
Aeromonas salmonicida type III secretion system-effectors-mediated immune suppression in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
Increased adolescent knowledge and behavior following a one-time educational intervention about tuberculosis.
The Type III Secretion System Effector SptP of Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhi.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may affect cytokine response and benefit healing of combat-related extremity wounds.
Investigation of a mortality cluster in wild adult yellow-eyed penguins (Megadyptes antipodes) at Otago Peninsula, New Zealand.
Neonatal bacterial meningitis in Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital, Ethiopia: a 10-year retrospective review.
Diabetes mellitus among tuberculosis patients: a cross sectional study from Pakistan.
A Zebrafish Model for Chlamydia Infection with the Obligate Intracellular Pathogen Waddlia chondrophila.
Growth-Phase Sterigmatocystin Formation on Lactose Is Mediated via Low Specific Growth Rates in Aspergillus nidulans.
Multiple- locus variable-number tandem-repeat analysis (MLVA) of Shigella sonnei isolates of 2012 outbreak I. R. Iran.
Glycolysis without pyruvate kinase in Clostridium thermocellum.
Lactobacillus iners: Friend or Foe?
Phenotypic and Genotypic Characterization of Bacteriocinogenic Enterococci Against Clostridium botulinum.
Actinotignum schaalii subcutaneous abscesses in a patient with hidradenitis suppurativa: Case report and literature review.
A comparative study of different strategies for removal of endotoxins from bacteriophage preparations.
A systematic review of leptospirosis on dogs, pigs, and horses in Latin America.
S-substituted 3,5-dinitrophenyl 1,3,4-oxadiazole-2-thiols and tetrazole-5-thiols as highly efficient antitubercular agents.
Interactions of Respiratory Viruses and the Nasal Microbiota during the First Year of Life in Healthy Infants.
Epidemiology of Dermatophytoses in Crete, Greece.
Cloning-independent markerless gene editing in Streptococcus sanguinis: novel insights in type IV pilus biology.
A novel quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction method for detecting toxigenic Pasteurella multocida in nasal swabs from swine.
Meningococcal Disease in Children in Argentina A 3-year Active Sentinel Hospital Surveillance Study.
Antimicrobial susceptibility to azithromycin among Salmonella enterica Typhi and Paratyphi A isolates from India.
Viability of meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus after long-term storage on Dorset egg medium.
Macrococcus canis sp. nov., a skin bacterium associated with infections in dogs.
Clarifying the limitations on Rule 18a and Rule 30 of the International Code of Nomenclature of Prokaryotes.
Cloning and Expression of Metagenomic DNA in Streptomyces lividans and Subsequent Fermentation for Optimized Production.
Colocalization of distant chromosomal loci in space in E. coli: a bacterial nucleolus.
A Mouse Model of Multi-Drug Resistant Staphylococcus aureus-induced Ocular Disease.
Evaluation of hepatitis C virus intrafamilial transmission among families with one index case, a pilot study from Fars province, Iran.
Molecular Investigation of Resistance to Second-Line Injectable Drugs in Multidrug-Resistant Clinical Isolates of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in France.
A purified membrane protein from Akkermansia muciniphila or the pasteurized bacterium improves metabolism in obese and diabetic mice.
Evidence of disseminated infection by Mycobacterium avium subspecies hominissuis in a pet ferret (Mustela putorius furo).
A genome-wide association study identifies a horizontally transferred bacterial surface adhesin gene associated with antimicrobial resistant strains.
Septins and Bacterial Infection.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis Beijing Genotype in Western Iran: Distribution and Drug Resistance.
Protein export through the bacterial Sec pathway.
The role of whole genome sequencing in antimicrobial susceptibility testing of bacteria: report from the EUCAST Subcommittee.
Structure-based design of broadly protective group a streptococcal M protein-based vaccines.
Diet-Microbiota Interactions Mediate Global Epigenetic Programming in Multiple Host Tissues.
Injections of Predatory Bacteria Work Alongside Host Immune Cells to Treat Shigella Infection in Zebrafish Larvae.
Sustained fecal-oral human-to-human transmission following a zoonotic event.
Phenotypic and antibiogram pattern of V. cholerae isolates from a tertiary care hospital in Mumbai during 2004-2013: a retrospective cross-sectional study.
Acute rhinosinusitis during Hajj season 2014: Prevalence of bacterial infection and patterns of antimicrobial susceptibility.
Neutralizing human recombinant antibodies against herpes simplex virus type 1 glycoproteins B from a phage-displayed scFv antibody library.
Variable ventilation improves pulmonary function and reduces lung damage without increasing bacterial translocation in a rat model of experimental pneumonia.
Genetic elements associated with antimicrobial resistance among avian pathogenic Escherichia coli.
LukMF \'  is the major secreted leukocidin of bovine Staphylococcus aureus and is produced in vivo during bovine mastitis.
Protein Secretion in Gram-Positive Bacteria: From Multiple Pathways to Biotechnology.
Klebsiella and Klebs the person behind the name.
Botulinum neurotoxin type A alleviates mechanical hypersensitivity associated with infraorbital nerve constriction injury in rats.
Toxoplasma gondii in stranded marine mammals from the North Sea and Eastern Atlantic Ocean: Findings and diagnostic difficulties.
Recent applications of metabolomics to advance microbial biofuel production.
Genome-wide association of functional traits linked with Campylobacter jejuni survival from farm to fork.
Livestock-Associated Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (LA-MRSA) Clonal Complex (CC) 398 Isolated from UK Animals belong to European Lineages.
Macrophage-derived exosomes induce inflammatory factors in endothelial cells under hypertensive conditions.
Evolutionary Adaptation of the Essential tRNA Methyltransferase TrmD to the Signaling Molecule 3 \' ,5 \' -cAMP in Bacteria.
Sinus surgery can improve quality of life, lung infections, and lung function in patients with primary ciliary dyskinesia.
Successful elimination of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)-producing nosocomial bacteria at a neonatal intensive care unit.
The remarkable Dr Robertson.
Treponema, Iron and Neurodegeneration.
Amber necklaces: reasons for use and awareness of risk associated with bacterial colonisation.
Assessment of the Fecal Microbiota in Beef Calves.
A dangerous hobby? Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae bacteremia most probably acquired from freshwater aquarium fish handling.
Actin is an evolutionarily-conserved damage-associated molecular pattern that signals tissue injury in Drosophila melanogaster.
Lipooligosaccharide locus classes and putative virulence genes among chicken and human Campylobacter jejuni isolates.
PAAR-Rhs proteins harbor various C-terminal toxins to diversify the antibacterial pathways of type VI secretion systems.
Prior antimicrobial use as a risk factor for resistance in selected Staphylococcus pseudintermedius isolates from the skin and ears of dogs.
Critical review on biofilm methods.
Coagulase-negative Staphylococcus species in bulk milk: Prevalence, distribution, and associated subgroup- and species-specific risk factors.
Embryonal Rhabdomyosarcoma of the Oesophagus in a Young Dog.
The in vitro mechanisms of isoniazid and ethionamide resistance poorly reflect those in vivo in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
An Experimental Framework for Generating Evolvable Chemical Systems in the Laboratory.
Evaluation of a rapid antigen test for detection of Streptococcus pneumoniae in cerebrospinal fluid.
Oral vaccination of cattle with heat inactivated Mycobacterium bovis does not compromise bovine TB diagnostic tests.
Staphylococcus aureus penetrate the interkeratinocyte spaces created by skin-infiltrating neutrophils in a mouse model of impetigo.
Chlorhexidine bathing for the prevention of colonization and infection with multidrug-resistant microorganisms in a hematopoietic stem cell transplantation unit over a 9-year period: Impact on chlorhexidine susceptibility.
Multidrug-Resistant Outbreak-Associated Salmonella Strains in Irrigation Water from the Metropolitan Region, Chile.
Louse-borne relapsing fever in Finland in two asylum seekers from Somalia.
Differences in extracellular matrix proteins between Friesian horses with aortic rupture, unaffected Friesians and Warmblood horses.
Rapid Identification of Microorganisms from Positive Blood Culture by MALDI-TOF MS After Short-Term Incubation on Solid Medium.
In vitro fermentation of B-GOS: impact on faecal bacterial populations and metabolic activity in autistic and non-autistic children.
Genome Sequence of an Acinetobacter baumannii Strain Carrying Three Acquired Carbapenemase Genes.
Chromosomal Amplification of the blaOXA-58 Carbapenemase Gene in a Proteus mirabilis Clinical Isolate.
Prevalence of Colistin Resistance Gene mcr-1 and Absence of mcr-2 in Escherichia coli Isolated from Healthy Food-Producing Animals in Japan.
Comparative Analysis of Secretomes from Ectomycorrhizal Fungi with an Emphasis on Small-Secreted Proteins.
Two unusual cases of successful treatment of hypermucoviscous Klebsiella pneumoniae invasive syndrome.
Detection of Diarrhea Etiology Among U.S. Military Personnel During Exercise Balikatan 2014, Philippines, Using TaqMan Array Cards.
Listeria monocytogenes sequence type 1 is predominant in ruminant rhombencephalitis.
Mac Protein is not an Essential Virulence Factor for the Virulent Reference Strain Streptococcus suis P1/7.
Adequacy of examining one sputum specimen in tuberculosis drug resistance surveys.
De novo design of a biologically active amyloid.
Prevalence of Rickettsia spp. in Ticks and Serological and Clinical Outcomes in Tick-Bitten Individuals in Sweden and on the Aland Islands.
Bacteriology of Urine Specimens Obtained from Men with Symptomatic Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.
In vitro reduction of antibacterial activity of tigecycline against multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii with host stress hormone norepinephrine.
Single-cell RNA-seq ties macrophage polarization to growth rate of intracellular Salmonella.
Experimental challenge of pregnant cattle with the putative abortifacient Waddlia chondrophila.
Global gene expression profile of peripheral blood mononuclear cells challenged with Theileria annulata in crossbred and indigenous cattle.
The Effect of Maternal Pertussis Immunization on Infant Vaccine Responses to a Booster Pertussis-Containing Vaccine in Vietnam.
Seven hypervirulent ST380 Klebsiella pneumoniae septic localizations.
Critically ill patients demonstrate large interpersonal variation in intestinal microbiota dysregulation: a pilot study.
Rac2 Functions in Both Neutrophils and Macrophages To Mediate Motility and Host Defense in Larval Zebrafish.
Passive immunization against Pseudomonas aeruginosa recombinant PilA in a murine burn wound model.
Patients \'  and health system \' s delays in the diagnosis and treatment of new pulmonary tuberculosis patients in West Gojjam Zone, Northwest Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study.
Efficacy of ivermectin against gastrointestinal nematodes of cattle in Denmark evaluated by different methods for analysis of faecal egg count reduction.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Phycodnavirus, Heterosigma akashiwo Virus Strain 53.
New Insights into the Cyclic Di-adenosine Monophosphate (c-di-AMP) Degradation Pathway and the Requirement of the Cyclic Dinucleotide for Acid Stress Resistance in Staphylococcus aureus.
Molecular characterization and analysis of TLR-1 in rabbit tissues.
The Salmonella Effector SteD Mediates MARCH8-Dependent Ubiquitination of MHC II Molecules and Inhibits T Cell Activation.
A mutagenesis-based approach identifies amino acids in the N-terminal part of Francisella tularensis IglE that critically control Type VI system-mediated secretion.
Characterization of Aspergillus fumigatus Isolates from Air and Surfaces of the International Space Station.
Inhibitory effect of Lactobacillus plantarum and Lb. fermentum isolated from the faeces of healthy infants against nonfermentative bacteria causing nosocomial infections.
Audit of Helicobacter pylori Testing in Microbiology Laboratories in England: To Inform Compliance with NICE Guidance and the Feasibility of Routine Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance.
Low Seroprevalence of Brucellosis in Humans and Small Ruminants in the Gambia.
Pruning to Increase Taylor Dispersion in Physarum polycephalum Networks.
Species composition, distribution, ecological preference and host association of ticks in Cyprus.
Three-dimensional cell culture models for investigating human viruses.
Environmental Disturbances Decrease the Variability of Microbial Populations within Periphyton.
PFGE genotyping and molecular characterization of Campylobacter spp. isolated from chicken meat.
Model of Host-Pathogen Interaction Dynamics Links In Vivo Optical Imaging and Immune Responses.
Determination of virulence and antibiotic resistance pattern of biofilm producing Listeria species isolated from retail raw milk.
The Global Meningococcal Initiative: global epidemiology, the impact of vaccines on meningococcal disease and the importance of herd protection.
Antibacterial Effects of Glycyrrhetinic Acid and Its Derivatives on Staphylococcus aureus.
Antimicrobial Susceptibility of Autochthonous Aquatic Vibrio cholerae in Haiti.
Use of juglone as antibacterial and potential efflux pump inhibitors in Staphylococcus aureus isolated from the oral cavity.
Detection, isolation and characterization of Fusobacterium gastrosuis sp. nov. colonizing the stomach of pigs.
In Vitro Antifungal Susceptibility of Neoscytalidium dimidiatum Clinical Isolates from Malaysia.
An Inducible Operon Is Involved in Inulin Utilization in Lactobacillus plantarum Strains, as Revealed by Comparative Proteogenomics and Metabolic Profiling.
Immunogenic Properties of Lactobacillus plantarum Producing Surface-Displayed Mycobacterium tuberculosis Antigens.
Quality filtering of Illumina index reads mitigates sample cross-talk.
Complete Genome Sequence of Klebsiella oxytoca Strain JKo3.
Draft Genome Sequence of a Hospital-Associated Clone of Klebsiella pneumoniae ST340/CC258 Coproducing RmtG and KPC-2 Isolated from a Pediatric Patient.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis drug-resistance testing: challenges, recent developments and perspectives.
Non-toxic perfringolysin O and alpha-toxin derivatives as potential vaccine candidates against bovine necrohaemorrhagic enteritis.
Teicoplanin-based antimicrobial therapy in Staphylococcus aureus bone and joint infection: tolerance, efficacy and experience with subcutaneous administration.
Counterselection employing mutated pheS for markerless genetic deletion in Bacteroides species.
Evaluation and validity of a polymerase chain reaction-based open reading frame typing method to dissect the molecular epidemiology for Acinetobacter baumannii in an epidemiologic study of a hospital outbreak.
A joint, multilateral approach to improve compliance with hand hygiene in 4 countries within the Baltic region using the World Health Organization \' s SAVE LIVES: Clean Your Hands model.
Growth inhibition of cytosolic Salmonella by caspase-1 and caspase-11 precedes host cell death.
Correspondence.
Lack of evidence for Helicobacter pylori to prevent children growth efficiently.
Comment on "Lack of Association Found between Helicobacter pylori Infection and Diarrhea-Predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome: A Multicenter Retrospective Study".
Identification of Molds by Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption Ionization-Time of Flight Mass Spectrometry.
High-risk regions and outbreak modelling of tularemia in humans.
TBK1 directs WIPI2 against Salmonella.
Electroporation-mediated delivery of the FER gene in the resolution of trauma-related fatal pneumonia.
Long-Term Effect of Erythritol on Dental Caries Development during Childhood: A Posttreatment Survival Analysis.
Reference intervals for biochemical blood variables, packed cell volume, and body temperature in pet rats (Rattus norvegicus) using point-of-care testing.
Mycobacterium smegmatis is a suitable cell factory for the production of steroidic synthons.
Selvamicin, an atypical antifungal polyene from two alternative genomic contexts.
Significant Correlation Between the Infant Gut Microbiome and Rotavirus Vaccine Response in Rural Ghana.
Prevalence of ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae isolated from blood cultures in Mali.
Stabilization of the Virulence Plasmid pSLT of Salmonella Typhimurium by Three Maintenance Systems and Its Evaluation by Using a New Stability Test.
Prevalence of Virulence-Related Determinants in Clinical Isolates of Staphylococcus epidermidis.
IMG/VR: a database of cultured and uncultured DNA Viruses and retroviruses.
pH Alkalinization by Chloroquine Suppresses Pathogenic Burkholderia Type 6 Secretion System 1 and Multinucleated Giant Cells.
Call for Original Research Papers for a Special Collection in Journal of Bacteriology: Two-Component Signal Transduction.
SecA-a New Twist in the Tale.
Selection of Resistance to Clarithromycin in Mycobacterium abscessus Subspecies.
A Novel erm(44) Gene Variant from a Human Staphylococcus saprophyticus Isolate Confers Resistance to Macrolides and Lincosamides but Not Streptogramins.
Insights into host-pathogen interactions from state-of-the-art animal models of respiratory Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections.
Spread and exchange of bla NDM-1 in hospitalized neonates: role of mobilizable genetic elements.
Comparative genomics of Paracoccus sp. SM22M-07 isolated from coral mucus: insights into bacteria-host interactions.
Differential Infection Patterns and Recent Evolutionary Origins of Equine Hepaciviruses in Donkeys.
Mechanism of Gene Regulation by a Staphylococcus aureus Toxin.
Complete Genome Sequences of Three Important Methicillin-Resistant Clinical Isolates of Staphylococcus pseudintermedius.
Complete Genome Sequence of Streptococcus pyogenes Strain JMUB1235 Isolated from an Acute Phlegmonous Gastritis Patient.
ESBL/AmpC-producing Enterobacteriaceae in households with children of preschool age: prevalence, risk factors and co-carriage.
A proteomic atlas of the legume Medicago truncatula and its nitrogen-fixing endosymbiont Sinorhizobium meliloti.
The Type III Secretion System Effector SeoC of Salmonella enterica subsp. salamae and S. enterica subsp. arizonae ADP-Ribosylates Src and Inhibits Opsonophagocytosis.
Calcineurin Orchestrates Lateral Transfer of Aspergillus fumigatus during Macrophage Cell Death.
Take a Trip Through the Plant and Fungal Transportome of Mycorrhiza.
Comparative genomics of Bacillus anthracis from the wool industry highlights polymorphisms of lineage A.Br.Vollum.
Bilateral parotitis in a patient under continuous positive airway pressure treatment.
Salmonella enterica serovar Gallinarum: addressing fundamental questions in bacteriology sixty years on from the 9R vaccine.
Introduction and persistence of tularemia in Bulgaria.
The Salmonella Effector SpvD Is a Cysteine Hydrolase with a Serovar-specific Polymorphism Influencing Catalytic Activity, Suppression of Immune Responses, and Bacterial Virulence.
Eikenella corrodens bone and hip joint infection. A case report and literature review.
DNA sequencing confirms PCR-RFLP identification of wild caught Larroussius sand flies from Crete and Cyprus.
Understanding the determinants of myopic choroidal neovascularization and response to treatment.
Impulse Oscillometry and Spirometry Small-Airway Parameters in Mild to Moderate Bronchiectasis.
Barks Essential Oil, Secondary Metabolites and Biological Activities of Four Organs of Tunisian Calligonum azel Maire.
Role in proinflammatory response of YghJ, a secreted metalloprotease from neonatal septicemic Escherichia coli.
Probiotics as beneficial microbes in aquaculture: an update on their multiple modes of action: a review.
Illustrating microorganisms: Sir William Watson Cheyne (1852-1932) and bacteriology.
[Bilateral parotitis in a patient under continuous positive airway pressure treatment].
Detection and Characterization of the Emerging Relapsing Fever Pathogen, Borrelia miyamotoi, from the Ixodes ricinus Tick in the Rural Trakya (Thrace) Region of Northwestern Turkey.
Bacteriological and molecular studies of Clostridium perfringens infections in newly born calves.
Multiple-locus variable-number tandem repeat analysis (MLVA) for genotyping of Salmonella enterica subspecies enterica serotype Infantis isolated from human sources.
Distribution of virulence genes and genotyping of CTX-M-15-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae isolated from patients with community-acquired urinary tract infection (CA-UTI).
The fungal cultivar of leaf-cutter ants produces specific enzymes in response to different plant substrates.
The Paracoccus denitrificans NarK-like nitrate and nitrite transporters-probing nitrate uptake and nitrate/nitrite exchange mechanisms.
Characterisation of a new, highly effective method for detecting nematode eggs (Ascaris spp., Toxocara spp., Trichuris spp.) in sewage sludge containing flocculants.
The YfcO fimbriae gene enhances adherence and colonization abilities of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli in vivo and in vitro.
Evaluation of nitric oxide production and proliferation activity of recombinant Bacterioferritin of Helicobacter pylori on macrophages.
Seroprevalence of Sandfly-Borne Phleboviruses Belonging to Three Serocomplexes (Sandfly fever Naples, Sandfly fever Sicilian and Salehabad) in Dogs from Greece and Cyprus Using Neutralization Test.
Thoracic aortic rupture in horses.
Pentraxins in the activation and regulation of innate immunity.
The uronic acid content of coccolith-associated polysaccharides provides insight into coccolithogenesis and past climate.
Multi-drug-resistant Acinetobacter calcoaceticus-Acinetobacter baumannii complex infection outbreak in dogs and cats in a veterinary hospital.
Cryptosporidium infections in Sweden-understanding the regional differences in reported incidence.
Biology and evolution of arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis in the light of genomics.
Legionellosis in Poland in 2014
Clinical metagenomic analysis of bacterial communities in breast abscesses of granulomatous mastitis.
Effectiveness of weekly polymerase chain reaction-based open reading frame typing analysis of all newly isolated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strains for controlling nosocomial infections.
Bacterial Abscess Formation Is Controlled by the Stringent Stress Response and Can Be Targeted Therapeutically.
A unique PE_PGRS protein inhibiting host cell cytosolic defenses and sustaining full virulence of Mycobacterium marinum in multiple hosts.
RNA Aptamer That Specifically Binds to Mycolactone and Serves as a Diagnostic Tool for Diagnosis of Buruli Ulcer.
Staphylococcus aureus inactivates daptomycin by releasing membrane phospholipids.
The human laryngeal microbiome: effects of cigarette smoke and reflux.
gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase is an endogenous activator of Toll-like receptor 4-mediated osteoclastogenesis.
Feral pigeons: A reservoir of zoonotic Salmonella Enteritidis strains?
Comparative genomics and physiology of the butyrate-producing bacterium Intestinimonas butyriciproducens.
Effect of 10-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine on nasopharyngeal carriage of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae among children in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Triclosan loaded electrospun nanofibers based on a cyclodextrin polymer and chitosan polyelectrolyte complex.
PLGA nano/micro particles encapsulated with pertussis toxoid (PTd) enhances Th1/Th17 immune response in a murine model.
Evaluation of the anti-diarrheal activity of the hydromethanolic root extract of Rhus tripartita (Ucria) (Anacardiacae).
Two cases of non-prosthetic bone and joint infection due to Propionibacterium acnes.
BACTERIOLOGICAL EXAMINATION OF THE ABDOMINAL EFFUSION IN BACTERIAL PERITONITIS.
Sensitivity of Direct Culture, Enrichment and PCR for Detection of Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli in Broiler Flocks at Slaughter.
Classic Spotlight: Journal of Bacteriology Minireviews Illuminate Bacterial Translocation Systems.
Classic Spotlight: Genetics of Escherichia coli Chemotaxis.
New insights into Nod factor biosynthesis: Analyses of chitooligomers and lipo-chitooligomers of Rhizobium sp. IRBG74 mutants.
Transposition mechanism, molecular characterization and evolution of IS6110, the specific evolutionary marker of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex.
Lactobacillus bacteremia: Pathogen or prognostic marker?
How to treat a fulminant erysipelas and sepsis caused by Myroides odoratimimus: case report and literature review.
Immunological, anti-angiogenic and clinical effects of intratumoral interleukin 12 electrogene therapy combined with metronomic cyclophosphamide in dogs with spontaneous cancer: A pilot study.
First international external quality assessment for hepatitis delta virus RNA quantification in plasma.
Sugar Coating the Envelope: Glycoconjugates for Microbe-Host Crosstalk.
De novo synthesis and functional analysis of the phosphatase-encoding gene acI-B of uncultured Actinobacteria from Lake Stechlin (NE Germany).
The Ever Increasing Reservoirs of Infection in the Health Care Environment - Time for a Sixth Moment of Hygiene.
A 10-day vacancy period after cleaning and disinfection has no effect on the bacterial load in pig nursery units.
p-Cresyl sulfate affects the oxidative burst, phagocytosis process, and antigen presentation of monocyte-derived macrophages.
Novel Mutation of ZAP-70-related Combined Immunodeficiency: First Case from the National Iranian Registry and Review of the Literature.
Responding to the syphilis outbreak in Japan: piloting a questionnaire to evaluate potential risk factors for incident syphilis infection among men who have sex with men in Tokyo, Japan, 2015.
Imipenem heteroresistance in nontypeable Haemophilus influenzae is linked to a combination of altered PBP3, slow drug influx and direct efflux regulation.
Automated teller machines (ATMs) and pedestrian crossing controls adjacent to major university teaching hospitals exhibit an exclusively Gram-positive flora.
Helicobacter suis affects the health and function of porcine gastric parietal cells.
Similar trends of susceptibility in Anopheles arabiensis and Anopheles pharoensis to Plasmodium vivax infection in Ethiopia.
Integrins are not essential for entry of coxsackievirus A9 into SW480 human colon adenocarcinoma cells.
Bartholinitis due to Aggregatibacter aphrophilus: a case report.
Gold Nanorods as Drug Delivery Vehicles for Rifampicin Greatly Improve the Efficacy of Combating Mycobacterium tuberculosis with Good Biocompatibility with the Host Cells.
Survey of Household Contacts of Infants With Laboratory-confirmed Pertussis Infection During a National Pertussis Outbreak in England and Wales.
Seroprevalence of Brucella spp. in Cattle, Molecular Characterization in Milk, and the Analysis of Associated Risk Factors with Seroprevalence in Humans, Egypt.
