Estimating and accounting for genotyping errors in RAD-seq experiments.
Morphology and molecular phylogeny of a new marine, sand-dwelling dinoflagellate genus, Pachena (Dinophyceae), with descriptions of three new species.
OsMYB80 regulates anther development and pollen fertility by targeting multiple biological pathways.
Salt-tolerant and -sensitive seedlings exhibit noteworthy differences in lipolytic events in response to salt stress.
Natural and grafted cyclotides in cancer therapy: An insight.
Defining the biosynthesis of ketocarotenoids in Chromochloris zofingiensis.
Genome-wide identification and characterization of the lateral organ boundaries domain gene family in Brassica rapa var. rapa.
Impacts of CO2 elevation on the physiology and seed quality of soybean.
ROS and oxidative burst: Roots in plant development.
Crop wild relatives of Kazakhstani Tien Shan: Flora, vegetation, resources.
Genetic characterization of the entire range of Cycas panzhihuaensis (Cycadaceae).
Babylonia spirata (Linnaeus, 1758) on biochemical and nutritional composition levels are altered by Aeromonas hydrophila infection.
Identification of a novel 1,2 oxazine that can induce apoptosis by targeting NF-kappaB in hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
A signal cascade originated from epidermis defines apical-basal patterning of Arabidopsis shoot apical meristems.
Draft Genome Sequence and Annotation of Paracoccus versutus MAL 1HM19, a Nitrate-Reducing, Sulfide-Oxidizing Bacterium.
Identification of tissue-specific and cold-responsive lncRNAs in Medicago truncatula by high-throughput RNA sequencing.
Taraxacum officinale Wigg. Attenuates Inflammatory Responses in Murine Microglia through the Nrf2/HO-1 and NF-kappaB Signaling Pathways.
Assessment of Antioxidants in Selected Plant Rootstocks.
Explaining Intricate Morphometric Variability with Environmental Predictors: The Case of Globularia cordifolia Species Complex.
Exogenous vanillic acid enhances salt tolerance of tomato: Insight into plant antioxidant defense and glyoxalase systems.
Response of rice genotypes with differential nitrate reductase-dependent NO synthesis to melatonin under ZnO nanoparticles \'  (NPs) stress.
Polyploidy in gymnosperms - Insights into the genomic and evolutionary consequences of polyploidy in Ephedra.
Phylogenetic relationships and chloroplast capture in the Amelanchier-Malacomeles-Peraphyllum clade (Maleae, Rosaceae): evidence from chloroplast genome and nuclear ribosomal DNA data using genome skimming.
Chitosan guar nanoparticle preparation and its in vitro antimicrobial activity towards phytopathogens of rice.
Let \' s shine a light on fungal infections: A noninvasive imaging toolbox.
Perspectives on monoclonal antibody therapy as potential therapeutic intervention for Coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19).
Focusing on the brighter side of Sevoflurane: Realizing true potential of an anesthetic agent as a regulator of cell signaling pathways and microRNAs in different cancers.
Pollen morphological investigations of family Cactaceae and its taxonomic implication by light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy.
Home-field advantage of litter decomposition differs between leaves and fine roots.
Dimeric Pimprinine Alkaloids From Soil-Derived Streptomyces sp. NEAU-C99.
Heat Acclimation and Inhibition of Cytokinin Degradation Positively Affect Heat Stress Tolerance of Arabidopsis.
Asynchronous carbon sink saturation in African and Amazonian tropical forests.
Egalitarian mixed-species bird groups enhance winter survival of subordinate group members but only in high-quality forests.
Trade-offs between multifunctionality and profit in tropical smallholder landscapes.
Spontaneous adenocarcinoma of the gas gland in Nothobranchius fishes.
Global Organization and Proposed Megataxonomy of the Virus World.
Transcriptional repression specifies the central cell for double fertilization.
Berries, greens, and medicinal herbs-mapping and assessing wild plants as an ecosystem service in Transylvania (Romania).
Rapid Auxin-Mediated Cell Expansion.
Artificial Erythrina Alkaloids from Three Erythrina Plants, E. variegata, E. crista-galli and E. arborescens.
Unexpected diversity and evolutionary lability in root architectural ecomorphs in the rushes of the hyperdiverse Cape flora.
Evaluation of growth and nutritional value of Brassica microgreens grown under red, blue and green LEDs combinations.
Impact of Long-Term Copper Exposure on Growth, Photosynthesis, Antioxidant Defence System and Artemisinin Biosynthesis in Soil-Grown Artemisia annua Genotypes.
Exploring the ethnomycological potential of Lentinus squarrosulus Mont. through GC-MS and chemoinformatics tools.
Genome-wide annotation, comparison and functional genomics of carbohydrate-active enzymes in legumes infecting Fusarium oxysporum formae speciales.
Changes in levels of enzymes and osmotic adjustment compounds in key species and their relevance to vegetation succession in abandoned croplands of a semiarid sandy region.
Evidence of ecological niche shift in Rhododendron ponticum (L.) in Britain: Hybridization as a possible cause of rapid niche expansion.
Steep topography buffers threatened gymnosperm species against anthropogenic pressures in China.
A novel bivalent Pasteurellosis-RHD vaccine candidate adjuvanted with Montanide ISA70 protects rabbits from lethal challenge.
Novel marine Nocardiopsis dassonvillei-DS013 mediated silver nanoparticles characterization and its bactericidal potential against clinical isolates.
Isolation, purification and characterization of naturally derived Crocetin beta-d-glucosyl ester from Crocus sativus L. against breast cancer and its binding chemistry with ER-alpha/HDAC2.
Biological control of yeast contamination of industrial foods by propolis.
Evaluation of antidiabetic activity of Pleurotus pulmonarius against streptozotocin-nicotinamide induced diabetic wistar albino rats.
Effect of traditionally used herb Pedalium murex L. and its active compound pedalitin on urease expression - For the management of kidney stone.
Development of Microsatellite Markers for a Dioecious Herpetospermum pedunculosum (Cucurbitaceae).
Expanded inverted repeat region with large scale inversion in the first complete plastid genome sequence of Plantago ovata.
Harnessing the Phytotherapeutic Treasure Troves of the Ancient Medicinal Plant Azadirachta indica (Neem) and Associated Endophytic Microorganisms.
Genome-wide analyses reveals a glucosyltransferase involved in rutin and emodin glucoside biosynthesis in tartary buckwheat.
Sustainable approach to almond skin mediated synthesis of tunable selenium microstructures for coating cotton fabric to impart specific antibacterial activity.
Functional adaptation rather than ecogeographical rules determine body-size metrics along a thermal cline with elevation in the Chinese pygmy dormouse (Typhlomys cinereus).
Global assessment of relationships between climate and tree growth.
Conventional detection and quantification real-time PCR of the pks-1 gene of Chaetomium globosum.
A study on the seasonal transfer of two metals from pasture to animals: health risk assessment.
Development of polymorphic EST-SSR markers and their applicability in genetic diversity evaluation in Rhododendron arboreum.
Directed species loss reduces community productivity in a subtropical forest biodiversity experiment.
Adaptive fitness of Sapindus emarginatus Vahl populations towards future climatic regimes and the limiting factors of its distribution.
Evaluation of anti-inflammatory and wound healing potential of tannins isolated from leaf callus cultures of Achyranthes aspera and Ocimum basilicum.
Hypolipidemic potential of sterol containing fractions of Jolyna laminarioides: a brown alga.
Evaluation of genetic variation, antioxidant and antibacterial activities of two Sidr varieties in Medina.
Antimicrobial activity of different solvent extracted samples from the leaves and fruits of Capsicum annuum.
Pretreatment with KOH and KOH-urea enhanced hydrolysis of alpha-chitin by an endo-chitinase from Enterobacter cloacae subsp. cloacae.
Bradyrhizobium ivorense sp. nov. as a potential local bioinoculant for Cajanus cajan cultures in Cote d \' Ivoire.
Erratum: Amazoninema gen. nov., (Synechococcales, Pseudanabaenaceae) a novel cyanobacteria genus from Brazilian Amazonian rivers.
Evolution of metabolic capabilities and molecular features of diplonemids, kinetoplastids, and euglenids.
Shedding the Last Layer: Mechanisms of Root Cap Cell Release.
Isatis tinctoria L. (Woad): A Review of its Botany, Ethnobotanical Uses, Phytochemistry, Biological Activities, and Biotechnological Studies.
Rhizophagus irregularis and Rhizoctonia solani Differentially Elicit Systemic Transcriptional Expression of Polyphenol Biosynthetic Pathways Genes in Sunflower.
Combined Effect of Light and Nutrients on the Micromorphology of the White rot Fungus Cerrena Unicolor.
Correction: Iqbal, S. et al. Empirical Modeling of Zn/ZnO Nanoparticles Decorated/Conjugated with Fotolon (Chlorine e6) Based Photodynamic Therapy towards Liver Cancer Treatment. Micromachines, 2019, 10, 60.
Triterpene Acids of Loquat Leaf Improve Inflammation in Cigarette Smoking Induced COPD by Regulating AMPK/Nrf2 and NFkappaB Pathways.
Effective Inhibition of Candidiasis Using an Eco-Friendly Leaf Extract of Calotropis-gigantean-Mediated Silver Nanoparticles.
Interactive Effect of Melatonin and UV-C on Phenylpropanoid Metabolite Production and Antioxidant Potential in Callus Cultures of Purple Basil (Ocimum basilicum L. var.s purpurascens).
Allies or Enemies: The Role of Reactive Oxygen Species in Developmental Processes of Black Cottonwood (Populus trichocarpa).
Novel Imaging Modalities Shedding Light on Plant Biology: Start Small and Grow Big.
Clitopilus, Clitocella, and Clitopilopsis in China.
Foliar micromorphology and its role in identification of the Apocynaceae taxa.
Fine Mapping of Lr49 Using 90K SNP Chip Array and Flow-Sorted Chromosome Sequencing in Wheat.
A Phylogenomic Perspective on Evolution and Discordance in the Alpine-Arctic Plant Clade Micranthes (Saxifragaceae).
The Ecophysiological Response of Two Invasive Submerged Plants to Light and Nitrogen.
Eriobotrya Belongs to Rhaphiolepis (Maleae, Rosaceae): Evidence From Chloroplast Genome and Nuclear Ribosomal DNA Data.
Silicon Confers Soybean Resistance to Salinity Stress Through Regulation of Reactive Oxygen and Reactive Nitrogen Species.
Community Composition, Antifungal Activity and Chemical Analyses of Ant-Derived Actinobacteria.
Agricultural Selection of Wheat Has Been Shaped by Plant-Microbe Interactions.
Phenolic Profile and Bioactivities of Sideritis perfoliata L.: The Plant, Its Most Active Extract, and Its Broad Biological Properties.
Ethnopharmacological Applications Targeting Alcohol Abuse: Overview and Outlook.
The diversity and distribution of endophytes across biomes, plant phylogeny, and host tissues-how far have we come and where do we go from here?
An amalgam of pathogenic and beneficial endophytic fungi colonizing four Dendrobium species from Meghalaya, India.
Characterization of a PLDzeta2 Homology Gene from Developing Castor Bean Endosperm.
Genetic relationships and polyploid origins in the Lippia alba complex.
Laundry Detergent Compatibility and Dehairing Efficiency of Alkaline Thermostable Protease Produced from Aspergillus terreus under Solid-state Fermentation.
A Flow Injection Chemiluminescence Method for the Determination of Retinol in Pharmaceutical Formulations by Using Luminol-Diperiodatoargentate(III) Reaction.
Fitness consequences of the combined effects of veterinary and agricultural pesticides on a non-target insect.
On the morphology and evolution of cicadomorphan tymbal organs.
Pollen germination is impaired by disruption of a Shaker K+ channel OsAKT1.2 in rice.
Negative effects of the simulated nitrogen deposition on plant phenolic metabolism: A meta-analysis.
Effects of titanium dioxide nanoparticles on leaf cell structure and viability, and leaf elongation in the seagrass Halophila stipulacea.
Biocomposites of polypyrrole, polyaniline and sodium alginate with cellulosic biomass: Adsorption-desorption, kinetics and thermodynamic studies for the removal of 2,4-dichlorophenol.
Isorugosiformins A-F, six ent-kaurane diterpenoids from Isodon rugosiformis.
Simultaneous secretion of seven lignocellulolytic enzymes by an industrial second-generation yeast strain enables efficient ethanol production from multiple polymeric substrates.
Unusual glycosidic labdane diterpenoids with cytotoxicity from the root of Phlomoides betonicoides.
Herbarium records indicate variation in bloom-time sensitivity to temperature across a geographically diverse region.
Characterization of Induced High Yielding Cowpea Mutant Lines Using Physiological, Biochemical and Molecular Markers.
Adventitious shoot organogenesis from leaf explants of Portulaca pilosa L.
Stem rust resistance in wheat is suppressed by a subunit of the mediator complex.
Highly Substituted Phenol Derivatives with Nitric Oxide Inhibitory Activities from the Deep-Sea-Derived Fungus Trichobotrys effuse FS524.
A TMT-Based Quantitative Proteome Analysis to Elucidate the TSWV Induced Signaling Cascade in Susceptible and Resistant Cultivars of Solanum lycopersicum.
A fishing expedition to discover the pollinators of several subtropical Apocynaceae.
Microsatellite markers for Anthericum ramosum: Development, characterization, and cross-species amplification.
Development and characterization of novel SSR markers in the endangered endemic species Ferula sadleriana.
Mapping Atlantic rainforest degradation and regeneration history with indicator species using convolutional network.
Deepened winter snow cover enhances net ecosystem exchange and stabilizes plant community composition and productivity in a temperate grassland.
Accumulation of heavy metals in a macrophyte Phragmites australis: implications to phytoremediation in the Arabian Peninsula wadis.
The transcription factor VaNAC17 from grapevine (Vitis amurensis) enhances drought tolerance by modulating jasmonic acid biosynthesis in transgenic Arabidopsis.
Desiccation tolerance in streptophyte algae and the algae to land plant transition: Evolution of LEA and MIP protein families within the Viridiplantae.
Sonochemical synthesis of novel thermo-responsive polymer and tungsten dioxide composite for the temperature-controlled reversible "on-off" electrochemical detection of beta-Blocker metoprolol.
Pathways to sex determination in plants: how many roads lead to Rome?
The discovery, design and synthesis of potent agonists of adenylyl cyclase type 2 by virtual screening combining biological evaluation.
Wormcasts produced by three earthworm species (Alma millsoni, Eudrilus eugeniae and Libyodrilus violaceus) exposed to a glyphosate-based herbicide reduce growth, fruit yield and quality of tomato (Lycopersicon esculentum).
Root Rot of Juniperus and Microbiota by Phytophthora lateralis in Oregon Horticultural Nurseries.
Real-Time Quantitative and Ion-Metal Indicator LAMP-Based Assays for Rapid Detection of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
Linosporopsis, a new leaf-inhabiting scolecosporous genus in Xylariaceae.
Host factors influence the sex of nematodes parasitizing roots of Arabidopsis thaliana.
A Novel Mechanism Underlying Multi-walled Carbon Nanotube-Triggered Tomato Lateral Root Formation: the Involvement of Nitric Oxide.
Graphene quantum dots as cysteine protease nanocarriers against stored grain insect pests.
Green Synthesis of Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles Using Aqueous Extract of Deverra tortuosa and their Cytotoxic Activities.
Endogenous levels of cytokinins, indole-3-acetic acid and abscisic acid in in vitro grown potato: A contribution to potato hormonomics.
Bacterial nanocellulose from agro-industrial wastes: low-cost and enhanced production by Komagataeibacter saccharivorans MD1.
An ethnobotanical survey of wild edible plants used by the Yi people of Liangshan Prefecture, Sichuan Province, China.
Biotransformations, antioxidant system responses and histopathological indexes in the liver of fish exposed to cyanobacterial extract.
SEEDSTICK Controls Arabidopsis Fruit Size by Regulating Cytokinin Levels and FRUITFULL.
Environmental factors and microbial diversity and abundance jointly regulate soil nitrogen and carbon biogeochemical processes in Tibetan wetlands.
Pectobacterium parvum sp. nov., having a Salmonella SPI-1-like Type III secretion system and low virulence.
Phosphorus alleviation of nitrogen-suppressed methane sink in global grasslands.
Timing of fungal spore release dictates survival during atmospheric transport.
Actin Is Required for Cellular Development and Virulence of Botrytis cinerea via the Mediation of Secretory Proteins.
Use of Nitric Oxide and Hydrogen Peroxide for Better Yield of Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) under Water Deficit Conditions: Growth, Osmoregulation, and Antioxidative Defense Mechanism.
Emergence of Novel Coronavirus 2019-nCoV: Need for Rapid Vaccine and Biologics Development.
The Analysis of the Editing Defects in the dyw2 Mutant Provides New Clues for the Prediction of RNA Targets of Arabidopsis E+-Class PPR Proteins.
Buxus alkaloid compound destabilizes mutant p53 through inhibition of the HSF1 chaperone axis.
Mangroves give cause for conservation optimism, for now.
Phenotyping: New Windows into the Plant for Breeders.
Evaluation of the three methods of bacterial decontamination on implants with three different surfaces.
Spatial networks differ when food supply changes: Foraging strategy of Egyptian fruit bats.
Monitoring Plant Health with Near Infrared Fluorescent H2O2 Nanosensors.
Effect of Colloidal Metal Nanoparticles on Biomass, Polysaccharides, Flavonoids, and Melanin Accumulation in Medicinal Mushroom Inonotus obliquus (Ach.:Pers.) Pilat.
The critical function of the plastid rRNA methyltransferase, CMAL, in ribosome biogenesis and plant development.
Asymmetrical canina meiosis is accompanied by the expansion of a pericentromeric satellite in non-recombining univalent chromosomes.
Gynodioecy in the common spindle tree (Euonymus europaeus L.) involves differences in the asymmetry of corolla shapes between sexually differentiated flowers.
Two new species of Dendrophthora (Viscaceae) from the Venezuelan Andes.
Dilochia deleoniae (Orchidaceae), a new species from Mindanao, Philippines.
Hepatoprotective effect of crude polysaccharides extracted from Ganoderma lucidum against carbon tetrachloride-induced liver injury in mice.
Prickly waterlily and rigid hornwort genomes shed light on early angiosperm evolution.
Biodiversity increases multitrophic energy use efficiency, flow and storage in grasslands.
An endophyte from salt-adapted Pokkali rice confers salt-tolerance to a salt-sensitive rice variety and targets a unique pattern of genes in its new host.
The meaning of non-classical estrogen receptors and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor for boar Leydig cell of immature testis.
Bersavine: A Novel Bisbenzylisoquinoline Alkaloidwith Cytotoxic, Antiproliferative and Apoptosis-Inducing Effects on Human Leukemic Cells.
Molecular Basis of Root Nodule Symbiosis between Bradyrhizobium and  \' Crack-Entry \'  Legume Groundnut (Arachis hypogaea L.).
Antioxidant, Antiproliferative and Apoptosis-Inducing Efficacy of Fractions from Cassia fistula L. Leaves.
Controlled Release of Highly Hydrophilic Drugs from Novel Poly(Magnesium Acrylate) Matrix Tablets.
Cinnamomum verum Bark Extract Mediated Green Synthesis of ZnO Nanoparticles and Their Antibacterial Potentiality.
AUXIN RESPONSE FACTOR 1 Acts as a Positive Regulator in the Response of Poplar to Trichoderma asperellum Inoculation in Overexpressing Plants.
Ultrasonic preparation and nanosheets supported binary metal oxide nanocomposite for the effective application towards the electrochemical sensor.
Seasonal fluxes and sources apportionment of dissolved inorganic nitrogen wet deposition at different land-use sites in the Three Gorges reservoir area.
Population Diversity and Structure of Podosphaera macularis in the Pacific Northwestern U.S. and Other Populations.
The genus Turbinaria: chemical and pharmacological diversity.
Seasonal senescence of leaves and roots of Populus trichocarpa-is the scenario the same or different?
Fungal endophytes promote the accumulation of Amaryllidaceae alkaloids in Lycoris radiata.
Real-time cell analysis system in cytotoxicity applications: Usefulness and comparison with tetrazolium salt assays.
Characterization and genetic diversity of phytoplasmas associated with elephant foot yam (Amorphophallus paeoniifolius) in India.
Typification of 23 names in Eriobotrya (Maleae, Rosaceae).
Discovery of isopenicin A, a meroterpenoid as a novel inhibitor of tubulin polymerization.
Vasorelaxant 4,5-seco-abietane diterpenoids with diverse 6/6/6, 6/6/7, and 6/6/8 architectures from Salvia prattii Hemsl.
Garlic and onions: An eastern tale.
Rodents as intermediate hosts of cestode parasites of mammalian carnivores and birds of prey in Poland, with the first data on the life-cycle of Mesocestoides melesi.
Advanced Strategies for Production of Natural Products in Yeast.
Beneficial effects of intermittent feedstock management on biogas and methane production.
Assessment of ZnO-NPs toxicity in maize: An integrative microRNAomic approach.
Alkaloid and iridoid glucosides from Palicourea luxurians (Rubiaceae: Palicoureeae) indicate tryptamine- and tryptophan-iridoid alkaloid formation apart the strictosidine pathway.
HY5-HDA9 Module Transcriptionally Regulates Plant Autophagy in Response to Light-to-dark Conversion and Nitrogen Starvation.
Callistemon citrinus bioactive metabolites as new inhibitors of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus biofilm formation.
Neofoleyellides boerewors n. gen. n. sp. (Nematoda: Onchocercidae) parasitising common toads and mosquito vectors: morphology, life history, experimental transmission and host-vector interaction in situ.
Modular synthesis of nonadecasaccharide motif from Psidium guajava polysaccharides with potent antidiabetic activity through orthogonal one-pot glycosylation strategy.
Non-Carbon Loss Long-Term Continuous Lactic Acid Production from Mixed Sugars using Thermophilic Enterococcus faecium QU 50.
Fungal evolution in anthropogenic environments: Botrytis cinerea populations infecting small fruit hosts in the Pacific Northwest rapidly adapt to human-induced selection pressures.
An in vitro pipeline to screen and select citrus-associated microbiota with potential anti-Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus properties.
Quantitative analysis of cerebellar morphology in monotreme, metatherian and eutherian mammals.
Responses of a semi-natural grassland community of tropical region to elevated ozone: An assessment of soil dynamics and biomass accumulation.
Cocoa Flavonoids Reduce Inflammation and Oxidative Stress in a Myocardial Ischemia-Reperfusion Experimental Model.
Chemical Composition of Aerial Parts Essential Oils from Six Endemic Malagasy Helichrysum Species.
Systemin-mediated long-distance systemic defense responses.
Phytochemical composition and antioxidant activity of coconut cotyledon.
Cyanobacteria as a source of biofertilizers for sustainable agriculture.
Impacts of Root Metabolites on Soil Nematodes.
Antimicrobial and Immunomodulatory Effect of Gum Arabic on Human and Bovine Granulocytes Against Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli.
Exploring the Anti-Acne Potential of Impepho [Helichrysum odoratissimum (L.) Sweet] to Combat Cutibacterium acnes Virulence.
Global distribution patterns and niche modelling of the invasive Kalanchoe x houghtonii (Crassulaceae).
Kinetin establish the volatile chemical profile after rhizome dormancy is released in Curcuma zedoaria (Christm.) Roscoe.
Prediction models based on soil properties for evaluating the heavy metal uptake into Hordeum vulgare L. grown in agricultural soils amended with different rates of sewage sludge.
Intraspecific variability drives functional changes in lichen epiphytic communities across Europe.
Production, extraction and characterization of Chlorella vulgaris soluble polysaccharides and their applications in AgNPs biosynthesis and biostimulation of plant growth.
Complementary molecular methods reveal comprehensive phylogenetic diversity integrating inconspicuous lineages of early-diverged wood-decaying mushrooms.
Efficacy and safety of ucha-shinki-hwan on korean patients with cold hypersensitivity in the hands and feet: Study protocol clinical trial (SPIRIT Compliant).
Jute: A Potential Candidate for Phytoremediation of Metals-A Review.
Selenium and Zinc Biofortification of Pleurotus eryngii Mycelium and Fruiting Bodies as a Tool for Controlling Their Biological Activity.
Rhizosphere Bacterial Community Structure and Predicted Functional Analysis in the Water-Level Fluctuation Zone of the Danjiangkou Reservoir in China During the Dry Period.
Antimicrobial Efficacy of Different Decontamination Methods as Tested on Dental Implants with Various Types of Surfaces.
An alternative pathway to the formation of trans-cinnamic acid derived from L-phenylalanine in tea (Camellia sinensis) plants and other plants.
The effect of plant compartments on the Broussonetia papyrifera-associated fungal and bacterial communities.
Pigments of the Moss Paraleucobryum longifolium: Isolation and Structure Elucidation of Prenyl-Substituted 8,8 \' -Linked 9,10-Phenanthrenequinone Dimers.
Mangrove health along the hyper-arid southern Red Sea coast of Saudi Arabia.
Seed mass, hardness, and phylogeny explain the potential for endozoochory by granivorous waterbirds.
Contrasting responses to climate change at Himalayan treelines revealed by population demographics of two dominant species.
Competition among native and invasive Phragmites australis populations: An experimental test of the effects of invasion status, genome size, and ploidy level.
Geological and Climatic Factors Affect the Population Genetic Connectivity in Mirabilis himalaica (Nyctaginaceae): Insight From Phylogeography and Dispersal Corridors in the Himalaya-Hengduan Biodiversity Hotspot.
In Vitro Anti-Inflammatory, Anticancer (MCF-7, 3T3, and HeLa Cell Lines), and Brine Shrimp Lethality Assay and FTIR Analysis of the Extract and Fractions of the Whole Plant of Heliotropium europaeum.
The genus Catathelasma (Catathelasmataceae, Basidiomycota) in China.
Mitochondrial and Innate Immunity Transcriptomes from Spodoptera frugiperda Larvae Infected with the Spodoptera frugiperda ascovirus.
Overexpression of Grapevine VvIAA18 Gene Enhanced Salt Tolerance in Tobacco.
Development of an In Vitro Propagation Protocol and a Sequence Characterized Amplified Region (SCAR) Marker of Viola serpens Wall. ex Ging.
Different MicroRNA Families Involved in Regulating High Temperature Stress Response during Cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.) Anther Development.
Increasing the species diversity in the Aspergillus section Nidulantes: Six novel species mainly from the indoor environment.
Host affinity of endophytic fungi and the potential for reciprocal interactions involving host secondary chemistry.
Phytohormone profiles are strongly altered during induction and symptom development of the physiological ripening disorder berry shrivel in grapevine.
Resequencing 93 accessions of coffee unveils independent and parallel selection during Coffea species divergence.
The efficacy of honey and a Thai Herbal Oil preparation in the treatment of pressure ulcers based on Thai traditional medicine wound diagnosis versus standard practice: An open-label randomized controlled trial.
Hippophae rhamnoides berry related Pichia kudriavzevii yeast volatiles modify behaviour of Rhagoletis batava flies.
Assessment of nosocomial bacterial contamination in dental unit waterlines: Impact of flushing.
Ecotoxicological effects of microplastics and cadmium on the earthworm Eisenia foetida.
Quantifying the social and economic benefits of the biological control of invasive alien plants in natural ecosystems.
Phytochemical and comparative transcriptome analyses reveal different regulatory mechanisms in the terpenoid biosynthesis pathways between Matricaria recutita L. and Chamaemelum nobile L.
Essential Oil Yield and Composition of the Balkan Endemic Satureja pilosa Velen. (Lamiaceae).
Structure, Function, Diversity, and Composition of Fungal Communities in Rhizospheric Soil of Coptis chinensis Franch under a Successive Cropping System.
Quantitative and Qualitative Genetic Studies of Some Acacia Species Grown in Egypt.
beta-Aminobutyric Acid Pretreatment Confers Salt Stress Tolerance in Brassica napus L. by Modulating Reactive Oxygen Species Metabolism and Methylglyoxal Detoxification.
The Implication of Chemotypic Variation on the Anti-Oxidant and Anti-Cancer Activities of Sutherlandia frutescens (L.) R.Br. (Fabaceae) from Different Geographic Locations.
Rapid biodegradation of chlorpyrifos by plant growth-promoting psychrophilic Shewanella sp. BT05: An eco-friendly approach to clean up pesticide-contaminated environment.
Towards modern classification of eustigmatophytes, including the description of Neomonodaceae, fam. nov. and three new genera1.
Deciphering patterns of adaptation and acclimation in the transcriptome of Phaeocystis antarctica to changing iron conditions.
New A-homo lactam D-homo lactone androstane derivative: synthesis and evaluation of cytotoxic and anti-inflammatory activities in vitro.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of chepraecoxin A derivatives as alpha-glucosidase inhibitors.
Interplay between two spin states determines the hydroxylation catalyzed by P450 monooxygenase from Trichoderma brevicompactum.
Open Science principles for accelerating trait-based science across the Tree of Life.
Evolution of an inferior competitor increases resistance to biological invasion.
Molecular characterization of Extended-spectrum beta lactamase- producing E. coli recovered from community-acquired urinary tract infections in Upper Egypt.
Current trends in the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Cellular alteration and differential protein profile explain effects of GA3 and ABA and their inhibitor on Trichocline catharinensis (Asteraceae) seed germination.
Exploration of Plastid Phylogenomic Conflict Yields New Insights into the Deep Relationships of Leguminosae.
Comparing morphological and molecular estimates of species diversity in the freshwater genus Synura (Stramenopiles): a model for understanding diversity of eukaryotic microorganisms.
A plastid localized bona fide geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase plays a necessary role in monoterpene indole alkaloid biosynthesis in Catharanthus roseus.
Functional analysis of phospholipase Ddelta family in tobacco pollen tubes.
Daily Rhythms of Phytomelatonin Signaling Modulate Diurnal Stomatal Closure via Regulating Reactive Oxygen Species Dynamics in Arabidopsis.
Different from tracheophytes, liverworts commonly have mixed 35S and 5S arrays.
Similar factors underlie tree abundance in forests in native and alien ranges.
Drivers of bromeliad leaf and floral bract variation across a latitudinal gradient in the Atlantic Forest.
Anthropogenic pressures negatively impact genomic diversity of the vulnerable seagrass Zostera capensis.
Exploitation of ethnoecologically important wild trees by two ethnic groups in a community-based Hippopotamus Sanctuary in Northwestern Ghana.
Groundwater inhabited Bacillus and Paenibacillus strains alleviate arsenic-induced phytotoxicity of rice plant.
Prediction models for monitoring heavy-metal accumulation by wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) plants grown in sewage sludge amended soil.
Moringa oleifera Lam Seed Oil Augments Pentobarbital-Induced Sleeping Behaviors In Mice Via GABAergic Systems.
Dead Rhizophagus irregularis biomass mysteriously stimulates plant growth.
Sonochemical synthesis and fabrication of neodymium sesquioxide entrapped with graphene oxide based hierarchical nanocomposite for highly sensitive electrochemical sensor of anti-cancer (raloxifene) drug.
Tsaokopyranols A-M, 2,6-epoxydiarylheptanoids from Amomum tsao-ko and their alpha-glucosidase inhibitory activity.
Genome wide characterization of the SERK/SERL gene family in Phalaenopsis equestris, Dendrobium catenatum and Apostasia shenzhenica (Orchidaceae).
Reduced above-ground growth and wood density but increased wood chemical concentrations of Scots pine on relict charcoal hearths.
Goethite-modified biochar ameliorates the growth of rice (Oryza sativa L.) plants by suppressing Cd and As-induced oxidative stress in Cd and As co-contaminated paddy soil.
Lanostane triterpenoids with anti-inflammatory activities from Ganoderma lucidum.
T follicular helper and T follicular regulatory cells in colorectal cancer: A double-edged sword.
Plant-environment interactions from the lens of plant stress, reproduction, and mutualisms.
Half of the (big) picture is missing!
To compete or defend: linking functional trait variation with life-history tradeoffs in a foundation tree species.
Inhibition of hepatitis C virus genotype 4 replication using siRNA targeted to the viral core region and the CD81 cellular receptor.
NMR characterization and anticoagulant activity of the oligosaccharides from the fucosylated glycosaminoglycan isolated from Holothuria coluber.
PHYTOCHROME-INTERACTING FACTORS interact with the ABA receptors PYL8 and PYL9 to orchestrate ABA signaling in darkness.
Behavioral and physiological effects of Viola spp. cyclotides on Myzus persicae (Sulz.).
Silver Can Induce Oxidative Stress in Parallel to Other Chemical Elicitors to Modulate the Ripening of Chili Cultivars.
N-Acetylaspartate Is an Important Brain Osmolyte.
Chrysin-Loaded Chitosan Nanoparticles Potentiates Antibiofilm Activity against Staphylococcus aureus.
Incidence, Pathotyping, and Antibiotic Susceptibility of Avian Pathogenic Escherichia coli among Diseased Broiler Chicks.
First Report on Yield and Chemical Composition of Essential Oil Extracted from Myrcia eximia DC (Myrtaceae) from the Brazilian Amazon.
Physiological and Anatomical Mechanisms in Wheat to Cope with Salt Stress Induced by Seawater.
Green Synthesized Copper Oxide Nanoparticles Ameliorate Defence and Antioxidant Enzymes in Lens culinaris.
New microginins from cyanobacteria of Greek freshwaters.
Patterns of plant communities along vertical gradient in Dhauladhar Mountains in Lesser Himalayas in North-Western India.
Phenolic Amides with Immunomodulatory Activity from the Nonpolysaccharide Fraction of Lycium barbarum Fruits.
Silicon and plant growth promoting rhizobacteria differentially regulate AgNP-induced toxicity in Brassica juncea: Implication of nitric oxide.
Exogenous methylglyoxal enhances the reactive aldehyde detoxification capability and frost-hardiness of wheat.
Molecular cloning, characterization and expression analysis of LoTPS2 and LoTPS4 involved in floral scent formation in oriental hybrid Lilium variety  \' Siberia \' .
Rosmarinus plants: Key farm concepts towards food applications.
Induction of drought tolerance in tomato upon the application of ACC deaminase producing plant growth promoting rhizobacterium Bacillus subtilis Rhizo SF 48.
Efficient removal of dyes using carboxymethyl cellulose/alginate/polyvinyl alcohol/rice husk composite: Adsorption/desorption, kinetics and recycling studies.
Effect directed analysis and TLC screening of Schisandra chinensis fruits.
Sediment clays are trapping heavy metals in urban lakes: An indicator for severe industrial and agricultural influence on coastal wetlands at the Mediterranean coast of Egypt.
Seed dispersal and realized gene flow of two forest orchids in a fragmented landscape.
Divergence of 3 \'  ends as a driver of Short Interspersed Nuclear Element (SINE) evolution in the Salicaceae.
[A Botanist in the History of Paper: Open and Closed Cooperations in the Sciences Around 1900].
Keeping pollen tubes on track.
Evolution of self-compatibility by a mutant Sm-RNase in citrus.
Effect of Hybrid mono/bimetallic Nanocomposites for an enhancement of Catalytic and Antimicrobial Activities.
In Silico Identification of QTL-Based Polymorphic Genes as Salt-Responsive Potential Candidates through Mapping with Two Reference Genomes in Rice.
Deep-rooted pigeon pea promotes the water relations and survival of shallow-rooted finger millet during drought-Despite strong competitive interactions at ambient water availability.
Effect of Fungicide Mobility and Application Timing on the Management of Grape Powdery Mildew.
Microbial sources of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and the prospect of organic residues and wastes as growth media for PUFA-producing microorganisms.
Molecular epidemiology of virulent E. coli among rural small scale dairy herds and shops: Efficacy of selected marine algal extracts and disinfectants.
Alpine grassland plants grow earlier and faster but biomass remains unchanged over 35 years of climate change.
16S rRNA Sequencing Detected Profftella, Liberibacter, Wolbachia, and Diplorickettsia from Relatives of the Asian Citrus Psyllid.
Step-wise elimination of alpha-mitochondrial nucleoids and mitochondrial structure as a basis for the strict uniparental inheritance in Cryptococcus neoformans.
Pan-tissue transcriptome analysis of long noncoding RNAs in the American beaver Castor canadensis.
Auxiliary domains of the HrpB bacterial DExH-box helicase shape its RNA preferences.
Assessment of the Nutrient Removal Potential of Floating Native and Exotic Aquatic Macrophytes Cultured in Swine Manure Wastewater.
Physiological, structural and ultrastructural impacts of silver nanoparticles on the seagrass Cymodocea nodosa.
A Hydrolase-Catalyzed Cyclization Forms the Fused Bicyclic beta-Lactone in Vibralactone.
No preferential C-allocation to storage over growth in clipped birch and oak saplings.
Caffeoylquinic acids with potential biological activity from plant in vitro cultures as alternative sources of valuable natural products.
De novo genome assembly and Hi-C analysis reveal an association between chromatin architecture alterations and sex differentiation in the woody plant Jatropha curcas.
Determinants of Soil Organic Carbon Sequestration and Its Contribution to Ecosystem Carbon Sinks of Planted Forests.
Genetic diversity, structure, and demography of Pandanus boninensis (Pandanaceae) with sea drifted seeds, endemic to the Ogasawara Islands of Japan: comparison between young and old islands.
Hydrogen sulfide and nitric oxide signal integration and plant development under stressed/non-stressed conditions.
Daphnane Diterpenoids from Trigonostemon lii and Inhibition Activities Against HIV-1.
Correction to: Inhibition of NADPH Oxidase-Derived Reactive Oxygen Species Decreases Expression of Inflammatory Cytokines in A549 Cells.
Development of Deletion Lines for Chromosome 3D of Bread Wheat.
Chronicles of nature calendar, a long-term and large-scale multitaxon database on phenology.
The Pattern and Function of DNA Methylation in Fungal Plant Pathogens.
Functional Analysis Reveals the Regulatory Role of PpTST1 Encoding Tonoplast Sugar Transporter in Sugar Accumulation of Peach Fruit.
Interactive role of exogenous 24 Epibrassinolide and endogenous NO in Brassica juncea L. under salinity stress: Evidence for NR-dependent NO biosynthesis.
Transcriptional analysis of wheat seedlings inoculated with Fusarium culmorum under continual exposure to disease defence inductors.
Green synthesis of silver nanoparticles from Curcuma longa L. and coating on the cotton fabrics for antimicrobial applications and wound healing activity.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi colonization and physiological functions toward wetland plants under different water regimes.
Chitosan coating does not prevent the effect of the transfer of green silver nanoparticles biosynthesized by Streptomyces malachitus into fetuses via the placenta.
Deer, wolves, and people: costs, benefits and challenges of living together.
Living in small spaces: Forest fragment characterization and its use by Philippine tarsiers (Tarsius syrichta Linnaeus, 1758) in Mindanao Island, Philippines.
Impact of synthesized metal oxide nanomaterials on seedlings production of three Solanaceae crops.
Physicochemical properties of starch obtained from Curcuma karnatakensis - A new botanical source for high amylose content.
Correction to: Review of traditional uses, botany, chemistry, pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology of Radix Cyathulae.
Cell proliferation activity delineated by molecular docking of four new compounds isolated from the aerial parts of Suaeda monoica Forssk. ex. J.F. Gmel.
Two new species for Gochnatia Kunth (Asteraceae, Gochnatieae) and an extension of the tribal range into Ecuador.
Eriocoma valdesii, a new species from Mexico (Poaceae, Stipeae).
The hornwort genome and early land plant evolution.
Structural basis for energy and electron transfer of the photosystem I-IsiA-flavodoxin supercomplex.
Orbital pacing and secular evolution of the Early Jurassic carbon cycle.
Antioxidant and Anti-Proliferative Properties of Hagenia abyssinica Roots and Their Potentially Active Components.
Celastrol Alleviates Gamma Irradiation-Induced Damage by Modulating Diverse Inflammatory Mediators.
Melittin-A Natural Peptide from Bee Venom Which Induces Apoptosis in Human Leukaemia Cells.
Microphytobenthos diversity and community structure across different micro-estuaries and micro-outlets: Effects of environmental variables on community structure.
Interactive effects of air pollutants and atmospheric moisture stress on aspen growth and photosynthesis along an urban-rural gradient.
NMR-based Structural Classification, Identification, and Quantification of Triterpenoids from Edible Mushroom Ganoderma resinaceum.
The SR-protein FgSrp2 regulates vegetative growth, sexual reproduction and pre-mRNA processing by interacting with FgSrp1 in Fusarium graminearum.
Quintaquinone, a Merosesquiterpene from the Yellow Sponge Verongula cf. rigida Esper.
Functional Characterization of Class I Trehalose Biosynthesis Genes in Physcomitrella patens.
Quantitative Estimation of Leaf Heat Transfer Coefficients by Active Thermography at Varying Boundary Layer Conditions.
Human Papillomavirus E6 and E7: The Cervical Cancer Hallmarks and Targets for Therapy.
DNA barcoding of pear psyllids (Hemiptera: Psylloidea: Psyllidae), a tale of continued misidentifications.
Responses of Eucalyptus globulus and Ficus nitida to different potential of heavy metal air pollution.
Transformation of catechins into theaflavins by upregulation of CsPPO3 in preharvest tea (Camellia sinensis) leaves exposed to shading treatment.
Expression of Single Chain Variable Fragment (scFv) Molecules in Plants: A Comprehensive Update.
Antibacterial sesquiterpenes from the stems and roots of Thuja sutchuenensis.
Design, synthesis, in vitro antimicrobial evaluation and molecular docking studies of indol-2-one tagged with morpholinosulfonyl moiety as DNA gyrase inhibitors.
Scale effects on the relationships between land characteristics and ecosystem services- a case study in Taihu Lake Basin, China.
Organic chelates decrease phytotoxic effects and enhance chromium uptake by regulating chromium-speciation in castor bean (Ricinus communis L.).
Peltate glandular trichomes of Colquhounia vestita harbor diterpenoid acids that contribute to plant adaptation to UV radiation and cold stresses.
Foliar application of nanoparticles mitigates the chilling effect on photosynthesis and photoprotection in sugarcane.
Contrasting co-occurrence patterns of photobiont and cystobasidiomycete yeast associated with common epiphytic lichen species.
Comparative analysis of chromosome 2A molecular organization in diploid and hexaploid wheat.
Efficient extraction of cucurbitacins from Diplocyclos palmatus (L.) C. Jeffrey: Optimization using response surface methodology, extraction methods and study of some important bioactivities.
Tritrophic interactions follow phylogenetic escalation and climatic adaptation.
Global gene flow releases invasive plants from environmental constraints on genetic diversity.
IbBBX24 Promotes the Jasmonic Acid Pathway and Enhances Fusarium Wilt Resistance in Sweet Potato.
Allelic Variants of CRISPR/Cas9 Induced Mutation in an Inositol Trisphosphate 5/6 Kinase Gene Manifest Different Phenotypes in Barley.
Early stage root-Associated fungi show a high temporal turnover, but Are independent of beech progeny.
Silencing Dicer-Like Genes Reduces Virulence and sRNA Generation in Penicillium italicum, the Cause of Citrus Blue Mold.
Green Technology for Remediation of Water Polluted with Petroleum Crude Oil: Using of Eichhornia crassipes (Mart.) Solms Combined with Magnetic Nanoparticles Capped with Myrrh Resources of Saudi Arabia.
Synthesis of New Cisplatin Derivatives from Bile Acids.
Forensic validation of a SNP and INDEL panel for individualisation of timber from bigleaf maple (Acer macrophyllum Pursch).
Bousangine A, a novel C-17-nor aspidosperma-type monoterpenoid indole alkaloid from Bousigonia angustifolia.
Specific Detection and Identification of Fusarium graminearum Sensu Stricto Using a PCR-RFLP Tool and Specific Primers Targeting the Translational Elongation Factor 1alpha Gene.
Dynamic surface tension of xylem sap lipids.
Axial changes in wood functional traits have limited net effects on stem biomass increment in European beech (Fagus sylvatica).
Characterization of phenolic profile by LC-ESI-MS/MS and enzyme inhibitory activities of two wild edible garlic: Allium nigrum L. and Allium subhirsutum L.
Alternative designs and tropical tree seedling growth performance landscapes.
Biological impacts of phosphomimic AtMYB75.
Assessment of Cu, Zn, Mn, and Fe enrichment in Mt. Kenya soils: evidence for atmospheric deposition and contamination.
Mismatches between demographic niches and geographic distributions are strongest in poorly dispersed and highly persistent plant species.
Draft Genome Sequence of the Globally Distributed Cockroach-Infecting Fungus Herpomyces periplanetae Strain D. Haelew. 1187d.
Parthenolide inhibits ubiquitin-specific peptidase 7 (USP7), Wnt signaling, and colorectal cancer cell growth.
Comparison and optimization of protein extraction and two-dimensional gel electrophoresis protocols for liverworts.
Healing Properties of Epidermal Growth Factor and Tocotrienol-Rich Fraction in Deep Partial-Thickness Experimental Burn Wounds.
ddRAD analyses reveal a credible phylogenetic relationship of the four main genera of Bambusa-Dendrocalamus-Gigantochloa complex (Poaceae: Bambusoideae).
Impact of high throughput green synthesized silver nanoparticles on agronomic traits of onion.
Micromorphology, pharmacognosy, and bio-elemental analysis of an important medicinal herb: Verbascum thapsus L.
Extensive shifts from cis to trans splicing of gymnosperm mitochondrial introns.
Neuroprotective effect of Reinwardtia indica against scopolamine induced memory-impairment in rat by attenuating oxidative stress.
Host proteome linked to HPV E7-mediated specific gene hypermethylation in cancer pathways.
Three-Dimensional Visualization of APEX2-Tagged Erg11 in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Using Focused Ion Beam Scanning Electron Microscopy.
Ex-vivo antihypertensive and calcium channel blocking activity of Androsace foliosa n-hexane leaves fraction on isolated rabbit aorta.
Antidiabetic potential of flavonoids from Artemisia macrocephalla Jaquem in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats: Pharmacological and biochemical approach.
Nitrous Oxide Emissions from Paddies: Understanding the Role of Rice Plants.
Genome-Wide Analysis of the MYB Transcription Factor Superfamily in Physcomitrella patens.
Self-Redirection of Metabolic Flux Toward Squalene and Ethanol Pathways by Engineered Yeast.
Interaction between the Circadian Clock and Regulators of Heat Stress Responses in Plants.
Laccase Properties, Physiological Functions, and Evolution.
Responses of an old and a modern Indian wheat cultivar to future O3 level: Physiological, yield and grain quality parameters.
Multigene phylogeny and taxonomy of Dendryphion hydei and Torula hydei spp. nov. from herbaceous litter in northern Thailand.
A genome wide association study of resistance to Puccinia striiformis f. sp. hordei and Puccinia graminis f. sp. tritici in barley and development of resistant germplasm.
In vitro anticandidal potency of Syzygium aromaticum (clove) extracts against vaginal candidiasis.
Trait associations in the pangenome of pigeon pea (Cajanus cajan).
1RS arm of Secale cereanum  \' Kriszta \'  confers resistance to stripe rust, improved yield components and high arabinoxylan content in wheat.
Transcriptome analysis reveals insight into molecular hydrogen-induced cadmium tolerance in alfalfa: the prominent role of sulfur and (homo)glutathione metabolism.
Modulation of volatile compound metabolome and transcriptome in grape berries exposed to sunlight under dry-hot climate.
A new macrofossil ephedroid plant with unusual bract morphology from the Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of northeastern China.
In silico molecular docking and in vitro antioxidant activity studies of novel alpha-aminophosphonates bearing 6-amino-1,3-dimethyl uracil.
Crocus sativus L. Extract Containing Polyphenols Modulates Oxidative Stress and Inflammatory Response against Anti-Tuberculosis Drugs-Induced Liver Injury.
Effect of water deficit stress on an Indian wheat cultivar (Triticum aestivum L. HD 2967) under ambient and elevated level of ozone.
Influence of phosphorus on copper phytoextraction via modulating cellular organelles in two jute (Corchorus capsularis L.) varieties grown in a copper mining soil of Hubei Province, China.
Evolution of Plant Hormone Response Pathways.
Born to revive: molecular and physiological mechanisms of double tolerance in a paleotropical and resurrection plant.
Effects of biochar particle size and concomitant nitrogen fertilization on soil microbial community structure during the maize seedling stage.
Effect of 3-O-acetylaleuritolic acid from in vitro-cultured Drosera spatulata on cancer cells survival and migration.
Dearomatized Isoprenylated Acylphloroglucinol Derivatives with Potential Antitumor Activities from Hypericum henryi.
Function of PsbO-Asp158 in photosystem II: effects of mutation of this residue on the binding of PsbO and function of PSII in Thermosynechococcus vulcanus.
Mercury concentration data from Matang Mangrove Forest Reserve, Malaysia.
Plant hydraulic traits reveal islands as refugia from worsening drought.
Grazing effects on intraspecific trait variability vary with changing precipitation patterns in Mongolian rangelands.
Experimental migration upward in elevation is associated with strong selection on life history traits.
Patterns of floral nectar standing crops allow plants to manipulate their pollinators.
RNA-Seq reveals novel genes and pathways associated with hypoxia duration and tolerance in tomato root.
From the inside out: An epibiotic Bdellovibrio predator with an expanded genomic complement.
Bioremediation potential of Sargassum sp. biomass to tackle pollution in coastal ecosystems: Circular economy approach.
Anti-inflammatory effect of Acalypha australis L. via suppression of NF-kappaB signaling in LPS-stimulated RAW 264.7 macrophages and LPS-induced septic mice.
Cadmium toxicity in cowpea plant: Effect of foliar intervention of nano-TiO2 on tissue Cd bioaccumulation, stress enzymes and potential dietary health risk.
Mating strategy and mating type distribution in six global populations of the Eucalyptus foliar pathogen Teratosphaeria destructans.
Effect of Rhododendron arboreum Leaf Extract on the Antioxidant Defense System against Chromium (VI) Stress in Vigna radiata Plants.
Diagnostic Potential of FT-IR Fingerprinting in Botanical Origin Evaluation of Laurus nobilis L. Essential Oil is Supported by GC-FID-MS Data.
Impact of Varied Factors on Iron, Nickel, Molybdenum and Vanadium Concentrations in the Knee Joint.
Insight the Biological Activities of Selected Abietane Diterpenes Isolated from Plectranthus spp.
Phytochemical Screening and Antiprotozoal Effects of the Methanolic Berberis vulgaris and Acetonic Rhus coriaria Extracts.
Analysis of Binding Interactions of Ramipril and Quercetin on Human Serum Albumin: A Novel Method in Affinity Evaluation.
In vitro Antibiotic and Modulatory Activity of Mesosphaerum suaveolens (L.) Kuntze against Candida strains.
Summit evergreen shrubs living at a semi-arid treeline: photoprotection systems activation in an open versus an understory site.
Reticulon proteins modulate autophagy of the endoplasmic reticulum in maize endosperm.
Two New Species of Placolecis (Lichenized Ascomycota) from China.
A Survey of Termitomyces (Lyophyllaceae, Agaricales), Including a New Species, from a Subtropical Forest in Xishuangbanna, China.
Arthonia dokdoensis and Rufoplaca toktoana - Two New Taxa from Dokdo Islands (South Korea).
Defensive Responses of Tea Plants (Camellia sinensis) Against Tea Green Leafhopper Attack: A Multi-Omics Study.
The Effect of Rhizoboxes on Plant Growth and Root: Shoot Biomass Partitioning.
Herbs for Voice Database: Developing a Rational Approach to the Study of Herbal Remedies Used in Voice Care.
Endophytic bacteria promote growth of the medicinal legume Clitoria ternatea L. by chemotactic activity.
Lead (Pb) distribution and accumulation in different plant parts and its associations with grain Pb contents in fragrant rice.
A spatially explicit analysis of wheat and maize yield sensitivity to changing groundwater levels in Hungary, 1961-2010.
Optimization of production and intrinsic viscosity of an exopolysaccharide from a high yielding Virgibacillus salarius BM02: Study of its potential antioxidant, emulsifying properties and application in the mixotrophic cultivation of Spirulina platensis.
Natural Products and Their Therapeutic Effect on Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Isolation and characterization of nutrient dependent pyocyanin from Pseudomonas aeruginosa and its dye and agrochemical properties.
Responses of photosystem I compared with photosystem II to combination of heat stress and fluctuating light in tobacco leaves.
Genome-wide association study reveals that different pathways contribute to grain quality variation in sorghum (Sorghum bicolor).
Sequential Paleotetraploidization shaped the carrot genome.
Comparative chloroplast genomics of the genus Taxodium.
An insight into the mechanism of DNA damage response in plants- role of SUPPRESSOR OF GAMMA RESPONSE 1: An overview.
Green synthesis of sulfur nanoparticles using Ocimum basilicum leaves and its prospective effect on manganese-stressed Helianthus annuus (L.) seedlings.
Enhanced anaerobic digestion performance by two artificially constructed microbial consortia capable of woody biomass degradation and chlorophenols detoxification.
Conifers exhibit a characteristic inactivation of auxin to maintain tissue homeostasis.
Is the lady \' s-slipper orchid (Cypripedium calceolus) likely to shortly become extinct in Europe?-Insights based on ecological niche modelling.
Comparative pollen and foliar micromorphological studies using light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy of some selected species of Lamiaceae from Alpine Zone of Deosai Plateau, Western Himalayas.
New protocol for successful isolation and amplification of DNA from exiguous fractions of specimens: a tool to overcome the basic obstacle in molecular analyses of myxomycetes.
Agricultural lands key to mitigation and adaptation-Response.
The impact of Miocene orogeny for the diversification of Caucasian Epeorus (Caucasiron) mayflies (Ephemeroptera: Heptageniidae).
Molecular mechanisms of plant steroids and study of their interaction with nuclear receptors in prostate cancer cells.
Monpa, memory, and change: an ethnobotanical study of plant use in Medog County, South-east Tibet, China.
Comparative proteomic and transcriptomic analyses provide new insight into the formation of seed size in castor bean.
In vitro alpha-glucosidase inhibition and computational studies of kaempferol derivatives from Dryopteris cycanida.
Herbal medicine on cancer-related fatigue of lung cancer survivors: Protocol for a systematic review.
Whole genome sequencing snapshot of multi-drug resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae strains from hospitals and receiving wastewater treatment plants in Southern Romania.
Congenetic hybrids derived from dearomatized isoprenylated acylphloroglucinol with opposite effects on Cav3.1 low voltage-gated Ca2+ channel.
Sphagnum growth under N-saturation: interactive effects of water level and P or K fertilisation.
Temperature and water potential co-limit stem cambial activity along a steep elevational gradient.
Genome- Wide Analysis of the Nucleotide Binding Site Leucine-Rich Repeat Genes of Four Orchids Revealed Extremely Low Numbers of Disease Resistance Genes.
Editorial: New Insights Into Mechanisms of Epigenetic Modifiers in Plant Growth and Development.
Reactive Oxygen Species as a Response to Wounding: In Vivo Imaging in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Supplemental Light-Emitting Diode Inter-Lighting Increases Tomato Fruit Growth Through Enhanced Photosynthetic Light Use Efficiency and Modulated Root Activity.
Tackling Rapid Radiations With Targeted Sequencing.
The Identification and Conservation of Tunicaminyluracil-Related Biosynthetic Gene Clusters in Several Rathayibacter Species Collected From Australia, Africa, Eurasia, and North America.
Honokiol suppresses mycelial growth and reduces virulence of Botrytis cinerea by inducing autophagic activities and apoptosis.
A Phytophthora capsici effector suppresses plant immunity via interaction with EDS1.
Semi-continuous production of the anticancer drug taxol by Aspergillus fumigatus and Alternaria tenuissima immobilized in calcium alginate beads.
Knockout of VvCCD8 gene in grapevine affects shoot branching.
Genome-wide analyses of cassava Pathogenesis-related (PR) gene families reveal core transcriptome responses to whitefly infestation, salicylic acid and jasmonic acid.
Green synthesized silver nanoparticles induced cytogenotoxic and genotoxic changes in Allium cepa L. varies with nanoparticles doses and duration of exposure.
Clethodim (herbicide) alters the growth and toxins content of Microcystis aeruginosa and Raphidiopsis raciborskii.
Screening of an alkaline CMCase-producing strain and the optimization of its fermentation condition.
In silico elucidation of plausible inhibitory potential of Withaferin A of Withania somnifera medicinal herb against breast cancer targeting estrogen receptor.
Dictyosphaerium-like morphotype in terrestrial algae: what is Xerochlorella (Trebouxiophyceae, Chlorophyta)?
A socio-ecological model for predicting impacts of land-use and climate change on regional plant diversity in the Austrian Alps.
Identification of Flavonoids and Bufadienolides and Cytotoxic Effects of Kalanchoe daigremontiana Extracts on Human Cancer Cell Lines.
How dietary transition changed land use in Mexico.
A new model for efficient, need-driven progress in generating primary biodiversity information resources.
Development of 18 microsatellite markers for Salvia pratensis.
Development of chloroplast microsatellite markers for giant ragweed (Ambrosia trifida).
Transcriptional responses of Candida glabrata biofilm cells to fluconazole are modulated by the carbon source.
Trait-based diatom functional diversity as an appropriate tool for understanding the effects of environmental changes in soda pans.
Low growth resilience to drought is related to future mortality risk in trees.
Recurrent mutualism breakdown events in a legume rhizobia metapopulation.
The Role of Salicylic Acid in Plants Exposed to Heavy Metals.
Characterization of Isolated Extracts from Justicia Plant Leaves used as Remedy for Anemia.
Aspidoptoids A-D: Four New Diterpenoids from Aspidopterys obcordata Vine.
Ecotype-Specific Pathways of Reactive Oxygen Species Deactivation in Facultative Metallophyte Silene Vulgaris (Moench) Garcke Treated with Heavy Metals.
The Stimulatory Effect of Purine-Type Cytokinins on Proliferation and Polyphenolic Compound Accumulation in Shoot Culture of Salvia Viridis.
Headspace gas chromatographic method for antimicrobial screening: Minimum inhibitory concentration determination.
A multidisciplinary approach for investigating dietary and medicinal habits of the Medieval population of Santa Severa (7th-15th centuries, Rome, Italy).
Immune stimulatory and anti-HIV-1 potential of extracts derived from marine brown algae Padina tetrastromatica.
Silicon induces phytochelatin and ROS scavengers facilitating cadmium detoxification in rice.
Autosomal suppression and fitness costs of an old driving X chromosome in Drosophila testacea.
Reduction of chromium-VI by chromium-resistant Escherichia coli FACU: a prospective bacterium for bioremediation.
Vessel elements of two thelypteroid ferns-part I.
Plant diversity, net primary productivity and soil nutrient contents of a humid subtropical grassland remained low even after 50 years of post-disturbance recovery from coal mining.
Advances in terrestrial and ocean dynamics studies in India.
Investigating the contribution of climate variables to estimates of net primary productivity in a tropical deciduous forest in India.
Plant invasion alters the physico-chemical dynamics of soil system: insights from invasive Leucanthemum vulgare in the Indian Himalaya.
Understanding the relationship between soil properties and litter chemistry in three forest communities in tropical forest ecosystem.
Bacillus  firmus  strain  FSS2C  ameliorated  oxidative  stress  in  wheat  plants  induced  by  azo  dye  (reactive  black-5).
Zinc solubilizing bacteria (Bacillus megaterium) with multifarious plant growth promoting activities alleviates growth in Capsicum annuum L.
Brassinosteroid overproduction improves lignocellulose quantity and quality to maximize bioethanol yield under green-like biomass process in transgenic poplar.
Khoonmengia honbaensis, a new genus and species of temperate bamboo (Poaceae, Bambusoideae) from central-southern Vietnam.
Bulbophyllum papuaense (Orchidaceae), a new species from Indonesia.
An annotated checklist of Myanmar orchid flora.
Three new fossil records of Equisetum (Equisetaceae) from the Neogene of south-western China and northern Vietnam.
Documentation of plant diversity of Southeast Asia: the new role of Belt and Road Initiative.
No ontogenetic shift in the realised trophic niche but in Batesian mimicry in an ant-eating spider.
Fire synchronizes flowering and boosts reproduction in a widespread but declining prairie species.
Antibiofilm and anticancer potential of beta-glucan-binding protein-encrusted zinc oxide nanoparticles.
Marine Algae of the Genus Gracilaria as a Multi Products Source for different Biotechnological and Medical Applications.
Phylogenetic Revision of the Order Entactinaria-Paleozoic Relict Radiolaria (Rhizaria, SAR).
In silico identification and structure function analysis of a putative coclaurine N-methyltransferase from Aristolochia fimbriata.
The correlation between the MRI-evaluated ectopic fat accumulation and the incidence of diabetes mellitus and hypertension depends on body mass index and waist circumference ratio.
Selection constraints determine preference for A/U-ending codons in Taxus contorta.
Preparative Isolation of Piceatannol Derivatives from Passion Fruit (Passiflora edulis) Seeds by High-Speed Countercurrent Chromatography Combined with High Performance Liquid Chromatography and Screening for alpha-Glucosidase Inhibitory Activities.
Drought stress modulates cuticular wax composition of the grape berry (Vitis vinifera L.).
ATP-binding cassette (ABC) import systems of Mycobacterium tuberculosis: target for drug and vaccine development.
Reproductive biology and pollinators in two enantiostylous Qualea species (Vochysiaceae) in the Brazilian Cerrado.
Phytoremediation of heavy metals by four aquatic macrophytes and their potential use as contamination indicators: a comparative assessment.
Toxicological impact of deltamethrin on growth and nitrogen content of a rice field cyanobacterium Calothrix sp. (GUEco 1002).
Anthropogenic radionuclides in Antarctic biota - dosimetrical considerations.
Climate change and ecosystems: threats, opportunities and solutions.
Biomonitoring potential of the native aquatic plant Typha domingensis by predicting trace metals accumulation in the Egyptian Lake Burullus.
Silver nanoparticles synthesis from Bacillus sp KFU36 and its anticancer effect in breast cancer MCF-7 cells via induction of apoptotic mechanism.
Metabolomic analysis of Cyrtopodium glutiniferum extract by UHPLC-MS/MS and in vitro antiproliferative and genotoxicity assessment.
A behavioral paradigm to study the persistence of reward memory extinction in Drosophila.
Biocomponent-based microalgal transformations into biofuels during the pretreatment and fermentation process.
Bacterial cellulose membrane conjugated with plant-derived osteopontin: Preparation and its potential for bone tissue regeneration.
Climatic limits of temperate rainforest tree species are explained by xylem embolism resistance among angiosperms but not among conifers.
Light microscopy of Pakistani Berberis leaf cuticles and its taxonomic implications.
Satellite DNA landscapes after allotetraploidisation of quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa) reveal unique A and B subgenomes.
Characterization of an alkylresorcinol synthase that forms phenolics accumulating in the cuticular wax on various organs of rye (Secale cereale).
Temperate-zone cultivation of Oedogonium in municipal wastewater effluent to produce cellulose and oxygen.
Antimicrobial activity of Novel spinel nanoferrites against pathogenic fungi and bacteria.
Sulfate-mediated Drought Tolerance in Maize Involves Regulation at Physiological and Biochemical Levels.
Evolutionary diversity in tropical tree communities peaks at intermediate precipitation.
Phyllanthacidoid U: a new N-glycosyl norbisabolane sesquiterpene from Phyllanthus acidus (L.) skeels.
Improvement of Saccharification and Delignification Efficiency of Trichoderma reesei Rut-C30 by Genetic Bioengineering.
Bioprospecting Sponge-Associated Marine Cyanobacteria to Produce Bioactive Compounds.
Invasive Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), an Allergy and Health Challenge.
Methyl Jasmonate Induced Oxidative Stress and Accumulation of Secondary Metabolites in Plant Cell and Organ Cultures.
Effects of Lycium barbarum L. Polysaccharides on Inflammation and Oxidative Stress Markers in a Pressure Overload-Induced Heart Failure Rat Model.
Cymbopogon Citratus Functionalized Green Synthesis of CuO-Nanoparticles: Novel Prospects as Antibacterial and Antibiofilm Agents.
Metabolic Profiling-Based Evaluation of the Fermentative Behavior of Aspergillus oryzae and Bacillus subtilis for Soybean Residues Treated at Different Temperatures.
Amaryllidaceae Alkaloids of Different Structural Types from Narcissus L. cv. Professor Einstein and Their Cytotoxic Activity.
Infrageneric phylogenetics investigation of Chimonanthus based on electroactive compound profiles.
Synthesis of a 1,2,3-bistriazole derivative of embelin and evaluation of its effect on high-fat diet fed-streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes in rats and molecular docking studies.
Highly Reduced Genomes of Protist Endosymbionts Show Evolutionary Convergence.
Fungal diversity in canopy soil of silver beech, Nothofagus menziesii (Nothofagaceae).
Flavonolignans: One Step Further in the Broad-Spectrum Approach of Cancer.
From the GDI in molecular topology to the Quantum Mechanics and the questions that Huckel did not answered.
Harnessing symbiotic plant-fungus interactions to unleash hidden forces from extreme plant ecosystems.
Conifer and broadleaved trees differ in branch allometry but maintain similar functional balances.
The Coumarin Derivative 5 \' -Hydroxy Auraptene Suppresses Osteoclast Differentiation via Inhibiting MAPK and c-Fos/NFATc1 Pathways.
Antioxidant and antibacterial activity of Trametes polyzona (Pers.) Justo.
Fungal Systematics and Evolution: FUSE 5.
Regulation of Somatic Embryo Development in Norway Spruce.
Earthworms and vermicompost: an eco-friendly approach for repaying nature \' s debt.
A two-way molecular dialogue between embryo and endosperm is required for seed development.
Effects of camptothecin on the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae.
Transgenesis as a Tool for the Efficient Production of Selected Secondary Metabolites from in Vitro Plant Cultures.
Physiological, Biochemical and Reproductive Studies on Valeriana wallichii, a Critically Endangered Medicinal Plant of the Himalayan Region Grown under In-Situ and Ex-Situ Conditions.
Utilization of High throughput microcrystalline cellulose decorated silver nanoparticles as an eco-nematicide on root-knot nematodes.
Sulfonamide-based ring-fused analogues for CAN508 as novel carbonic anhydrase inhibitors endowed with antitumor activity: Design, synthesis, and in vitro biological evaluation.
Genotypic variation among 20 rice cultivars/landraces in response to cadmium stress grown locally in West Bengal, India.
Auxin Canalization and Vascular Tissue Formation by TIR1/AFB-Mediated Auxin Signaling in Arabidopsis.
Determination of Place of Residence Using the Gene Information of Plants Carried by the Human Body.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in roots and soil respond differently to biotic and abiotic factors in the Serengeti.
Corrigendum to "Protective role of Moringa oleifera leaf extract on cardiac antioxidant status and lipid peroxidation in streptozotocin induced diabetic rats" [Heliyon 5, (12), (December 2019), e02935].
Characterization and carbon mineralization of biochars produced from different animal manures and plant residues.
Real-time monitoring of glutathione in living cells using genetically encoded FRET-based ratiometric nanosensor.
REPORT- Some ethanobotanically important plants from Cholistan area for anti avian influenza virus (AIV) H9N2 screening.
Antibacterial and antifungal activities of different polar extracts from Anoectochilus roxburghii.
Translocation of Drought-Responsive Proteins from the Chloroplasts.
Effects of Synechococcus sp. PCC 7942 harboring vp19, vp28, and vp (19 + 28) on the survival and immune response of Litopenaeus vannamei infected WSSV.
Assessing the response of forest productivity to climate extremes in Switzerland using model-data fusion.
Evolutionary strategies drive a balance of the interacting gene products for the CBL and CIPK gene families.
Transcriptomic analysis of grapevine LEA gene family in response to osmotic and cold stress, and functional analyses of VamDHN3 gene.
Prolonged use of finasteride induced gonadal sex steroids alterations, DNA damage and menstrual bleeding in women.
High diversity of fish ectoparasitic monogeneans (Dactylogyrus) in the Iberian Peninsula: a case of adaptive radiation?
Molecular docking and molecular dynamics simulation approach to screen natural compounds for inhibition of Xanthomonas oryzae pv. Oryzae by targeting peptide deformylase.
Effect of ecological factors on the accumulation of phenolic compounds in Iris species from Latvia, Lithuania and Ukraine.
Evaluation of Salix alba, Juglans regia and Populus nigra as biomonitors of PTEs in the riparian soils of the Sava River.
Assessment of malathion toxicity on cytophysiological activity, DNA damage and antioxidant enzymes in root of Allium cepa model.
Glycosyl ortho-(1-phenylvinyl)benzoates versatile glycosyl donors for highly efficient synthesis of both O-glycosides and nucleosides.
Molecular mechanism for the recognition of sequence-divergent CIF peptides by the plant receptor kinases GSO1/SGN3 and GSO2.
Functional variants of DOG1 control seed chilling responses and variation in seasonal life-history strategies in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Tradeoffs in the evolution of plant farming by ants.
A Similar Genetic Architecture Underlies the Convergent Evolution of the Selfing Syndrome in Capsella.
Habitat heterogeneity mediates effects of individual variation on spatial species coexistence.
Altitudinal upwards shifts in fungal fruiting in the Alps.
A Summary of In Vitro and In Vivo Studies Evaluating the Impact of E-Cigarette Exposure on Living Organisms and the Environment.
Flower-Specific Overproduction of Cytokinins Altered Flower Development and Sex Expression in the Perennial Woody Plant Jatropha curcas L.
Citrus limon (Lemon) Phenomenon-A Review of the Chemistry, Pharmacological Properties, Applications in the Modern Pharmaceutical, Food, and Cosmetics Industries, and Biotechnological Studies.
Steady-State Levels of Cytokinins and Their Derivatives May Serve as a Unique Classifier of Arabidopsis Ecotypes.
Combined Kinetin and Spermidine Treatments Ameliorate Growth and Photosynthetic Inhibition in Vigna angularis by Up-Regulating Antioxidant and Nitrogen Metabolism under Cadmium Stress.
Effects of Foliar Treatment with a Trichoderma Plant Biostimulant Consortium on Passiflora caerulea L. Yield and Quality.
Bariatric Surgery in Obesity: Effects on Gut Microbiota and Micronutrient Status.
Unravelling the Roles of Nitrogen Nutrition in Plant Disease Defences.
bHLH121 Functions as A Direct Link that Facilitates the Activation of FIT by bHLH IVc Transcription Factors for Maintaining Fe Homeostasis in Arabidopsis.
Talaromyces minioluteus: New Postharvest Fungal Pathogen in Serbia.
Biomimetic Total Syntheses of Sanctis A-B with Structure Revision.
The complete mitochondrial genome of Taxus cuspidata (Taxaceae): eight protein-coding genes have transferred to the nuclear genome.
Does selenium fortification of kale and kohlrabi sprouts change significantly their biochemical and cytotoxic properties?
Metabolic impairment in response to early induction of C/EBPbeta leads to compromised cardiac function during pathological hypertrophy.
Ecological response to altered rainfall differs across the Neotropics.
Comparing Adaptive Radiations Across Space, Time, and Taxa.
Tree of motility - A proposed history of motility systems in the tree of life.
Stronger regional biosecurity is essential to prevent hundreds of harmful biological invasions.
Ecophysiological changes and spore formation: two strategies in response to low-temperature and high-light stress in Klebsormidium cf. flaccidum (Klebsormidiophyceae, Streptophyta).
Volatilization characteristics of selenium during conventional and microwave drying of coal slime: an emerging contaminant in mining industry.
Data regarding a new, vector-enzymatic DNA fragment amplification-expression technology for the construction of artificial, concatemeric DNA, RNA and proteins, as well as biological effects of selected polypeptides obtained using this method.
Lycium shawii Roem. &amp; Schult.: A new bioactive antimicrobial and antioxidant agent to combat multi-drug/pan-drug resistant pathogens of wound burn infections.
Salicylic Acid Targets Protein Phosphatase 2A to Attenuate Growth in Plants.
Non-targeted metabolomics analysis reveals dynamic changes of volatile and non-volatile metabolites during oolong tea manufacture.
Reducing residual antibiotic levels in animal feces using intestinal Escherichia coli with surface-displayed erythromycin esterase.
Exogenous salicylic acid ameliorates heat stress-induced damages and improves growth and photosynthetic efficiency in alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.).
Phytohormones-induced senescence efficiently promotes the transport of cadmium from roots into shoots of plants: A novel strategy for strengthening of phytoremediation.
In vitro cytotoxic activity of Zaleya Pentandra L. Extracts against the breast cancer adenocarcinoma cell line MCF-7.
Conserved and nuanced hierarchy of gene regulatory response to hypoxia.
Climate drives global soil carbon sequestration and crop yield changes under conservation agriculture.
How do vascular plants perform photosynthesis in extreme environments? An integrative ecophysiological and biochemical story.
Ameliorative effect of Albizia chinensis synthesized ZnO-NPs on Mycoplasma pneumoniae infected pneumonia mice model.
Linking Plant Functional Ecology to Island Biogeography.
Distinct cellulose and callose accumulation for enhanced bioethanol production and biotic stress resistance in OsSUS3 transgenic rice.
Genomic Characterization and Expressional Profiles of Autophagy-Related Genes (ATGs) in Oilseed Crop Castor Bean (Ricinus communis L.).
Silicification of Root Tissues.
A feasible sonochemical approach to synthesize CuO@CeO2 nanomaterial and their enhanced non-enzymatic sensor performance towards neurotransmitter.
Facile synthesis of copper ferrite nanoparticles with chitosan composite for high-performance electrochemical sensor.
Probing the surface ultrastructure of Brevibacillus laterosporus using atomic force microscopy.
Multidimensional Studies of Pancratium parvum Dalzell Against Acetylcholinesterase: A Potential Enzyme for Alzheimer \' s Management.
Updating embryonic ontogenesis in Araucaria angustifolia: from Burlingame (1915) to the present.
Plant responses to decadal scale increments in atmospheric CO2 concentration: comparing two stomatal conductance sampling methods.
Aluminium/silicon interactions in higher plants- an update.
Antimicrobial Activity of Terpenoids Extracted from Annona muricata Seeds and its Endophytic Aspergillus niger Strain SH3 Either Singly or in Combination.
Genotypic variations in leaf and whole-plant water use efficiencies are closely related in bread wheat genotypes under well-watered and water-limited conditions during grain filling.
The Expression of Potato Expansin A3 (StEXPA3) and Extensin4 (StEXT4) Genes with Distribution of StEXPAs and HRGPs-Extensin Changes as an Effect of Cell Wall Rebuilding in Two Types of PVYNTN-Solanum tuberosum Interactions.
Taxonomic Characterization, and Secondary Metabolite Analysis of Streptomyces triticiradicis sp. nov.: A Novel Actinomycete with Antifungal Activity.
Serratia marcescens BM1 Enhances Cadmium Stress Tolerance and Phytoremediation Potential of Soybean Through Modulation of Osmolytes, Leaf Gas Exchange, Antioxidant Machinery, and Stress-Responsive Genes Expression.
Mentha Rhizomes as an Alternative Source of Natural Antioxidants.
Coordination and Crosstalk between Autophagosome and Multivesicular Body Pathways in Plant Stress Responses.
Selective and Colorimetric Detection of p-Nitrophenol Based on Inverse Opal Polymeric Photonic Crystals.
Comparative Analysis between Wild and Cultivated Cucumbers Reveals Transcriptional Changes during Domestication Process.
Exogenously Applied Ascorbic Acid-Mediated Changes in Osmoprotection and Oxidative Defense System Enhanced Water Stress Tolerance in Different Cultivars of Safflower (Carthamus tinctorious L.).
Metabolomics reveals metabolite changes of patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension in China.
Construction of novel microbial consortia CS-5 and BC-4 valued for the degradation of catalpa sawdust and chlorophenols simultaneously with enhancing methane production.
Manipulation of trait expression and pollination regime reveal the adaptive significance of spur length.
Asclepiadospermum gen. nov., the earliest fossil record of Asclepiadoideae (Apocynaceae) from the early Eocene of central Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau, and its biogeographic implications.
The non-photochemical quenching protein LHCSR3 prevents oxygen-dependent photoinhibition in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
Structural basis for C4 photosynthesis without Kranz anatomy in leaves of the submerged freshwater plant Ottelia alismoides.
Assessment of the heavy metal bioremediation efficiency of the novel marine lactic acid bacterium, Lactobacillus plantarum MF042018.
Therapeutic Advances for Huntington \' s Disease.
Seasonality and Small Spatial-Scale Variation of Chlorophyll a Fluorescence in Bryophyte Syntrichia ruralis [Hedw.] in Semi-Arid Sandy Grassland, Hungary.
Disparity in elevational shifts of upper species limits in response to recent climate warming in the Qinling Mountains, North-central China.
Response of plant physiological attributes to altitudinal gradient: Plant adaptation to temperature variation in the Himalayan region.
The earliest farming communities north of the Carpathians: The settlement at Gwozdziec site 2.
Genlisea hawkingii (Lentibulariaceae), a new species from Serra da Canastra, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
Effects of Benzophenone-3 and Propylparaben on Estrogen Receptor-Dependent R-Loops and DNA Damage in Breast Epithelial Cells and Mice.
Soil labile and recalcitrant carbon and nitrogen dynamics in relation to functional vegetation groups along precipitation gradients in secondary grasslands of South China.
Land use/cover and eco-toxicity indices for identifying metal contamination in sediments of drains, Manzala Lake, Egypt.
Phylogeny of spiny frogs Nanorana (Anura: Dicroglossidae) supports a Tibetan origin of a Himalayan species group.
Concealed truth: Modeling reveals unique Quaternary distribution dynamics and refugia of four related endemic keystone Abies taxa on the Tibetan Plateau.
Differential roles of species richness versus species asynchrony in regulating community stability along a precipitation gradient.
Desert-like badlands and surrounding (semi-)dry grasslands of Central Germany promote small-scale phenotypic and genetic differentiation in Thymus praecox.
Putative cis-regulatory elements predict iron deficiency responses in Arabidopsis roots.
Transcriptomic Response of Nitrosomonas europaea Transitioned from Ammonia- to Oxygen-Limited Steady-State Growth.
Shoot meristem maintenance and immune response signaling converge at the G protein beta subunit.
Light Pollution Changes the Toxicological Effects of Cadmium on Microbial Community Structure and Function Associated with Leaf Litter Decomposition.
Conjugation of Aspergillus flavipes Taxol with Porphyrin Increases the Anticancer Activity of Taxol and Ameliorates Its Cytotoxic Effects.
Genome-Wide Identification of QTLs for Grain Protein Content Based on Genotyping-by-Resequencing and Verification of qGPC1-1 in Rice.
Vaginal Polyelectrolyte Layer-by-Layer Films Based on Chitosan Derivatives and Eudragit  S100 for pH Responsive Release of Tenofovir.
Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Mediate Drought Tolerance and Recovery in Two Contrasting Carob (Ceratonia siliqua L.) Ecotypes by Regulating Stomatal, Water Relations, and (In)Organic Adjustments.
Modifications in Tissue and Cell Ultrastructure as Elements of Immunity-Like Reaction in Chenopodium quinoa against Prune Dwarf Virus (PDV).
Enzymatic Reaction-Related Protein Degradation and Proteinaceous Amino Acid Metabolism during the Black Tea (Camellia sinensis) Manufacturing Process.
Morphological and Molecular Identification of Microcystin-Producing Cyanobacteria in Nine Shallow Bulgarian Water Bodies.
Perinatal Exposure to Tartrazine Triggers Oxidative Stress and Neurobehavioral Alterations in Mice Offspring.
Seed Priming with Jasmonic Acid Counteracts Root Knot Nematode Infection in Tomato by Modulating the Activity and Expression of Antioxidative Enzymes.
Enhancement of secondary metabolites in Bacopa monnieri (L.) Pennell plants treated with copper-based nanoparticles in vivo.
Interactive role of salicylic acid and nitric oxide on transcriptional reprogramming for high temperature tolerance in lablab purpureus L.: Structural and functional insights using computational approaches.
Natural alkaloid and polyphenol compounds targeting lipid metabolism: Treatment implications in metabolic diseases.
Root hemiparasitism in Malania oleifera (Olacaceae), a neglected aspect in research of the highly valued tree species.
Effects of soil properties on accumulation characteristics of copper, manganese, zinc, and cadmium in Chinese turnip.
The coexistence of hermaphroditic and dioecious plants is associated with polyploidy and gender dimorphism in Dasiphora fruticosa.
Plastome sequencing of Myripnois dioica and comparison within Asteraceae.
Cell number explains the intraspecific spur-length variation in an Aquilegia species.
Genetic diversity and population structure of Hibiscus aridicola, an endangered ornamental species in dry-hot valleys of Jinsha River.
Phytosociology of stratification in a lowland tropical rainforest occurring north of the Tropic of Cancer in Meghalaya, India.
Synthesis, Characterization, Antibacterial Activity, and Computer-Aided Design of Novel Quinazolin-2,4-dione Derivatives as Potential Inhibitors Against Vibrio cholerae.
Characterization of a novel cotton MYB gene, GhMYB108-like responsive to abiotic stresses.
UFLC-PDA-MS/MS Profiling of Seven Uncaria Species Integrated with Melatonin/5-Hydroxytryptamine Receptors Agonistic Assay.
Effects of Soil Amendments on Microbial Activities in a Typical Cd-Contaminated Purple Field Soil, Southwestern China.
Aromatization of natural products by a specialized detoxification enzyme.
Avian form and function.
Enzymes immobilization onto magnetic nanoparticles to improve industrial and environmental applications.
Participatory ethnobotany and conservation: a methodological case study conducted with quilombola communities in Brazil \' s Atlantic Forest.
Phytoconstituents of an ethanolic pod extract of Prosopis cineraria triggers the inhibition of HMG-CoA reductase and the regression of atherosclerotic plaque in hypercholesterolemic rabbits.
The potential impact of climate change on the transmission risk of tick-borne encephalitis in Hungary.
Biodegradation of endocrine disruptor Bisphenol A by Pseudomonas putida strain YC-AE1 isolated from polluted soil, Guangdong, China.
Phytohormones regulate convergent and divergent responses between individual and combined drought and pathogen infection.
Apoptotic induction and anti-metastatic activity of eugenol encapsulated chitosan nanopolymer on rat glioma C6 cells via alleviating the MMP signaling pathway.
The influence of light quality on the production of bioactive metabolites - verbascoside, isoverbascoside and phenolic acids and the content of photosynthetic pigments in biomass of Verbena officinalis L. cultured in vitro.
Novel modified leucine and phenylalanine dipeptides modulate viability and attachment of cancer cells.
Reponses of litter, organic and mineral soil enzyme kinetics to 6 years of canopy and understory nitrogen additions in a temperate forest.
North American Douglas-fir (P. menziesii) in Europe: establishment and reproduction within new geographic space without consequences for its genetic diversity.
Role of sepiolite for cadmium (Cd) polluted soil restoration and spinach growth in wastewater irrigated agricultural soil.
Investigation of the interaction of DAD1-LIKE LIPASE 3 (DALL3) with Selenium Binding Protein 1 (SBP1) in Arabidopsis thaliana.
A new sesquiterpenoid and further natural products from Taraxacum portentosum Kirschner &amp; Stepanek, an endangered species.
Methane production and estimation from livestock husbandry: A mechanistic understanding and emerging mitigation options.
Mechanisms of water regime effects on uptake of cadmium and nitrate by two ecotypes of water spinach (Ipomoea aquatica Forsk.) in contaminated soil.
Nitric oxide is involved in nano-titanium dioxide-induced activation of antioxidant defense system and accumulation of osmolytes under water-deficit stress in Vicia faba L.
ent-Labdane and ent-kaurane diterpenoids from Chelonopsis odontochila with alpha-glucosidase inhibitory activity.
Microbial transformation of diosgenin to diosgenone by Wickerhamomyces anomalus JQ-1 obtained from Naxi traditional Jiu Qu.
One-pot synthesis and molecular docking of some new spiropyranindol-2-one derivatives as immunomodulatory agents and in vitro antimicrobial potential with DNA gyrase inhibitor.
Characterization of PLA-P3,4HB active film incorporated with essential oil: Application in peach preservation.
Responses of tropical tree species to urban air pollutants: ROS/RNS formation and scavenging.
Genetic and chemical diversity of the toxic herb Jacobaea vulgaris Gaertn. (syn. Senecio jacobaea L.) in Northern Germany.
Enumeration of various Ayurvedic formulations listed in an ancient palm-leaf manuscript of Rayalaseema region in Andhra Pradesh state, India.
Anti-metastatic properties of a potent herbal combination in cell and mice models of triple negative breast cancer.
Warming counteracts defoliation-induced mismatch by increasing herbivore-plant phenological synchrony.
Focusing on DNA Repair and Damage Tolerance mechanisms in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: an Emerging Therapeutic Theme.
A vector-enzymatic DNA fragment amplification-expression technology for construction of artificial, concatemeric DNA, RNA and proteins for novel biomaterials, biomedical and industrial applications.
The SrWRKY71 transcription factor negatively regulates SrUGT76G1 expression in Stevia rebaudiana.
Share the wealth: trees with greater ectomycorrhizal species overlap share more carbon.
ETAPOD: A forecast model for prediction of black pod disease outbreak in Nigeria.
FIT, a regulatory hub for iron deficiency and stress signaling in roots, and FIT-dependent and -independent gene signatures.
Population Differentiation and Demographic History of the Cycas taiwaniana Complex (Cycadaceae) Endemic to South China as Indicated by DNA Sequences and Microsatellite Markers.
Imbalanced Regulation of Fungal Nutrient Transports According to Phosphate Availability in a Symbiocosm Formed by Poplar, Sorghum, and Rhizophagus irregularis.
Target Capture Sequencing Unravels Rubus Evolution.
Comparative Genomic Analysis of Soil Dwelling Bacteria Utilizing a Combinational Codon Usage and Molecular Phylogenetic Approach Accentuating on Key Housekeeping Genes.
The Compositionally Distinct Cyanobacterial Biocrusts From Brazilian Savanna and Their Environmental Drivers of Community Diversity.
Identification of non-alkaloid natural compounds of Angelica purpurascens (Ave-Lall.) Gilli. (Apiaceae) with cholinesterase and carbonic anhydrase inhibition potential.
Chemical composition, antioxidant and antimicrobial activities of Himalayan Fraxinus micrantha Lingelsh leaf extract.
High-throughput retrotransposon-based genetic diversity of maize germplasm assessment and analysis.
Genome size analysis of field grown and somatic embryo regenerated plants in Allium sativum L.
Controlled sampling of ribosomally active protistan diversity in sediment-surface layers identifies putative players in the marine carbon sink.
Complete Genome Sequence of Lactobacillus plantarum Strain JDARSH, Isolated from Sheep Milk.
Correction to: Common ancestry of heterodimerizing TALE homeobox transcription factors across Metazoa and Archaeplastida.
Anticancer and genotoxicity effect of (Clausena lansium (Lour.) Skeels) Peel ZnONPs on neuroblastoma (SH-SY5Y) cells through the modulation of autophagy mechanism.
Biochemical pathway of benzyl nitrile derived from L-phenylalanine in tea (Camellia sinensis) and its formation in response to postharvest stresses.
Chitosan, starch, polyaniline and polypyrrole biocomposite with sugarcane bagasse for the efficient removal of Acid Black dye.
Response surface optimization of prodigiosin production by phthalate degrading Achromobacter denitrificans SP1 and exploring its antibacterial activity.
Silicon and nitric oxide-mediated mechanisms of cadmium toxicity alleviation in wheat seedlings.
Photeroids A and B, unique phenol-sesquiterpene meroterpenoids from the deep-sea-derived fungus Phomopsis tersa.
Extensive chromosomal rearrangements and rapid evolution of novel effector superfamilies contribute to host adaptation and speciation in the basal ascomycetous fungi.
The need for clean air: the way air pollution and climate change affect allergic rhinitis and asthma.
Araucarioid wood from the late Oligocene-early Miocene of Hainan Island: first fossil evidence for the genus Agathis in the Northern Hemisphere.
Transcriptional patterns of Coffea arabica L. nitrate reductase, glutamine and asparagine synthetase genes are modulated under nitrogen suppression and coffee leaf rust.
Ethnopharmacology, Phytochemistry, and Pharmacology of the Genus Glehnia: A Systematic Review.
Antimicrobial compounds isolated from Tropaeolum tuberosum.
Colonization of endophyte Acremonium sp. D212 in Panax notoginseng and rice mediated by auxin and jasmonic acid.
Bacopa monnieri (L.) Pennell, a potential plant species for degradation of textile azo dyes.
Ancestral segmental duplication in Solanaceae is responsible for the origin of CRCa-CRCb paralogues in the family.
Comparative Analyses of Vertebrate Gut Microbiomes Reveal Convergence between Birds and Bats.
Neoproterozoic origin and multiple transitions to macroscopic growth in green seaweeds.
Salicylic acid confers resistance against broomrape in tomato through modulation of C and N metabolism.
Characterization and phytostimulatory activity of bacteria isolated from tomato (Lycopersicon esculentum Mill.) rhizosphere.
Production, purification and evaluation of biodegradation potential of PHB depolymerase of Stenotrophomonas sp. RZS7.
Anatomy, micromorphology, and physiochemical analysis of Rhus succedanea var. himalaica root.
Exploring the Potentiality of Natural Products from Essential Oils as Inhibitors of Odorant-Binding Proteins: A Structure- and Ligand-Based Virtual Screening Approach To Find Novel Mosquito Repellents.
Transcriptomic and proteomic data in developing tomato fruit.
Feline disseminated cutaneous phaeohyphomycosis due to Exophiala spinifera.
Application of a sequence-based taxonomic classification method to uncultured and unclassified marine single-stranded RNA viruses in the order Picornavirales.
Genetic diversity in centipedegrass [Eremochloa ophiuroides (Munro) Hack.].
The Dynamic Kaleidoscope of RNA Biology in Plants.
Revision of the Structure of Hypatulone A by NMR, Computations, and Biosynthetic Considerations.
High productivity in hybrid-poplar plantations without isoprene emission to the atmosphere.
Attenuated TOR signaling lengthens circadian period in Arabidopsis.
Antibacterial Activity of Some Flavonoids and Organic Acids Widely Distributed in Plants.
The Impact of Different Cultivation Systems on the Content of Selected Secondary Metabolites and Antioxidant Activity of Carlina acaulis Plant Material.
Mammillaria Species-Polyphenols Studies and Anti-Cancer, Anti-Oxidant, and Anti-Bacterial Activities.
Fatty Acid Composition, Phytochemistry, Antioxidant Activity on Seed Coat and Kernel of Paeonia ostii from Main Geographic Production Areas.
Melatonin and Its Protective Role against Biotic Stress Impacts on Plants.
Benwamycins A-G, Trialkyl-Substituted Benzene Derivatives from a Soil-Derived Streptomyces.
Evaluation of the uterine hormonal control of the bat Artibeus lituratus during the different phases of its reproductive cycle.
BCdatabaser: on-the-fly reference database creation for (meta-)barcoding.
Microscopic investigation of pollen morphology of Brassicaceae from Central Punjab-Pakistan.
Quantitative analysis of lead in cows and buffaloes for health assessment.
Probing the Proteomics Dark Regions by VAILase Cleavage at Aliphatic Amino Acids.
Evolutionary history and genetic diversity of apomictic allopolyploids in Hieracium s.str.: morphological versus genomic features.
Boym \' s "De Indiciis Morborum ex Linguae Coloribus et Affectionibus": The Earliest Chinese Tongue Diagnosis Manual Published in Europe, Identification of Original Chinese Text, Peculiarities of Printed Edition and Its Impact on European Medicine.
Changing Climate Drives Divergent and Nonlinear Shifts in Flowering Phenology across Elevations.
Consciousness Facilitates Plant Behavior.
Diversity of serotypes and new cps loci variants among Streptococcus suis isolates from pigs in Poland and Belarus.
The Effect of Methanolic Valeriana officinalis Root Extract on Adipocyte Differentiation and Adiponectin Production in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes.
Identification, cloning, and immunological studies on a major eggplant (Solanum melongena L.) allergen Sola m 1: A new member of profilin allergen family.
Integrative application of licorice root extract or lipoic acid with fulvic acid improves wheat production and defenses under salt stress conditions.
In vitro antifungal resistance profile of Candida strains isolated from Saudi women suffering from vulvovaginitis.
The Complex Response of Free and Bound Amino Acids to Water Stress During the Seed Setting Stage in Arabidopsis.
Determinants of geographic range size in plants.
Ixodid tick species and two tick-borne pathogens in three areas in the Sudan.
Actinomadura physcomitrii sp. nov., a novel actinomycete isolated from moss [Physcomitrium sphaericum (Ludw) Fuernr].
Airborne fungi spores distribution in various locations in Lagos, Nigeria.
Low temperature synergistically promotes wounding-induced indole accumulation by INDUCER OF CBF EXPRESSION-mediated alterations of jasmonic acid signaling in Camellia sinensis.
Psiloboletinus is an independent genus sister to Suillus.
Development of a nornicotine-reduced flue-cured tobacco line via EMS mutagenesis of nicotine N-demethylase genes.
Extended cognition in plants: is it possible?
Isolation of beta-glucan from Eleusine coracana and its antibiofilm, antidiabetic, antioxidant, and biocompatible activities.
Nuclear Localized O-fucosyltransferase SPY Facilitates PRR5 Proteolysis to Fine-tune the Pace of Arabidopsis Circadian Clock.
Spirostanol and sesquiterpenoid glycosides from the rhizomes of Trillium tschonoskii.
Introduction of Arabidopsis \' s heat shock factor HsfA1d mitigates adverse effects of heat stress on potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) plant.
Occurrence of Salmonella infection and antimicrobial susceptibility for local Salmonella isolates from different sources in a cross-sectional study.
Mountain biodiversity and ecosystem functions: interplay between geology and contemporary environments.
Application of co-composted biochar significantly improved plant-growth relevant physical/chemical properties of a metal contaminated soil.
Inhibition of melanin production and tyrosinase activity by flavonoids isolated from Loranthus acutifolius.
Mycorrhizas for a sustainable world.
Aegilops umbellulata introgression carrying leaf rust and stripe rust resistance genes Lr76 and Yr70 located to 9.47-Mb region on 5DS telomeric end through a combination of chromosome sorting and sequencing.
Influence of Peganum harmala peptides on the transcriptional activity of biofilm related genes in sensitive and resistant strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus.
Ex-vivo abortifacient activity of Androsace foliosa n-hexane leaves extract on isolated rabbit uterus.
Antifungal and anti-aflatoxin efficacy of biogenic silver nanoparticles produced by Aspergillus species: Molecular study.
Embryonic Explant and Plumular Meristem Transformation Methods for Development of Transgenic Pigeon Pea.
Use of a duckweed species, Wolffiella hyalina, for whole-plant observation of physiological behavior at the single-cell level.
Cloning and characterization of a Mimulus lewisii NPR1 gene involved in regulating plant resistance to Rhizoctonia solani.
The Notorious Soilborne Pathogenic Fungus Sclerotinia sclerotiorum: An Update on Genes Studied with Mutant Analysis.
Changes in Ecophysiology, Osmolytes, and Secondary Metabolites of the Medicinal Plants of Mentha piperita and Catharanthus roseus Subjected to Drought and Heat Stress.
Regulation of insecticide toxicity by kinetin in two paddy field cyanobacteria: Physiological and biochemical assessment.
Characterizing fruit ripening in plantain and Cavendish bananas: A proteomics approach.
Synthesis and molecular characterization of chitosan/starch blends based polyurethanes.
TRY plant trait database - enhanced coverage and open access.
Revision of Senegalia in China, and notes on introduced species of Acacia, Acaciella, Senegalia and Vachellia (Leguminosae: Mimosoideae).
Corrigendum to "New indices regarding the dominance and diversity of communities, derived from sample variance and standard deviation" [Heliyon 5 (10) (October 2019) e02606].
Spatial and temporal characteristics of soil conservation service in the area of the upper and middle of the Yellow River, China.
Detection and diversity of maize yellow mosaic virus infecting maize in Nigeria.
Development, characterization, and cross-amplification of 17 microsatellite markers for Filipendula vulgaris.
A protocol for laser microdissection (LMD) followed by transcriptome analysis of plant reproductive tissue in phylogenetically distant angiosperms.
Influence of gold and silver nanoparticles on the germination and growth of Mimusops laurifolia seeds in the South-Western regions in Saudi Arabia.
Neuropharmacological potential of various morphological parts of Camellia sinensis L.
Isolation and characterization of two novel plasmids pCYM01 and pCYM02 of Cylindrospermum stagnale.
Identification and inoculation of fungal strains from Cedrus deodara rhizosphere involve in growth and alleviation of high nitrogen stress.
Interspecific variations in the habitats of Reichardia tingitana (L.) Roth leading to changes in its bioactive constituents and allelopathic activity.
Isolation and screening of Streptomyces sp. Al-Dhabi-49 from the environment of Saudi Arabia with concomitant production of lipase and protease in submerged fermentation.
Antimicrobial activity of certain natural-based plant oils against the antibiotic-resistant acne bacteria.
The down regulation of PTP1B expression and attenuation of disturbed glucose and lipid metabolism using Borassus flabellifer (L) fruit methanol extract in high fat diet and streptozotocin induced diabetic rats.
Effects of 4-CPPU on in vitro multiplication and sustainable generation of Hibiscus rosa-sinensis L.  \' White Butterfly \' .
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi modulates dynamics tolerance expression to mitigate drought stress in Ephedra foliata Boiss.
Molecular identification and diversity analysis of dental bacteria in diabetic and non-diabetic females from Saudi Arabia.
Quantitative trait loci (QTL) mapping for physiological and biochemical attributes in a Pasban90/Frontana recombinant inbred lines (RILs) population of wheat (Triticum aestivum) under salt stress condition.
Analysis of the cuticular wax composition and ecophysiological studies in an arid plant - Ziziphus nummularia (Burm.f.) Wight &amp; Arn.
Minimization of post-harvest sucrose losses in drought affected sugarcane using chemical formulation.
Piriformospora indica promotes cucumber tolerance against Root-knot nematode by modulating photosynthesis and innate responsive genes.
Comparative analysis of cp genome of Fagonia indica growing in desert and its implications in pattern of similarity and variations.
Phytochemical profiling, antioxidant and HepG2 cancer cells \'  antiproliferation potential in the kernels of apricot cultivars.
Ecology of endangered Prunus korshinskyi Hand.-Mazz. in Jabal Al-Lauz, Saudi Arabia: Plant associations, size structure, and nutritional screening.
Analysis of genomic tRNA revealed presence of novel genomic features in cyanobacterial tRNA.
Screening of antibiotic-resistant staphylococci in the nasal cavity of patients and healthy individuals.
Expression and functional analysis of P450 gene induced tolerance/resistance to lambda-cyhalothrin in quercetin fed larvae of beet armyworm Spodoptera exigua (Hubner).
Effects of ozone on cell organelles of alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.) seedlings.
Ecological significance of floristic composition and life forms of Riyadh region, Central Saudi Arabia.
Cell polarity: regulators and mechanisms in plants.
Characterization of phenolic compounds in two novel lines of Pisum sativum L. along with their in vitro antioxidant potential.
Bio-active sesquiterpenoids and norsesquiternoids from the Red Sea octocoral Rhytisma fulvum fulvum.
Biosynthesized ZnO-NPs from Morus indica Attenuates Methylglyoxal-Induced Protein Glycation and RBC Damage: In-Vitro, In-Vivo and Molecular Docking Study.
The Impact of Drought Stress on Antioxidant Responses and Accumulation of Flavonolignans in Milk Thistle (Silybum marianum (L.) Gaertn).
Influence of Exogenous Salicylic Acid and Nitric Oxide on Growth, Photosynthesis, and Ascorbate-Glutathione Cycle in Salt Stressed Vigna angularis.
Plant Growth-Promoting Fungi (PGPF) Instigate Plant Growth and Induce Disease Resistance in Capsicum annuum L. upon Infection with Colletotrichum capsici (Syd.) Butler &amp; Bisby.
Potential of Karrikins as Novel Plant Growth Regulators in Agriculture.
Consumption of Terpenoids-Rich Padina pavonia Extract Attenuates Hyperglycemia, Insulin Resistance and Oxidative Stress, and Upregulates PPARgamma in a Rat Model of Type 2 Diabetes.
Anti-biofilm investigation of graphene/chitosan nanocomposites against biofilm producing P. aeruginosa and K. pneumoniae.
Multifunctional cellulose nanocrystal /metal oxide hybrid, photo-degradation, antibacterial and larvicidal activities.
Biogenic mediated Ag/ZnO nanocomposites for photocatalytic and antibacterial activities towards disinfection of water.
Metabolic profiling of tyrosine kinase inhibitor nintedanib using metabolomics.
Methane-induced lateral root formation requires the participation of nitric oxide signaling.
Challenges, gaps and opportunities in investigating the interactions of ozone pollution and plant ecosystems.
Arsenic and arsenic speciation in mushrooms from China: A review.
Amoebicidal activity of benzothiazole on Acanthamoeba castellanii cysts and trophozoites and its cytotoxic potentials.
From dangerous branches to urban banyan: Facilitating aerial root growth of Ficus rubiginosa.
Community weighted mean trait data of Italian forest understories.
Nephroprotective Role of Beta vulgaris L. Root Extract against Chlorpyrifos-Induced Renal Injury in Rats.
Disentangling phylogenetic and functional components of shape variation among shoot apical meristems of a wide range of herbaceous angiosperms.
[The use of herbal remedies prior to elective surgical procedures at an urban hospital and a university clinic in Hungary. Descriptive study].
Biosynthesis of gold nanoparticles using Vetex negundo and evaluation of pro-apoptotic effect on human gastric cancer cell lines.
Ocean acidification affects biological activities of seaweeds: A case study of Sargassum vulgare from Ischia volcanic CO2 vents.
The Arabidopsis Receptor Kinase IRK Is Polarized and Represses Specific Cell Divisions in Roots.
Shape matters: the pitfalls of analyzing mesophyll anatomy.
Character Displacement drives floral variation in Pelargonium (Geraniaceae) communities.
SWI3B and HDA6 Interact and Are Required for Transposon Silencing in Arabidopsis.
A blessing for the Yangtze River: optimization of Chinese regional policy planning for water yield and purification in the Three Gorges Reservoir Area.
Desert crossing strategies of migrant songbirds vary between and within species.
A novel Arabidopsis pathosystem reveals cooperation of multiple hormonal response-pathways in host resistance against the global crop destroyer Macrophomina phaseolina.
Molecular Characterization of a Fungal Cyclophilin Allergen Rhi o 2 and Elucidation of Antigenic Determinants Responsible for IgE-Cross reactivity.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of novel 3-benzylcoumarin-imidazolium salts.
Cangumycins A-F, six new angucyclinone analogues with immunosuppressive activity from Streptomyces.
Structural determination of eleven new preschisanartane-type schinortriterpenoids from two Schisandra species and structural revision of preschisanartanin J using NMR computation method.
Four new sesquiterpene derivatives from Dendrobium findlayanum.
Leucosceptroid B from glandular trichomes of Leucosceptrum canum reduces fat accumulation in Caenorhabditis elegans through suppressing unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis.
Chemical constituents and biological activities of lycophytes and ferns.
Effect of Indigenous and Introduced Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi on Growth and Phytochemical Content of Vegetatively Propagated Prunus Africana (Hook. f.) Kalkman Provenances.
Promising 2,6,9-Trisubstituted Purine Derivatives for Anticancer Compounds: Synthesis, 3D-QSAR, and Preliminary Biological Assays.
Real-Time Optical Detection of Isoleucine in Living Cells through a Genetically-Encoded Nanosensor.
Robinia pseudoacacia-dominated vegetation types of Southern Europe: Species composition, history, distribution and management.
Fibroblast growth factor 21; review on its participation in vascular calcification pathology.
Diversity, Virulence Factors, and Antifungal Susceptibility Patterns of Pathogenic and Opportunistic Yeast Species in Rock Pigeon (Columba livia) Fecal Droppings in Western Saudi Arabia.
Genome-wide mRNA profiling identifies RCAN1 and GADD45A as regulators of the transitional switch from pro-survival to apoptosis during ER stress.
Molecular characterization of Chickpea chlorotic dwarf virus strain D in Chickpea (Cicer arietinum) from District Dera Ismail Khan Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
Environmentally relevant bisphenol A concentrations effects on the seagrass Cymodocea nodosa different parts elongation: perceptive assessors of toxicity.
Mobility and localization of the iron deficiency-induced transcription factor bHLH039 change in the presence of FIT.
Metagenome sequencing of fingermillet-associated microbial consortia provides insights into structural and functional diversity of endophytes.
Additions to Chaetothyriaceae (Chaetothyriales): Longihyalospora gen. nov. and Ceramothyrium longivolcaniforme, a new host record from decaying leaves of Ficus ampelas.
[Initial Clinical Experience of the Herbal Medicine Inchinkoto for Refractory Hyperbilirubinemia Following Open-heart Surgery].
Uncovering the functional residues of Arabidopsis isoprenoid biosynthesis enzyme HDS.
Transcriptome analysis of Pueraria candollei var. mirifica for gene discovery in the biosyntheses of isoflavones and miroestrol.
Transcriptome analysis of the fungal pathogen Rosellinia necatrix during infection of a susceptible avocado rootstock identifies potential mechanisms of pathogenesis.
Comparative physiological, metabolomic, and transcriptomic analyses reveal developmental stage-dependent effects of cluster bagging on phenolic metabolism in Cabernet Sauvignon grape berries.
Petra/Osiris/Molinspiration and Molecular Docking Analyses of 3-Hydroxy-Indolin-2-one Derivatives as Potential Antiviral Agents.
(-)-O-Methylcubebin from Vitex trifolia Enhanced Adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 Cells via the Inhibition of ERK1/2 and p38MAPK Phosphorylation.
Tomato RNA-seq Data Mining Reveals the Taxonomic and Functional Diversity of Root-Associated Microbiota.
Effects of Substrate-Binding Site Residues on the Biochemical Properties of a Tau Class Glutathione S-Transferase from Oryza sativa.
Attenuation of STAT3 Signaling Cascade by Daidzin Can Enhance the Apoptotic Potential of Bortezomib against Multiple Myeloma.
Zero Intercalary Plates in Parvodinium (Peridiniopsidaceae, Peridiniales) and Phylogenetics of P. elpatiewskyi, comb. nov.
Terminalia bellirica extract induces anticancer activity through modulation of apoptosis and autophagy in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
MYC2, MYC3, and MYC4 function additively in wounding-induced jasmonic acid biosynthesis and catabolism.
Chamuangone from Garcinia cowa leaves inhibits cell proliferation and migration and induces cell apoptosis in human cervical cancer in vitro.
Genome size, chromosome number determination, and analysis of the repetitive elements in Cissus quadrangularis.
Effects of Simulated Gravel on Hydraulic Characteristics of Overland Flow Under Varying Flow Discharges, Slope Gradients and Gravel Coverage Degrees.
Genome-wide identification, phylogeny, and expression analysis of the SBP-box gene family in Euphorbiaceae.
JCDB: a comprehensive knowledge base for Jatropha curcas, an emerging model for woody energy plants.
Moulds and their secondary metabolites associated with the fermentation and storage of two cocoa bean hybrids in Nigeria.
Antitumor effect of exopolysaccharide produced by Bacillus mycoides.
Q-SNARE protein FgSyn8 plays important role in growth, DON production and pathogenicity of Fusarium graminearum.
Effect of cysteine peptidase inhibitor of Eudiplozoon nipponicum (Monogenea) on cytokine expression of macrophages in vitro.
Oligomers of carrageenan regulate functional activities and artemisinin production in Artemisia annua L. exposed to arsenic stress.
Active dispersion, habitat requirements and human biting behaviour of the invasive mosquito Aedes japonicus japonicus (Theobald, 1901) in Hungary.
Erratum: Author Correction: Modularity increases rate of floral evolution and adaptive success for functionally specialized pollination systems.
Dirichlet-multinomial modelling outperforms alternatives for analysis of microbiome and other ecological count data.
Gene transfer across species boundaries in bryophytes: evidence from major life cycle stages in Homalothecium lutescens and H. sericeum.
[Decipherment of herb medicine Nanwuweizi and Wuweizi in Chinese ancient literature].
[Research progress in molecular pharmacognosy of Pogostemon cablin].
Does the leaf economic spectrum hold within plant functional types? A Bayesian multivariate trait meta-analysis.
Regulation of L-proline biosynthesis, signal transduction, transport, accumulation and its vital role in plants during variable environmental conditions.
Protective role of Moringa oleifera leaf extract on cardiac antioxidant status and lipid peroxidation in streptozotocin induced diabetic rats.
Modularity increases rate of floral evolution and adaptive success for functionally specialized pollination systems.
Phylogenetic structure and formation mechanism of shrub communities in arid and semiarid areas of the Mongolian Plateau.
Silhouette width using generalized mean-A flexible method for assessing clustering efficiency.
Exploring the phytochemical profile of Cytinus hypocistis (L.) L. as a source of health-promoting biomolecules behind its in vitro bioactive and enzyme inhibitory properties.
Improvisation of salinity stress response in mung bean through solid matrix priming with normal and nano-sized chitosan.
Raft-forming gastro-retentive formulations based on Centella asiatica extract-solid dispersions for gastric ulcer treatment.
Evaluation of multidrug-resistant Bacillus strains causing public health risks in powdered infant milk formulas.
Assessment of chitosan biopolymer encapsulated alpha-Terpineol against fungal, aflatoxin B1 (AFB1) and free radicals mediated deterioration of stored maize and possible mode of action.
Structural and functional relationships between plasmodesmata and plant endoplasmic reticulum-plasma membrane contact sites consisting of three synaptotagmins.
What nature separated, and human joined together: About a spontaneous hybridization between two allopatric dogwood species (Cornus controversa and C. alternifolia).
[Effect of application of herbal medicine paste to "Tianshu" (ST25)on intestinal mobility and expression of vasoactive intestinal peptide and substance P in colonic myenteric plexus in rats with functional constipation].
Chemical Composition and Antioxidant Activity of Essential Oils and Hexane Extract of Onopordum arenarium from Tunisia.
Impact and Role of Bacterial Communities on Biocorrosion of Metals Used in the Processing Industry.
Editorial focus: understanding off-target effects as the key to successful RNAi therapy.
The Landscape Genetic Signature of Pollination by Trapliners: Evidence From the Tropical Herb, Heliconia tortuosa.
Comparison of Microgravity Analogs to Spaceflight in Studies of Plant Growth and Development.
Cell Death in Evolutionary Transitions in Individuality.
Seasonal drivers of understorey temperature buffering in temperate deciduous forests across Europe.
Morphology and secondary chemistry in species recognition of Parmelia omphalodes group - evidence from molecular data with notes on the ecological niche modelling and genetic variability of photobionts.
A novel sequestrate species from Mexico: Aroramyces guanajuatensis sp. nov. (Hysterangiaceae, Hysterangiales).
Two new species of Phyllanthus (Phyllanthaceae) from Thailand.
Linum aksehirense (sect. Dasylinum, Linaceae), a new species from Central Anatolia (Turkey).
Systematics and relationships of Tryssophyton (Melastomataceae), with a second species from the Pakaraima Mountains of Guyana.
Plasma Membrane Domain Patterning and Self-Reinforcing Polarity in Arabidopsis.
Enriched pressmud vermicompost production with green manure plants using Eudrilus eugeniae.
Atmospheric deposition of hazardous elements and its accumulation in both soil and grain of winter wheat in a lead-zinc smelter contaminated area, Central China.
Maize roots and shoots show distinct profiles of oxidative stress and antioxidant defense under heavy metal toxicity.
Biosynthesis and regulation of salicylic acid and N-hydroxypipecolic acid in plant immunity.
Controlling invasive Argentine ants, Linepithema humile, in conservation areas using horizontal insecticide transfer.
AtMOB1 genes regulate jasmonate accumulation and plant development.
Environmental antibiotics drives the genetic functions of resistome dynamics.
Looking into dental pulp stem cells in the therapy of photoreceptors and retinal degenerative disorders.
HOTAIRM1 lncRNA is downregulated in clear cell renal cell carcinoma and inhibits the hypoxia pathway.
Gamma rays induced acquisition of structural modification in chitosan boosts photosynthetic machinery, enzymatic activities and essential oil production in citronella grass (Cymbopogon winterianus Jowitt).
New aromatic 6-substituted 2 \' -deoxy-9-(beta)-d-ribofuranosylpurine derivatives as potential plant growth regulators.
De-Esterified Homogalacturonan Enrichment of the Cell Wall Region Adjoining the Preprophase Cortical Cytoplasmic Zone in Some Protodermal Cell Types of Three Land Plants.
The Molecular Mechanisms Underlying Iron Deficiency Responses in Rice.
"Salicylic Acid Mutant Collection" as a Tool to Explore the Role of Salicylic Acid in Regulation of Plant Growth under a Changing Environment.
Transcriptomic Analysis of Dark-Induced Senescence in Bermudagrass (Cynodon dactylon).
Ingenious floral structure drives explosive pollination in Hydrilla verticillata (Hydrocharitaceae).
Propagating ice front induces gas bursts and ultrasonic acoustic emissions from freezing xylem.
Common gardens in teosintes reveal the establishment of a syndrome of adaptation to altitude.
Exploring Aporphine as Anti-inflammatory and Analgesic Lead from Dactylicapnos scandens.
Tree growth influenced by warming winter climate and summer moisture availability in northern temperate forests.
Auxin-Induced Actin Cytoskeleton Rearrangements Require AUX1.
Insights into acetate-mediated copper homeostasis and antioxidant defense in lentil under excessive copper stress.
Yellow-coated quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa Willd) - physicochemical, nutritional, and antioxidant properties.
Fungal P450 monooxygenases - the diversity in catalysis and their promising roles in biocontrol activity.
Author Correction: From taxonomic deflation to newly detected cryptic species: Hidden diversity in a widespread African squeaker catfish.
RNA-seq, de novo transcriptome assembly and flavonoid gene analysis in 13 wild and cultivated berry fruit species with high content of phenolics.
Variation in plastid genomes in the gynodioecious species Silene vulgaris.
A multivariate analysis of comparative effects of heavy metals on cellular biomarkers of phytoremediation using Brassica oleracea.
The effect of gut passage by waterbirds on the seed coat and pericarp of diaspores lacking "external flesh": Evidence for widespread adaptation to endozoochory in angiosperms.
Metabolic responses of wheat seedlings to osmotic stress induced by various osmolytes under iso-osmotic conditions.
Silver nanoparticle toxicity effect on the seagrass Halophila stipulacea.
Structural features of the diatom photosystem II-light-harvesting antenna complex.
Advancing Our Functional Understanding of Host-Microbiota Interactions: A Need for New Types of Studies.
Host-parasite interaction during subepidermal sporulation and pustule opening in rust fungi (Pucciniales).
Calanus oil in the treatment of obesity-related low-grade inflammation, insulin resistance, and atherosclerosis.
The water lily genome and the early evolution of flowering plants.
Flow cytometric characterisation of the complex polyploid genome of Saccharum officinarum and modern sugarcane cultivars.
The evolutionary history of the sucrose synthase gene family in higher plants.
A MYB-related transcription factor from sheepgrass, LcMYB2, promotes seed germination and root growth under drought stress.
Sequencing and Analyzing the Transcriptomes of a Thousand Species Across the Tree of Life for Green Plants.
Over-accumulation of abscisic acid in transgenic tomato plants increases the risk of hydraulic failure.
New Perspectives on Plant Adenylyl Cyclases.
A Phylogenomic Analysis of the Floral Transcriptomes of Sexually Deceptive and Rewarding European Orchids, Ophrys and Gymnadenia.
Genome-Wide Association Mapping for Agronomic and Seed Quality Traits of Field Pea (Pisum sativum L.).
Comparative Performance of Spectral Reflectance Indices and Multivariate Modeling for Assessing Agronomic Parameters in Advanced Spring Wheat Lines Under Two Contrasting Irrigation Regimes.
Dual Mode of the Saponin Aescin in Plant Protection: Antifungal Agent and Plant Defense Elicitor.
Pu-Erh Tea Relaxes the Thoracic Aorta of Rats by Reducing Intracellular Calcium.
Taxonomic studies on the Chara section Hartmania in Poland based on morphological and molecular data.
Silene sunhangii (Caryophyllaceae), a new species from China.
Snagfall the first decade after severe bark beetle infestation of high-elevation forests in Colorado, USA.
A review on the recent advances in HPLC, UHPLC and UPLC analyses of naturally occurring cannabinoids (2010-2019).
Untargeted metabolomic profiling of three Crataegus species (Hawthorn) and their in vitro biological activities.
Copper-induced oxidative stress, initiation of antioxidants and phytoremediation potential of flax (Linum usitatissimum L.) seedlings grown under the mixing of two different soils of China.
Ethnopharmacological Potentials of Warburgia ugandensis on Antimicrobial Activities.
RADICLELESS 1 (RL1)-mediated nad4 intron 1 splicing is crucial for embryo and endosperm development in rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Skim-Sequencing Reveals the Likely Origin of the Enigmatic Endangered Sunflower Helianthus schweinitzii.
Ascorbic Acid-The Little-Known Antioxidant in Woody Plants.
Ecology of West Nile Virus in the Danube Delta, Romania: Phylogeography, Xenosurveillance and Mosquito Host-Feeding Patterns.
The IkappaB Kinase Inhibitor ACHP Targets the STAT3 Signaling Pathway in Human Non-Small Cell Lung Carcinoma Cells.
A screening of select toxic and essential elements and persistent organic pollutants in the fur of Svalbard reindeer.
Production, optimization, purification, characterization, and anti-cancer application of extracellular L-glutaminase produced from the marine bacterial isolate.
Comparative plastome analysis of root- and stem-feeding parasites of Santalales untangle the footprints of feeding mode and lifestyle transitions.
Imaging spectroscopy reveals the effects of topography and logging on the leaf chemistry of tropical forest canopy trees.
Anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities of fractions and compound from Ricinodendron heudelotii (Baill.).
Rising CO2 drives divergence in water use efficiency of evergreen and deciduous plants.
Fossil fern rhizomes as a model system for exploring epiphyte community structure across geologic time: evidence from Patagonia.
Effects of salinity on photosynthetic traits, ion homeostasis and nitrogen metabolism in wild and cultivated soybean.
New Insights in Potato Leaf Freezing by Infrared Thermography.
tealeaves: an R package for modelling leaf temperature using energy budgets.
Revisiting the origin of octoploid strawberry.
Positive associations among rare species and their persistence in ecological assemblages.
Geographically divergent evolutionary and ecological legacies shape mammal biodiversity in the global tropics and subtropics.
Human activities have opposing effects on distributions of narrow-ranged and widespread plant species in China.
Statistical optimization and characterization of a biocellulose produced by local Egyptian isolate Komagataeibacter hansenii AS.5.
Gold nanoparticles synthesised by flavonoid tricetin as a potential antibacterial nanomedicine to treat respiratory infections causing opportunistic bacterial pathogens.
Differential responses of two cyanobacterial species to R-metalaxyl toxicity: Growth, photosynthesis and antioxidant analyses.
Comparative Evaluation of the Nutritive, Mineral, and Antinutritive Composition of Musa sinensis L. (Banana) and Musa paradisiaca L. (Plantain) Fruit Compartments.
Assessment of Subcellular ROS and NO Metabolism in Higher Plants: Multifunctional Signaling Molecules.
Understanding the Environmental Background of an Invasive Plant Species (Asclepias syriaca) for the Future: An Application of LUCAS Field Photographs and Machine Learning Algorithm Methods.
Using museum pelt collections to generate pollen prints from high-risk regions: A new palynological forensic strategy for geolocation.
Comparative in silico analysis of ftsZ gene from different bacteria reveals the preference for core set of codons in coding sequence structuring and secondary structural elements determination.
Genetic diversity and biocontrol efficacy of indigenous Trichoderma isolates against Fusarium wilt of pepper.
Chemical composition of volatiles of eight Geranium L. species from Vlasina plateau (South Eastern Serbia).
Plant functional trait response to environmental drivers across European temperate forest understorey communities.
Indian Morinda species: A review.
Hydrothermal sensitivities of seed populations underlie fluctuations of dormancy states in an annual plant community.
Ziziphus spina-christi leaf extract attenuates mercury chloride-induced testicular dysfunction in rats.
Contrasting root traits and native regulation of aquaporin differentially determine the outcome of overexpressing a single aquaporin (OsPIP2;4) in two rice cultivars.
Phylogenetic distribution and structural analyses of cyanobacterial glutaredoxins (Grxs).
Modifications during Early Plant Development Promote the Evolution of Nature \' s Most Complex Woods.
Organic carbon accumulation in the glacier forelands with regard to variability of environmental conditions in different ecogenesis stages of High Arctic ecosystems.
Polycyclic polyprenylated acylphloroglucinol derivatives with neuroprotective effects from Hypericum monogynum.
Interactive effects of polyamines and arbuscular mycorrhiza in modulating plant biomass, N2 fixation, ureide, and trehalose metabolism in Cajanus cajan (L.) Millsp. genotypes under nickel stress.
Combined effects of brassinosteroid and kinetin mitigates salinity stress in tomato through the modulation of antioxidant and osmolyte metabolism.
The Chromosome-based Rubber Tree Genome Provides New Insights into Spurge Genome Evolution and Rubber Biosynthesis.
Habitat extremity and conservation management stabilise endangered calcareous fens in a changing world.
Molecular differences between water column and sediment pore water SPE-DOM in ten Swedish boreal lakes.
Effect of UV-B priming on the abiotic stress tolerance of stress-sensitive rice seedlings: Priming imprints and cross-tolerance.
The role of endogenous nitric oxide in salicylic acid-induced up-regulation of ascorbate-glutathione cycle involved in salinity tolerance of pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) plants.
Utilisation of Rhododendron luteum Sweet bioactive compounds as valuable source of enzymes inhibitors, antioxidant, and anticancer agents.
Reptodigitus chapmanii (Nostocales, Hapalosiphonaceae) gen. nov.: a unique Nostocalean (Cyanobacteria) genus based on a polyphasic approach.
The modulation of ion homeostasis by silicon in cadmium treated poplar callus cells.
Antiquorum sensing and antibiofilm potential of biosynthesized silver nanoparticles of Myristica fragrans seed extract against MDR Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi isolates from asymptomatic typhoid carriers and typhoid patients.
Influence of reflective foil on persimmon (Diospyros kaki Thunb.) fruit peel colour and selected bioactive compounds.
Reactive oxygen species detection-approaches in plants: insights into genetically encoded FRET-based sensors.
Corticoid-like anti-inflammatory effect of Vochysia bifalcata Warm.: Preclinical evidence of efficacy and safety.
Seed Pretreatment and Foliar Application of Proline Regulate Morphological, Physio-Biochemical Processes and Activity of Antioxidant Enzymes in Plants of Two Cultivars of Quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa Willd.).
An Exploration of Common Greenhouse Gas Emissions by the Cyanobiont of the Azolla-Nostoc Symbiosis and Clues as to Nod Factors in Cyanobacteria.
Brassinosteroids Induce Strong, Dose-Dependent Inhibition of Etiolated Pea Seedling Growth Correlated with Ethylene Production.
Core/shell nanoparticles: Synthesis, investigation of antimicrobial potential and photocatalytic degradation of Rhodamine B.
Esterase is a powerful tool for the biodegradation of pyrethroid insecticides.
Structure and Conformation of Zosteraphenols, Tetracyclic Diarylheptanoids from the Seagrass Zostera marina: An NMR and DFT Study.
An ectomycorrhizal fungus alters sensitivity to jasmonate, salicylate, gibberellin, and ethylene in host roots.
[Effect of different levels of elevated CO2 concentration on leaf chlorophyll fluorescence cha-racteristics of Japonica rice].
"Whole" vs. "Fragmented" approach to EAACI Pollen Season Definitions: A Multicenter Study in Six Southern European Cities.
Developmental trap or demographic bonanza? Opposing consequences of earlier phenology in a changing climate for a multivoltine butterfly.
Ecophysiological features of polar soil unicellular micro-algae.
The potential of elm trees (Ulmus glabra Huds.) for the phytostabilisation of potentially toxic elements in the riparian zone of the Sava River.
Impact of Seasonal and Temperature-Dependent Variation in Root Defense Metabolites on Herbivore Preference in Taraxacum officinale.
Determination of genome size variations among different date palm cultivars (Phoenix dactylifera L.) by flow cytometry.
Precipitation and nitrogen addition enhance biomass allocation to aboveground in an alpine steppe.
Measuring the success of climate change adaptation and mitigation in terrestrial ecosystems.
Pervasive human-driven decline of life on Earth points to the need for transformative change.
Implications of afforestation vs. secondary succession for soil properties under a semiarid climate.
The in vivo impact of MsLAC1, a Miscanthus laccase isoform, on lignification and lignin composition contrasts with its in vitro substrate preference.
Insights into the tolerance and phytoremediation potential of Coronopus didymus L. (Sm) grown under zinc stress.
beta-glucan extracted from eukaryotic single-celled microorganism Saccharomyces cerevisiae: Dietary supplementation and enhanced ammonia stress tolerance on Oreochromis mossambicus.
Construction and characterization of protein-based cysteine nanosensor for the real time measurement of cysteine level in living cells.
Therapeutic potential of medicinal plants for the management of Scabies.
Proteomic and metabolomic profiling underlines the stage- and time-dependent effects of high temperature on grape berry metabolism.
Plant leaves for wrapping zongzi in China: an ethnobotanical study.
Genome-wide association study identifies SNP markers associated with mycelial growth at 15, 20 and 25  C, mefenoxam resistance and mating type in Phytophthora infestans.
A DeoR-type transcription regulator is required for sugar-induced expression of type III secretion-encoding genes in Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000.
Detoxification of Plant Aromatic Abietanoids via Cleavage of the Benzene Ring into 11,12-Seco-diterpene Polyenes by a Specialist Insect of Leucosceptrum canum.
Accumulation of trace elements in Tussilago farfara colonizing post-flotation tailing sites in Serbia.
Effect of temperature on growth, gene expression, and aflatoxin production by Aspergillus nomius isolated from Brazil nuts.
Biomonitoring by epiphytic lichen species-Pyxine cocoes (Sw.) Nyl.: understanding characteristics of trace metal in ambient air of different landuses in mid-Brahmaputra Valley.
Conversion of Cytochrome P450 2D6 of Human Into a FRET-Based Tool for Real-Time Monitoring of Ajmalicine in Living Cells.
Ziziphus spina-christi Leaf Extract Suppressed Mercury Chloride-Induced Nephrotoxicity via Nrf2-Antioxidant Pathway Activation and Inhibition of Inflammatory and Apoptotic Signaling.
Non-invasive diagnosis of viability in seeds and lichens by infrared thermography under controlled environmental conditions.
Evaluation of the Bioactivities of Rumex crispus L. Leaves and Root Extracts Using Toxicity, Antimicrobial, and Antiparasitic Assays.
Antioxidant, Anticancer Activity and Phytochemical Analysis of Green Algae, Chaetomorpha Collected from the Arabian Gulf.
Performance of tropical forest seedlings under shade and drought: an interspecific trade-off in demographic responses.
Fusarium xyrophilum, sp. nov., a member of the Fusarium fujikuroi species complex recovered from pseudoflowers on yellow-eyed grass (Xyris spp.) from Guyana.
Host tree organ is the primary driver of endophytic fungal community structure in a hemiboreal forest.
Unlocking the Genetic Diversity and Population Structure of a Wild Gene Source of Wheat, Aegilops biuncialis Vis., and Its Relationship With the Heading Time.
Unraveling Shade Tolerance and Plasticity of Semi-Evergreen Oaks: Insights From Maritime Forest Live Oak Restoration.
Chromosome Painting Facilitates Anchoring Reference Genome Sequence to Chromosomes In Situ and Integrated Karyotyping in Banana (Musa Spp.).
Camellia debaoensis (Theaceae), a new species of yellow camellia from limestone karsts in southwestern China.
The importance of herbal medicine use in the German health-care system: prevalence, usage pattern, and influencing factors.
Exposure to respirable and fine dust particle over North-Central India: chemical characterization, source interpretation, and health risk analysis.
The impact of the Gabcikovo hydroelectric power barrier on the Danube floodplain environment-the results of long-term monitoring of land snail fauna.
Effects of methyl jasmonate on the growth and triterpenoid production of diploid and tetraploid Centella asiatica (L.) Urb. hairy root cultures.
In vivo pressure gradient heterogeneity increases flow contribution of small diameter vessels in grapevine.
Interaction Between Induced and Natural Variation at oil yellow1 Delays Reproductive Maturity in Maize.
Sodium nitroprusside (SNP) improves tolerance to arsenic (As) toxicity in Vicia faba through the modifications of biochemical attributes, antioxidants, ascorbate-glutathione cycle and glyoxalase cycle.
Spatio-temporal formation of the genetic diversity in the Mediterranean dwelling lichen during the Neogene and Quaternary epochs.
Decreased photosystem II activity facilitates acclimation to fluctuating light in the understory plant Paris polyphylla.
Genome-wide sequence information reveals recurrent hybridization among diploid wheat wild relatives.
C, N, and P stoichiometry and their interaction with different plant communities and soils in subtropical riparian wetlands.
In-Silico Evaluation of a New Gene From Wheat Reveals the Divergent Evolution of the CAP160 Homologous Genes Into Monocots.
Effector gene silencing mediated by histone methylation underpins host adaptation in an oomycete plant pathogen.
Seroprevalence of major avian respiratory diseases in broiler and sonali chicken in selected areas of Bangladesh.
Switching the direction of stem gravitropism by altering two amino acids in AtLAZY1.
The radioactive contamination study in south-western Greenland tundra in 2012-2013.
Mitochondrial genomes of the early land plant lineage liverworts (Marchantiophyta): conserved genome structure, and ongoing low frequency recombination.
Herbal Teas and Drinks: Folk Medicine of the Manoor Valley, Lesser Himalaya, Pakistan.
Improved Drought Tolerance by AMF Inoculation in Maize (Zea mays) Involves Physiological and Biochemical Implications.
Identification and Characterization of ShSPI, a Kazal-Type Elastase Inhibitor from the Venom of Scolopendra Hainanum.
Bentonite and Biochar Mitigate Pb Toxicity in Pisum sativum by Reducing Plant Oxidative Stress and Pb Translocation.
Phytochemical Fingerprinting and In Vitro Bioassays of the Ethnomedicinal Fern Tectaria coadunata (J. Smith) C. Christensen from Central Nepal.
Intraspecific Variation within the Utricularia amethystina Species Morphotypes Based on Chloroplast Genomes.
Chemical Composition of Essential Oil from Flower Heads of Arnica Chamissonis Less. under a Nitrogen Impact.
CRK5 Protein Kinase Contributes to the Progression of Embryogenesis of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Overexpression of ANAC046 Promotes Suberin Biosynthesis in Roots of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Nutritional Value, Mineral Composition, Secondary Metabolites, and Antioxidant Activity of Some Wild Geophyte Sedges and Grasses.
Morphology and Multi-Gene Phylogeny Reveal Pestalotiopsis pinicola sp. nov. and a New Host Record of Cladosporium anthropophilum from Edible Pine (Pinus armandii) Seeds in Yunnan Province, China.
Recombinant Human Dentin Matrix Protein 1 (hDMP1) Expressed in Nicotiana benthamiana Potentially Induces Osteogenic Differentiation.
Potential of Smoke-Water and One of Its Active Compounds (karrikinolide, KAR1) on the Phytochemical and Antioxidant Activity of Eucomis autumnalis.
Cytotoxic Stilbenes and Canthinone Alkaloids from Brucea antidysenterica (Simaroubaceae).
Inhibition of biofilm- and hyphal- development, two virulent features of Candida albicans by secondary metabolites of an endophytic fungus Alternaria tenuissima having broad spectrum antifungal potential.
The phylogeny of the African wood mice (Muridae, Hylomyscus) based on complete mitochondrial genomes and five nuclear genes reveals their evolutionary history and undescribed diversity.
Synthesis and characterization of chitosan and guar gum based ternary blends with polyvinyl alcohol.
Assessment of cytotoxic and genotoxic potentials of a mononuclear Fe(II) Schiff base complex with photocatalytic activity in Trigonella.
Plasticity of photosynthetic processes and the accumulation of secondary metabolites in plants in response to monochromatic light environments: A review.
A genetically validated approach to detect inorganic polyphosphates in plants.
YTHDF2 Binds to 5-Methylcytosine in RNA and Modulates the Maturation of Ribosomal RNA.
Design, Synthesis, and Anticancer Activity of Novel Trimethoxyphenyl-Derived Chalcone-Benzimidazolium Salts.
D-Ring-Modified Analogues of Luotonin A with Reduced Planarity: Design, Synthesis, and Evaluation of Their Topoisomerase Inhibition-Associated Cytotoxicity.
Impact of Globodera ellingtonae on yield of potato (Solanum tuberosum).
Phototemtide A, a Cyclic Lipopeptide Heterologously Expressed from Photorhabdus temperata Meg1, Shows Selective Antiprotozoal Activity.
Organellomic data sets confirm a cryptic consensus on (unrooted) land-plant relationships and provide new insights into bryophyte molecular evolution.
Antioxidant potency and GC-MS composition of Origanum majorana Linn.
Anti-inflammatory, anti-pyretic and analgesic activities of Tamarix dioica.
3D Bioprinting in Plant Science: An Interdisciplinary Approach.
Extensive inter-plant protein transfer between Cuscuta parasites and their host plants.
Taming the Red Bastards: Hybridisation and species delimitation in the Rhodanthemum arundanum-group (Compositae, Anthemideae).
An overview of acyclotides: Past, present and future.
High-throughput transcriptomics: An insight on the pathways affected in HepG2 cells exposed to nickel oxide nanoparticles.
Glucose: Sweet or bitter effects in plants-a review on current and future perspective.
Beneficial role of Acetylcholine in chlorophyll metabolism and photosynthesis gas exchange in Nicotiana benthamiana seedlings under salinity stress.
Silver nanoparticles and silver salt (AgNO3) elicits morphogenic and biochemical variations in callus cultures of sugarcane.
Understanding sheath blight resistance in rice: the road behind and the road ahead.
Occurrence, fate, persistence and remediation of caffeine: a review.
Antitumor astins originate from the fungal endophyte Cyanodermella asteris living within the medicinal plant Aster tataricus.
Differentiation of Nanoparticles Isolated from Distinct Plant Species Naturally Growing in a Heavy Metal Polluted Site.
Mikania micrantha invasion enhances the carbon (C) transfer from plant to soil and mediates the soil C utilization through altering microbial community.
Artificial light at night alter the impact of arsenic on microbial decomposers and leaf litter decomposition in streams.
Effectiveness of Individual Nutrition Education Compared to Group Education, in Improving Anthropometric and Biochemical Indices among Hypertensive Adults with Excessive Body Weight: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Total saponins from Paris forrestii (Takht) H. Li. show the anticancer and RNA expression regulating effects on prostate cancer cells.
Detoxification and eco-friendly recycling of brick kiln coal ash using Eisenia fetida: A clean approach through vermitechnology.
Phylogeny of Diplazium (Athyriaceae) revisited: Resolving the backbone relationships based on plastid genomes and phylogenetic tree space analysis.
Eco-friendly, economic fungal universal medium from watermelon peel waste.
Inorganic clay nanocomposite system for improved cholinesterase inhibition and brain pharmacokinetics of donepezil.
Antiproliferative activity of carotenoid pigments produced by extremophile bacteria.
Rearrangement of Threonine and Serine-Based N-(3-Phenylprop-2-yn-1-yl) Sulfonamides Yields Chiral Pyrrolidin-3-ones.
Chemical profile, antiproliferative, antioxidant, and enzyme inhibition activities and docking studies of Cymbopogon schoenanthus (L.) Spreng. and Cymbopogon nervatus (Hochst.) Chiov. from Sudan.
Effector loading onto the VgrG carrier activates type VI secretion system assembly.
Biogenic synthesis of silver nanoparticles using Gliocladium deliquescens and their application as household sponge disinfectant.
The counter defence system of antioxidants in Coelomycetous emerging human and plant pathogenic fungus Macrophomina phaseolina against copper toxicity.
The commonness of rarity: Global and future distribution of rarity across land plants.
A new species of Chrysosplenium (Saxifragaceae) from Northeastern China.
Facile sonochemical synthesis of rutile-type titanium dioxide microspheres decorated graphene oxide composite for efficient electrochemical sensor.
Plastome phylogenomics, biogeography, and clade diversification of Paris (Melanthiaceae).
Leaps and bounds: geographical and ecological distance constrained the colonisation of the Afrotemperate by Erica.
Exogenous Nitric Oxide Mitigates Nickel-Induced Oxidative Damage in Eggplant by Upregulating Antioxidants, Osmolyte Metabolism, and Glyoxalase Systems.
Plant-Produced Anti-Enterovirus 71 (EV71) Monoclonal Antibody Efficiently Protects Mice Against EV71 Infection.
Kalshinoids A-F, Anti-inflammatory Sesquiterpenes from Kalimeris shimadae.
Polyphenol-rich Trapa quadrispinosa pericarp extract ameliorates high-fat diet induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by regulating lipid metabolism and insulin resistance in mice.
Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms in Starch Biosynthetic Genes Associated With Increased Resistant Starch Concentration in Rice Mutant.
The Trichoderma harzianum Kelch Protein ThKEL1 Plays a Key Role in Root Colonization and the Induction of Systemic Defense in Brassicaceae Plants.
Natural Killer Cell-Derived IL-10 Prevents Liver Damage During Sustained Murine Cytomegalovirus Infection.
Assessment of Cucumber Genotypes for Salt Tolerance Based on Germination and Physiological Indices.
A new lapsiine jumping spider from North America, with a review of Simon \' s Lapsias species (Araneae, Salticidae, Spartaeinae).
Substrate stoichiometry determines nitrogen fixation throughout succession in southern Chinese forests.
Direct transesterification of fatty acids produced by Fusarium solani for biodiesel production: Effect of carbon and nitrogen on lipid accumulation in the fungal biomass.
Aureimonas leprariae sp. nov., Isolated from a Lepraria sp. Lichen.
Fungal aerobiota are not affected by time nor environment over a 13-y time series at the Mauna Loa Observatory.
Visible-light reduced silver nanoparticles \'  toxicity in Allium cepa test system.
The role of seed appendage in improving the adaptation of a species in definite seasons: a case study of Atriplex centralasiatica.
The host jasmonic acid pathway regulates the transcriptomic changes of dodder and host plant under the scenario of caterpillar feeding on dodder.
Characterization of Terpene Synthase from Tea Green Leafhopper Being Involved in Formation of Geraniol in Tea (Camellia sinensis) Leaves and Potential Effect of Geraniol on Insect-Derived Endobacteria.
Segnochrobactrum spirostomi gen. nov., sp. nov., isolated from the ciliate Spirostomum yagiui and description of a novel family, Segnochrobactraceae fam. nov. within the order Rhizobiales of the class Alphaproteobacteria.
Breaking down the barriers to a natural antiviral agent: Antiviral activity and molecular docking of Erythrina speciosa extract, fractions, and the major compound.
Continuous hydrogen and methane production from the treatment of herbal medicines wastewater in the two-phase  \' UASBH-ICM \'  system.
Structure, Biosynthesis, and Bioactivity of Photoditritide from Photorhabdus temperata Meg1.
Deciphering the High Quality Genome Sequence of Coriander that Causes Controversial Feelings.
Overexpression of a developing xylem cDNA library in transgenic poplar generates high mutation rate specific to wood formation.
Moisture-driven shift in the climate sensitivity of white spruce xylem anatomical traits is coupled to large-scale oscillation patterns across northern treeline in northwest North America.
Maltose deterioration approach: Catalytic behavior optimization and stability profile of maltase from Bacillus licheniformis KIBGE-IB4.
Intra-individual heteroplasmy in the Gentiana tongolensis plastid genome (Gentianaceae).
An inventory of medicinal products causing skin rash: Clinical and regulatory lessons.
An efficient system composed of maize protoplast transfection and HPLC-MS for studying the biosynthesis and regulation of maize benzoxazinoids.
Noninvasive Analysis of Tree Stems by Electrical Resistivity Tomography: Unraveling the Effects of Temperature, Water Status, and Electrode Installation.
The genus Simplicillium.
Soil C and N dynamics and hydrological processes in a maize-wheat rotation field subjected to different tillage and straw management practices.
Cyanide produced with ethylene by ACS and its incomplete detoxification by beta-CAS in mango inflorescence leads to malformation.
Brassinosteroid signaling delimits root gravitropism via sorting of the Arabidopsis PIN2 auxin transporter.
A comprehensive review of the genus Pyrola herbs in traditional uses, phytochemistry and pharmacological activities.
Dual inhibition of DPP-4 and cholinesterase enzymes by phytoconstituents of an ethanolic extract of Prosopis cineraria pods: Therapeutic implications for the treatment of diabetes-associated neurological impairments.
Transcriptome-wide miRNA identification of Bacopa monnieri: a cross-kingdom approach.
Comparative metabolomics implicates threitol as a fungal signal supporting colonization of Armillaria luteobubalina on eucalypt roots.
Endosperm genome dosage, hybrid seed failure, and parental imprinting: sexual selection as an alternative to parental conflict.
Plant-Associated Microbes Alter Root Growth by Modulating Root Apical Meristem.
Regulatory Role of Phytohormones in Maintaining Stem Cells and Boundaries of Stem Cell Niches.
Silencing of class I small heat shock proteins affects seed-related attributes and thermotolerance in rice seedlings.
Molecular analysis of genetic diversity in population of Silybum marianum (L.) Gaertn in Egypt.
The coincidence of ecological opportunity with hybridization explains rapid adaptive radiation in Lake Mweru cichlid fishes.
Algal bioassays detect modeled loading of wastewater-derived nitrogen in coastal waters of O \' AHU, HAWAI \' I.
Local perceptions and factors determining ecosystem services identification around two forest reserves in Northern Benin.
Secretory RING finger proteins function as effectors in a grapevine galling insect.
Defect Engineered MoS2 Nanostructures for ROS Generation in Dark: Anti-pollutant and Anti-fungal Performances.
Optimizing the Management of Cadmium Bioremediation Capacity of Metal-Resistant Pseudomonas sp. Strain Al-Dhabi-126 Isolated from the Industrial City of Saudi Arabian Environment.
A Review of Bark-Extract-Mediated Green Synthesis of Metallic Nanoparticles and Their Applications.
Exploiting the Allelopathic Potential of Aqueous Leaf Extracts of Artemisia absinthium and Psidium guajava against Parthenium hysterophorus, a Widespread Weed in India.
Plant Cell Biology: Shifting CORDs to Fine-Tune Phragmoplast Microtubule Turnover.
Nitric oxide regulates photosynthetic performance and stomatal behaviour supplemented with nitrogen and sulfur in mustard under salt stress.
Non-native vascular flora of the Arctic: Taxonomic richness, distribution and pathways.
Structure of floral nectaries and female-biased nectar production in protandrous species Geranium macrorrhizum and Geranium phaeum.
Prevalent cytidylation and uridylation of precursor miRNAs in Arabidopsis.
Tropical forest soil carbon stocks do not increase despite 15 years of doubled litter inputs.
VENOSA4, a human dNTPase SAMHD1 homolog, contributes to chloroplast development and abiotic stress tolerance.
Assessment of sunflower germplasm for phytoremediation of lead-polluted soil and production of seed oil and seed meal for human and animal consumption.
Niche differentiation rather than biogeography shapes the diversity and composition of microbiome of Cycas panzhihuaensis.
Racemic immunosuppressive seco-aporphine derivatives from Thalictrum wangii.
Flavan-3-ols and 2-diglycosyloxybenzoates from the leaves of Averrhoa carambola.
Pathogenesis related proteins: A defensin for plants but an allergen for humans.
High diversity of coralline algae in New Zealand revealed: Knowledge gaps and implications for future research.
Astaxanthin: How much is too much? A safety review.
Assessment of a large number of empirical plant species niche models by elicitation of knowledge from two national experts.
Soil respiration of four forests along elevation gradient in northern subtropical China.
Effects of rhizoma peanut cultivars (Arachis glabrata Benth.) on the soil bacterial diversity and predicted function in nitrogen fixation.
The Uses of Herbaria in Botanical Research. A Review Based on Evidence From Argentina.
Effect of Varying Nitrate Concentrations on Denitrifying Phosphorus Uptake by DPAOs With a Molecular Insight Into Pho Regulon Gene Expression.
Fabrication, characterization and practical efficacy of Myristica fragrans essential oil nanoemulsion delivery system against postharvest biodeterioration.
Shrub facilitation promotes selective tree establishment beyond the climatic treeline.
Heavy Metal Pollution in the Ganga River Enhances Carbon Storage Relative to Flux.
Occupational health hazards on workers exposure to lead (Pb): A genotoxicity analysis.
Colonisation of Staphylococcus aureus in patients with Nasal Polyposis.
Benthic hypoxia in anthropogenically-impacted rivers provides positive feedback enhancing the level of bioavailable metals at sediment-water interface.
Distribution of mercury in sediments, plant and animal tissues in Matang Mangrove Forest Reserve, Malaysia.
Chemical composition and selected quality characteristics of new types of precooked wheat and spelt pasta products.
Effects of Different Colored LEDs on the Enhancement of Biologically Active Ingredients in Callus Cultures of Gynura procumbens (Lour.) Merr.
Medicinal and edible plants used by the Lhoba people in Medog County, Tibet, China.
Xanthophyll: Health benefits and therapeutic insights.
New perspectives on crassulacean acid metabolism biology.
The DEAD-box RNA helicase eIF4A regulates plant development and interacts with the hnRNP LIF2L1 in Physcomitrella patens.
Revisiting the plant growth-promoting rhizobacteria: lessons from the past and objectives for the future.
Cuticular wax coverage and its transpiration barrier properties in Quercus coccifera L. leaves: does the environment matter?
The Effect of Okra (Abelmoschus esculentus (L.) Moench) Seed Extract on Human Cancer Cell Lines Delivered in Its Native Form and Loaded in Polymeric Micelles.
Xylem Cell Wall Formation in Pioneer Roots and Stems of Populus trichocarpa (Torr. &amp; Gray).
The Importance of Cl- Exclusion and Vacuolar Cl- Sequestration: Revisiting the Role of Cl- Transport in Plant Salt Tolerance.
Membrane-Specific Targeting of Tail-Anchored Proteins SECE1 and SECE2 Within Chloroplasts.
Seed Coating: A Tool for Delivering Beneficial Microbes to Agricultural Crops.
Exploring Actinobacteria Associated With Rhizosphere and Endosphere of the Native Alpine Medicinal Plant Leontopodium nivale Subspecies alpinum.
Thaumatin-like protein kinases: Molecular characterization and transcriptional profiling in five cereal crops.
The role of auxin transporters and receptors in adventitious rooting of Arabidopsis thaliana pre-etiolated flooded seedlings.
The pH of the leaf apoplast is critical for the formation of Pseudomonas syringae-induced lesions on leaves of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris).
Diversity and use of medicinal plants for soup making in traditional diets of the Hakka in West Fujian, China.
Assessing the Correlations between Different Traits in Copper-Sensitive and Copper-Resistant Varieties of Jute (Corchorus capsularis L.).
High-pressure jet-induced hydrodynamic cavitation as a pre-treatment step for avoiding cyanobacterial contamination during water purification.
Pre-Quaternary diversification and glacial demographic expansions of Cardiocrinum (Liliaceae) in temperate forest biomes of Sino-Japanese Floristic Region.
Impact of pesticide monocrotophos on microbial populations and histology of intestine in the Indian earthworm Lampito mauritii (Kinberg).
Detection and absolute quantification of betasatellites associated with okra yellow vein mosaic disease by qPCR.
The Emergence of Subgenotype ON-1 of Human orthopneumovirus type A in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia: A New Episode of the Virus Epidemiological Dynamic.
Bioinformatics analysis of differentially expressed genes in hepatocellular carcinoma cells exposed to Swertiamarin.
History and Current Status of Autophagy Research.
Characterization of five CHASE-containing histidine kinase receptors from Populus x canadensis cv. Robusta sensing isoprenoid and aromatic cytokinins.
Osmoprotection in plants under abiotic stresses: new insights into a classical phenomenon.
Chalcone synthases (CHSs): the symbolic type III polyketide synthases.
Chromium effects on photosynthetic electron transport in pea (Pisum sativum L.).
Global satellite-observed daily vertical migrations of ocean animals.
Evolutionary patterns of chimeric retrogenes in Oryza species.
Discovery of a potent and selective adenylyl cyclase type 8 agonist by docking-based virtual screening.
Wild edible plants collected by Hani from terraced rice paddy agroecosystem in Honghe Prefecture, Yunnan, China.
A metabolomics characterisation of natural variation in the resistance of cassava to whitefly.
Is geographical variation driving the transcriptomic responses to multiple stressors in the kelp Saccharina latissima?
Citrus species: A Review of Traditional Uses, Phytochemistry and Pharmacology.
Recent Studies on Anti-Depressant Bioactive Substances in Selected Species from the Genera Hemerocallis and Gladiolus: A Systematic Review.
Novel Eco-Synthesis of PD Silver Nanoparticles: Characterization, Assessment of Its Antimicrobial and Cytotoxicity Properties.
The XVIII Congress of European Mycologists: Conference Report.
Exogenously-Sourced Ethylene Modulates Defense Mechanisms and Promotes Tolerance to Zinc Stress in Mustard (Brassica juncea L.).
Cannabidiol-from Plant to Human Body: A Promising Bioactive Molecule with Multi-Target Effects in Cancer.
Annotated draft genomes of two caddisfly species Plectrocnemia conspersa CURTIS and Hydropsyche tenuis NAVAS (Insecta: Trichoptera).
Need for routine tracking of biological invasions.
Liquiritin elicitation can increase the content of medicinally important glucosinolates and phenolic compounds in Chinese kale plants.
PERSISTENT TAPETAL CELL 2 is required for normal tapetal programmed cell death and pollen wall patterning.
Antimicrobial Activity and Chemical Constitution of the Crude, Phenolic-Rich Extracts of Hibiscus sabdariffa, Brassica oleracea and Beta vulgaris.
Prenyleudesmanes and A Hexanorlanostane from the Roots of Lonicera macranthoides.
Liposomal Cytarabine as Cancer Therapy: From Chemistry to Medicine.
High Specific Efficiency of Venom of Two Prey-Specialized Spiders.
Removal of Total Nitrogen and Phosphorus Using Single or Combinations of Aquatic Plants.
Green synthesized zinc oxide nanoparticles regulates the apoptotic expression in bone cancer cells MG-63 cells.
Cytogenetics of Eudiplozoon nipponicum (Monogenea, Diplozoidae): Karyotype, spermatocyte division and 18S rDNA location.
Monitoring single-cell bioluminescence of Arabidopsis leaves to quantitatively evaluate the efficiency of a transiently introduced CRISPR/Cas9 system targeting the circadian clock gene ELF3.
Unexpected mitochondrial genome diversity revealed by targeted single-cell genomics of heterotrophic flagellated protists.
Development of EST-SSR markers in Cenchrus ciliaris and their applicability in studying the genetic diversity and cross-species transferability.
HISTONE DEACETYLASE 9 stimulates auxin-dependent thermomorphogenesis in Arabidopsis thaliana by mediating H2A.Z depletion.
First Broad Screening of Allelopathic Potential of Wild and Cultivated Plants in Turkey.
The Genus Nerine Herb. (Amaryllidaceae): Ethnobotany, Phytochemistry, and Biological Activity.
Genome-Wide Characterization, Expression Profile Analysis of WRKY Family Genes in Santalum album and Functional Identification of Their Role in Abiotic Stress.
Endolichenic fungal diversity associated with some lichens of the Western Ghats.
Transcriptional circuits in control of shoot stem cell homeostasis.
Assisted phytoremediation of chromium spiked soils by Sesbania Sesban in association with Bacillus xiamenensis PM14: A biochemical analysis.
From cells highly tolerant to Zn and Pb to fully fertile plants - Selection of tolerant lines with in vitro culture.
Significance of allochthonous brackish water Halomonas sp. on biodegradation of low and high molecular weight polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Antibacterial harziane diterpenoids from a fungal symbiont Trichoderma atroviride isolated from Colquhounia coccinea var. mollis.
An explicit test of Pleistocene survival in peripheral versus nunatak refugia in two high mountain plant species.
Evolutionary history of a relict conifer, Pseudotaxus chienii (Taxaceae), in south-east China during the late Neogene: old lineage, young populations.
Modularity and evolution of flower shape: the role of function, development, and spandrels in Erica.
4-Coumarate:coenzyme A ligase isoform 3 from Piper nigrum (Pn4CL3) catalyzes the CoA thioester formation of 3,4-methylenedioxycinnamic and piperic acids.
Development of a Building Block Strategy to Target the Classification, Identification, and Metabolite Profiling of Oleanane Triterpenoids in Gymnema sylvestre Using UHPLC-qTOF/MS.
Fungal functional ecology: bringing a trait-based approach to plant-associated fungi.
Tomato \' s Green Gold: Bioeconomy Potential of Residual Tomato Leaf Biomass as a Novel Source for the Secondary Metabolite Rutin.
Nematicidal activity of thermostable alkaline protease produced by Saccharomonospora viridis strain Hw G550.
Enhancement of glycerol production by UV-mutagenesis of the marine yeast Wickerhamomyces anomalus HH16: kinetics and optimization of the fermentation process.
Application of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and nitrogen regulates aroma biochemistry in fragrant rice.
Cryopreservation: A tool to conserve date palm in Saudi Arabia.
Silicon supplementation modulates antioxidant system and osmolyte accumulation to balance salt stress in Acacia gerrardii Benth.
Development and validation of Lenalidomide in human plasma by LC-MS/MS.
Insect pollinator diversity in four forested ecosystems of southern Punjab, Pakistan.
Antimicrobial potentials of medicinal plant \' s extract and their derived silver nanoparticles: A focus on honey bee pathogen.
Comparative insecticidal activity of different plant materials from six common plant species against Tribolium castaneum (Herbst) (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae).
Yearlong association of insect pollinator, Pseudapis oxybeloides with flowering plants: Planted forest vs. agricultural landscape.
Synthesis of eco-friendly silver nanoparticles using Allium sp. and their antimicrobial potential on selected vaginal bacteria.
Toxic effects of some insecticides, herbicides, and plant essential oils against Tribolium confusum Jacquelin du val (Insecta: Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae).
Evaluation of a labdane diterpene forskolin isolated from Solena amplexicaulis (Lam.) Gandhi (Cucurbitaceae) revealed promising antidiabetic and antihyperlipidemic pharmacological properties.
Insect pollinators diversity and abundance in Eruca sativa Mill. (Arugula) and Brassica rapa L. (Field mustard) crops.
Composition and functional properties of propolis (bee glue): A review.
Fitness parameters of Plutella xylostella (L.) (Lepidoptera; Plutellidae) at four constant temperatures by using age-stage, two-sex life tables.
In vivo pharmacological investigation of Monotheca buxifolia and Bosea amherstiana using animal models.
Prevalence of Escherichia coli strains resistance to antibiotics in wound infections and raw milk.
The antioxidant rich active principles of Clerodendrum sp. controls haloalkane xenobiotic induced hepatic damage in murine model.
Prevalence of antibiotic resistant mastitis pathogens in dairy cows in Egypt and potential biological control agents produced from plant endophytic actinobacteria.
Nutritional status of different biosolids and their impact on various growth parameters of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Phorate triggers oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction to enhance micronuclei generation and DNA damage in human lymphocytes.
Genome-Wide Analysis of Putative G-Quadruplex Sequences (PGQSs) in Onion Yellows Phytoplasma (Strain OY-M): An Emerging Plant Pathogenic Bacteria.
Climate drives community-wide divergence within species over a limited spatial scale: evidence from an oceanic island.
Dispersal mode constrains allocation of carbon and mineral nutrients in seeds of forest and savanna trees.
Seminal roots of wild and cultivated barley differentially respond to osmotic stress in gene expression, suberization, and hydraulic conductivity.
Genetic and physiological mechanisms of freezing tolerance in locally adapted populations of a winter annual.
Non-destructive DNA extraction from herbarium specimens: a method particularly suitable for plants with small and fragile leaves.
The European delicacy Tuber melanosporum forms mycorrhizae with some indigenous Chinese Quercus species and promotes growth of the oak seedlings.
Elemental Composition of PM2.5 Aerosol in a Residential-Industrial Area of a Mediterranean Megacity.
Does jasmonic acid regulate photosynthesis, clastogenecity, and phytochelatins in Brassica juncea L. in response to Pb-subcellular distribution?
Genotoxicity and biocompatibility of superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles: Influence of surface modification on biodistribution, retention, DNA damage and oxidative stress.
Vermiconversion of biowastes with low-to-high C/N ratio into value added vermicompost.
Mid-infrared spectroscopy is a fast screening method for selecting Arabidopsis genotypes with altered leaf cuticular wax.
Terpenoid profiles of resin in the genus Dracaena are species specific.
Global co-transcriptional splicing in Arabidopsis and the correlation with splicing regulation in mature RNAs.
Molecular characterization and RSV Co-infection of Nicotiana benthamiana with three distinct begomoviruses.
Molecular cloning, structural modeling and characterization of a novel glutaminase-free L-asparaginase from Cobetia amphilecti AMI6.
Anabolic/anticatabolic and adaptogenic effects of 24-epibrassinolide on Lupinus angustifolius: causes and consequences.
Melatonin-related mitochondrial respiration responses are associated with growth promotion and cold tolerance in plants.
Unfolding the effects of different forestry treatments on microclimate in oak forests: results of a 4-year experiment.
A Tripartite Interaction among the Basidiomycete Rhodotorula mucilaginosa, N2-fixing Endobacteria, and Rice Improves Plant Nitrogen Nutrition.
Fly-Ash Pollution Modulates Growth, Biochemical Attributes, Antioxidant Activity and Gene Expression in Pithecellobium Dulce (Roxb) Benth.
Stay-Green Trait: A Prospective Approach for Yield Potential, and Drought and Heat Stress Adaptation in Globally Important Cereals.
First Insights into the Microbiome of a Mangrove Tree Reveal Significant Differences in Taxonomic and Functional Composition among Plant and Soil Compartments.
Persistence of pesticides-based contaminants in the environment and their effective degradation using laccase-assisted biocatalytic systems.
Interrelationship of microplastic pollution in sediments and oysters in a seaport environment of the eastern coast of Australia.
Characterization of microplastics and the association of heavy metals with microplastics in suburban soil of central China.
From wild harvest towards precision agriculture: Use of Ecological Niche Modelling to direct potential cultivation of wild medicinal plants in Crete.
Ecosystem functioning in urban grasslands: The role of biodiversity, plant invasions and urbanization.
Anti-inflammatory effect of isopimarane diterpenoids from Kaempferia galanga.
Molecular strategies for identification and characterization of some wild edible mushrooms of Nagaland, India.
Introduction: Rethinking Joseph Banks.
Evolution of carnivorous traps from planar leaves through simple shifts in gene expression.
Design, synthesis and cholinesterase inhibitory activity of novel spiropyrrolidine tethered imidazole heterocyclic hybrids.
Rapid colorimetric detection of mercury using silver nanoparticles in the presence of methionine.
Protective mechanisms of melatonin against selenium toxicity in Brassica napus: insights into physiological traits, thiol biosynthesis and antioxidant machinery.
Citric Acid Enhances Plant Growth, Photosynthesis, and Phytoextraction of Lead by Alleviating the Oxidative Stress in Castor Beans.
Antioxidant System and Biomolecules Alteration in Pisum sativum under Heavy Metal Stress and Possible Alleviation by 5-Aminolevulinic Acid.
What Happened to the Phycobilisome?
Analysis of temporally evolved nanoparticle-protein corona highlighted the potential ability of gold nanoparticles to stably interact with proteins and influence the major biochemical pathways in Brassica juncea.
Molecular Pharming for low and middle income countries.
Lathyrane diterpenes from Euphorbia lathyris and the potential mechanism to reverse the multi-drug resistance in HepG2/ADR cells.
Microwave Assisted Extraction and Characterization of Polysaccharide from Waste Jamun Fruit Seeds.
I \' ve been robbed! - Can changes in floral traits discourage bee pollination?
Seed germination ecology of Ageratum houstonianum: A major invasive weed in Nepal.
The traditional uses, phytochemistry, pharmacology and toxicology of Cinnamomi ramulus: a review.
Phylogenomics Yields New Insight Into Relationships Within Vernonieae (Asteraceae).
Chinese Black Truffle-Associated Bacterial Communities of Tuber indicum From Different Geographical Regions With Nitrogen Fixing Bioactivity.
Early Root Transcriptomic Changes in Wheat Seedlings Colonized by Trichoderma harzianum Under Different Inorganic Nitrogen Supplies.
Mitigating the Impact of Admixtures in Thai Herbal Products.
Quantitative analysis of Mycobacterium avium subsp. hominissuis proteome in response to antibiotics and during exposure to different environmental conditions.
Growing-season temperature and precipitation are independent drivers of global variation in xylem hydraulic conductivity.
Tree diversity, biomass and carbon storage in sacred groves of Central India.
Implementation of the Water Framework Directive: Lessons Learned and Future Perspectives for an Ecologically Meaningful Classification Based on Phytoplankton of the Status of Greek Lakes, Mediterranean Region.
Uptake Prediction of Ten Heavy Metals by Eruca sativa Mill. Cultivated in Soils Amended with Sewage Sludge.
Reprogramming of root cells during nitrogen-fixing symbiosis involves dynamic polysome association of coding and non-coding RNAs.
"A herder \' s duty is to think": landscape partitioning and folk habitats of Mongolian herders in a mountain forest steppe (Khuvsugul-Murun region).
NO and ROS implications in organization of root system architecture.
Improved Expression and Purification of the Carotenoid Biosynthetic Enzyme Z-ISO.
Genome-wide analysis of Cushion willow provides insights into alpine plant divergence in a biodiversity hotspot.
Metabolic Changes Induced by Silver Ions in Carlina acaulis.
In Silico Molecular Studies of Antiophidic Properties of the Amazonian Tree Cordia nodosa Lam.
Essential Oil from Arnica Montana L. Achenes: Chemical Characteristics and Anticancer Activity.
Polyphenols from Lycium barbarum (Goji) Fruit European Cultivars at Different Maturation Steps: Extraction, HPLC-DAD Analyses, and Biological Evaluation.
Glycoxidative profile of cancer patient serum: A clinical result to associate glycation to cancer.
Subacute exposure to amygdalin influences compact bone remodeling of rabbits.
Cereal grass juice in wound healing: hormesis and cell-survival in normal fibroblasts, in contrast to toxic events in cancer cells.
Meroterpenoids and alkaloids from Ganoderma australe.
Spontaneous reactivation of a site-specifically placed transgene independent of copy number or DNA methylation.
Interspecific introgression mediates adaptation to whole genome duplication.
The evolution and genomic basis of beetle diversity.
Phenotypic Plasticity in the Structure of Fine Adventitious Metasequoia glyptostroboides Roots Allows Adaptation to Aquatic and Terrestrial Environments.
Environment-friendly management of textile mill wastewater sludge using epigeic earthworms: Bioaccumulation of heavy metals and metallothionein production.
Seed morphology using SEM techniques for identification of useful grasses in Dera Ghazi Khan, Pakistan.
Trochodendron aralioides, the first chromosome-level draft genome in Trochodendrales and a valuable resource for basal eudicot research.
Alloxan disintegrates the plant cytoskeleton and suppresses mlo-mediated powdery mildew resistance.
Naasia lichenicola sp. nov., an actinobacterium isolated from lichen.
Data set of in-silico analysis and 3D modelling of boiling stable stress-responsive protein from drought tolerant wheat.
An Evaluation of the DNA-Protective Effects of Extracts from Menyanthes trifoliata L. Plants Derived from In Vitro Culture Associated with Redox Balance and Other Biological Activities.
Proteomics of Rice-Magnaporthe oryzae Interaction: What Have We Learned So Far?
Efficient In Vivo Screening Method for the Identification of C4 Photosynthesis Inhibitors Based on Cell Suspensions of the Single-Cell C4 Plant Bienertia sinuspersici.
Sub-chronic oral toxicity assessment (90 days) of ethanolic fraction of leaves of Neurocalyx calycinus (R. Br. ex Benn.) Rob. in rodents: A lesser known ethnomedicinal plant from the Cholanaickan tribal community, India.
New biological findings of ethanol and chloroform extracts of fungi Suillellus rubrosanguineus and Tylopilus felleus.
Groundnut AhcAPX conferred abiotic stress tolerance in transgenic banana through modulation of the ascorbate-glutathione pathway.
Cyclophilin OsCYP20-2 with a novel variant integrates defense and cell elongation for chilling response in rice.
Microstructure of floral nectaries in Robinia viscosa var. hartwigii (Papilionoideae, Fabaceae)-a valuable but little-known melliferous plant.
Evaluation of arsenic induced toxicity based on arsenic accumulation, translocation and its implications on physio-chemical changes and genomic instability in indica rice (Oryza sativa L.) cultivars.
Anthocyanin and spermidine derivative hexoses coordinately increase in the ripening fruit of Lycium ruthenicum.
Role of Jasmonate in Modulation of Mycorrhizae-Induced Resistance Against Fungal Pathogens.
Two New Phenolic Constituents from the Stems of Euphorbia griffithii.
Selenium and mercury in the hair of raccoons (Procyon lotor) and European wildcats (Felis s. silvestris) from Germany and Luxembourg.
Diversity of repetitive sequences within compact genomes of Phaseolus L. beans and allied genera Cajanus L. and Vigna Savi.
Taste for protein: Chemical signal from prey stimulates enzyme secretion through jasmonate signalling in the carnivorous plant Venus flytrap.
Pharmaceuticals, pesticides, personal care products and microplastics contamination assessment of Al-Hassa irrigation network (Saudi Arabia) and its shallow lakes.
Resolving relationships in an exceedingly young Neotropical orchid lineage using Genotyping-by-sequencing data.
Phylogenetic affinity of an enigmatic Rubiaceae from the Seychelles revealing a recent biogeographic link with Central Africa: gen. nov. Seychellea and trib. nov. Seychelleeae.
Zinc oxide nanoparticles synthesized from Fraxinus rhynchophylla extract by green route method attenuates the chemical and heat induced neurogenic and inflammatory pain models in mice.
Comparative effects of Bacillus subtilis and Bacillus licheniformis on live performance, blood metabolites and intestinal features in broiler inoculated with Salmonella infection during the finisher phase.
Halophila stipulacea descriptors in the native area (Red Sea): A baseline for future comparisons with native and non-native populations.
Modulation in growth, biochemical attributes and proteome profile of rice cultivars under salt stress.
Effect of citric acid and vermi-wash on growth and metal accumulation of Sorghum bicolor cultivated in lead and nickel contaminated soil.
Reducing the fitness of an invasive weed, Parthenium hysterophorus: Complementing biological control with plant competition.
Redundant CAMTA transcription factors negatively regulate the biosynthesis of salicylic acid and N-hydroxypipecolic acid by modulating the expression of SARD1 and CBP60g.
Comparative analysis of epigenetic inhibitors reveals different degrees of interference with transcriptional gene silencing and induction of DNA damage.
Genome duplication effects on functional traits and fitness are genetic context and species dependent: studies of synthetic polyploid Fragaria.
The 18 O-signal transfer from water vapour to leaf water and assimilates varies among plant species and growth forms.
Physiological damages of Sargassum cymosum and Hypnea pseudomusciformis exposed to trace metals from mining tailing.
Fungal seed pathogens of wild chili peppers possess multiple mechanisms to tolerate capsaicinoids.
Depletion of KNL2 Results in Altered Expression of Genes Involved in Regulation of the Cell Cycle, Transcription, and Development in Arabidopsis.
Seasonal Changes in the Metabolic Profiles and Biological Activity in Leaves of Diospyros digyna and D. rekoi "Zapote" Trees.
Biodegradability of wastewater determines microbial assembly mechanisms in full-scale wastewater treatment plants.
Identification and occurrence of phenylethanoid and iridoid glycosides in six Polish broomrapes (Orobanche spp. and Phelipanche spp., Orobanchaceae).
Sesquiterpene lactones from Sonchus palustris L. (Asteraceae, Cichorieae).
Floral Colonization Dynamics and Specificity of Aureobasidium pullulans Strains Used to Suppress Fire Blight of Pome Fruit.
Early diversification and permeable species boundaries in the Mediterranean firs.
Species Selection Regime and Phylogenetic Tree Shape.
Palynological investigation of some selected species of family Fabaceae from Pakistan, using light and scanning electron microscopy techniques.
Concentration-dependent effects of tungstate on germination, growth, lignification-related enzymes, antioxidants, and reactive oxygen species in broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. italica L.).
Cuticular wax coverage and its transpiration barrier properties in Quercus coccifera L. leaves: does the environment matter?
The poplar R2R3 MYB transcription factor PtrMYB94 coordinates with abscisic acid signaling to improve drought tolerance in plants.
Investigation of the curative effects of palm vitamin E tocotrienols on autoimmune arthritis disease in vivo.
The morpho-genetic and ecological niche analyses reveal the existence of climatically restricted Cycas zeylanica complex in Sri Lanka.
Oleanane hemiacetal glycosides from Gymnema latifolium and their inhibitory effects on protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B.
In Vitro Assessment of Antimicrobial, Antioxidant, and Cytotoxic Properties of Saccharin-Tetrazolyl and -Thiadiazolyl Derivatives: The Simple Dependence of the pH Value on Antimicrobial Activity.
Sources and variation of isotopic ratio of airborne radionuclides in Western Arctic lichens and mosses.
Plant-insect vector-virus interactions under environmental change.
Saturnispora mangrovi f.a., sp. nov. from Syhat mangrove, Saudi Arabia.
Long-term peroral administration of bitter apricot seeds influences cortical bone microstructure of rabbits.
Ottelia fengshanensis, a new bisexual species of Ottelia (Hydrocharitaceae) from southwestern China.
A meta-analysis of global fungal distribution reveals climate-driven patterns.
Tolerance of Impatiens balsamina L., and Crotalaria retusa L. to grow on soil contaminated by used lubricating oil: A comparative study.
2-Hydroxymelatonin mitigates cadmium stress in cucumis sativus seedlings: Modulation of antioxidant enzymes and polyamines.
Herbal Medicine of the 21st Century: A Focus on the Chemistry, Pharmacokinetics and Toxicity of Five Widely Advocated Phytotherapies.
The First Racemic Total Syntheses of the Antiplasmodials Watsonianones A and B and Corymbone B.
Pollen season is reflected on symptom load for grass and birch pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in different geographic areas - an EAACI Task Force Report.
Going underground: new approaches to assess dynamic root behaviour during drought.
Application of Single-Cell Bioluminescent Imaging to Monitor Circadian Rhythms of Individual Plant Cells.
Bioluminescence Imaging to Study Mature Biofilm Formation by Candida spp. and Antifungal Activity In Vitro and In Vivo.
Endosperm prevents toxic amounts of Zn from accumulating in the seed embryo - an adaptation to metalliferous sites in metal-tolerant Biscutella laevigata.
Biosynthesis of copper oxide nanoparticles using Enicostemma axillare (Lam.) leaf extract.
Patterns and drivers of species richness and turnover of neo-endemic and palaeo-endemic vascular plants in a Mediterranean hotspot: the case of Crete, Greece.
Towards an Integrative, Eco-Evolutionary Understanding of Ecological Novelty: Studying and Communicating Interlinked Effects of Global Change.
Global lessons from South Africa \' s rooibos compensation agreement.
Biodiversity of protists and nematodes in the wild nonhuman primate gut.
Time-coursed transcriptome analysis identifies key expressional regulation in growth cessation and dormancy induced by short days in Paulownia.
Three new species of Syllis Savigny in Lamarck, 1818 (Annelida: Syllidae) from the south coast of South Africa.
Evaluation and Microanalysis of Parasitic and Bacterial Agents of Egyptian Fresh Sushi, Salmo salar.
Magnitude and drivers of potential methane oxidation and production across Tibetan alpine permafrost region.
Comparative Virological and Pathogenic Characteristics of Avian Influenza H5N8 Viruses Detected in Wild Birds and Domestic Poultry in Egypt during the Winter of 2016/2017.
Prey and Venom Efficacy of Male and Female Wandering Spider, Phoneutria boliviensis (Araneae: Ctenidae).
Synthesis and Evaluation of Anticancer Activity of New 4-Acyloxy Derivatives of Robustic Acid.
Polyphenol Profile and Pharmaceutical Potential of Quercus spp. Bark Extracts.
Essential Oil Composition of Ruta graveolens L. Fruits and Hyssopus officinalis Subsp. aristatus (Godr.) Nyman Biomass as a Function of Hydrodistillation Time.
First occurrence and description of Aceria fraxiniflora (Felt, 1906) Acariformes: Eriophyoidea) from Europe.
Mitochondrial dysfunctions in HIV infection and antiviral drug treatment.
Foliar epidermal anatomy of some selected wild edible fruits of Pakistan using light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy.
Taxonomic significance of cypsela morphology in tribe Cichoreae (Asteraceae) using light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy.
Expression profiles of glucosinolate biosynthetic genes in turnip (Brassica rapa var. rapa) at different developmental stages and effect of transformed flavin-containing monooxygenase genes on hairy root glucosinolate content.
Metal/Metal Oxide Nanoparticles: Toxicity, Applications, and Future Prospects.
Malva species: Insights on its chemical composition towards pharmacological applications.
Convolvulus plant-A comprehensive review from phytochemical composition to pharmacy.
Synthesis and anthelmintic activity of benzopyrano[2,3-c]pyrazol-4(2H)-one derivatives.
Dust exposure risk from stone crushing to workers and locally grown plant species in Quetta, Pakistan.
Orthologous receptor kinases quantitatively affect the host status of barley to leaf rust fungi.
PIN-driven auxin transport emerged early in streptophyte evolution.
A taxonomic monograph of Ipomoea integrated across phylogenetic scales.
Estimating growth and photosynthetic properties of wheat grown in simulated saline field conditions using hyperspectral reflectance sensing and multivariate analysis.
Evolutionary diversity is associated with wood productivity in Amazonian forests.
Challenging battles of plants with phloem-feeding insects and prokaryotic pathogens.
Whole-genome sequencing of human Pegivirus variant from an Egyptian patient co-infected with hepatitis C virus: a case report.
Is a blue-red light a good elicitor of phenolic compounds in the family Droseraceae? A comparative study.
Responses of diversity, productivity, and stability to the nitrogen input in a tropical grassland.
Severe inbreeding depression is predicted by the "rare allele load" in Mimulus guttatus.
Two new acetoisovanillone glycosides from the water-soluble fraction of Paeonia ostii.
Chemical constituents, experimental and clinical pharmacology of Rosa damascena: a literature review.
Suppression of coal dust by microbially induced carbonate precipitation using Staphylococcus succinus.
Seed Coat Pattern QTL and Development in Cowpea (Vigna unguiculata [L.] Walp.).
Fine-Root Turnover, Litterfall, and Soil Microbial Community of Three Mixed Coniferous-Deciduous Forests Dominated by Korean Pine (Pinus koraiensis) Along a Latitudinal Gradient.
PcMuORP1, an Oxathiapiprolin-Resistance Gene, Functions as a Novel Selection Marker for Phytophthora Transformation and CRISPR/Cas9 Mediated Genome Editing.
Assessing the Diversity and Distribution of Apicomplexans in Host and Free-Living Environments Using High-Throughput Amplicon Data and a Phylogenetically Informed Reference Framework.
A fossil-calibrated phylogeny reveals the biogeographic history of the Cladrastis clade, an amphi-Pacific early-branching group in papilionoid legumes.
Exogenous nitric oxide alleviates sulfur deficiency-induced oxidative damage in tomato seedlings.
Microplastic pollution in vegetable farmlands of suburb Wuhan, central China.
Molecular cloning and metabolomic characterization of the 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase gene from Baphicacanthus cusia.
MERS-CoV infection is associated with downregulation of genes encoding Th1 and Th2 cytokines/chemokines and elevated inflammatory innate immune response in the lower respiratory tract.
Berberine increases glucose uptake and intracellular ROS levels by promoting Sirtuin 3 ubiquitination.
Biosynthesis of silver and gold nanoparticles using Musa acuminata colla flower and its pharmaceutical activity against bacteria and anticancer efficacy.
Functional genomics analysis reveals two novel genes required for littorine biosynthesis.
The role of common ancestry and gene flow in the evolution of human-directed play behavior in dogs.
How grass keeps growing: an integrated analysis of hormonal cross-talk in the maize leaf growth zone.
Isolation of nucleic acids using silicon dioxide powder as a tool for environmental monitoring.
Deciphering phylogenetic relationships and delimiting species boundaries using a Bayesian coalescent approach in protists: A case study of the ciliate genus Spirostomum (Ciliophora, Heterotrichea).
Regulation of priming effect by soil organic matter stability over a broad geographic scale.
Function analysis of ZmNAC33, a positive regulator in drought stress response in Arabidopsis.
Incidence of Clostridium perfringens and their toxin genes in the gut of children with autism spectrum disorder.
Exploring phylogeny of the microsoroid ferns (Polypodiaceae) based on six plastid DNA markers.
Nitrogen availability prevents oxidative effects of salinity on wheat growth and photosynthesis by up-regulating the antioxidants and osmolytes metabolism, and secondary metabolite accumulation.
2-Hydroxymelatonin induced nutritional orchestration in Cucumis sativus under cadmium toxicity: modulation of non-enzymatic antioxidants and gene expression.
Habitat Affects the Chemical Profile, Allelopathy, and Antioxidant Properties of Essential Oils and Phenolic Enriched Extracts of the Invasive Plant Heliotropium Curassavicum.
Comparatively Barcoded Chromosomes of Brachypodium Perennials Tell the Story of Their Karyotype Structure and Evolution.
New species of Septoria associated with leaf spot diseases in Iran.
Molecular characterization and overexpression analyses of secologanin synthase to understand the regulation of camptothecin biosynthesis in Nothapodytes nimmoniana (Graham.) Mabb.
A bacterial assay for rapid screening of IAA catabolic enzymes.
Development, progress and future prospects in cryobiotechnology of Lilium spp.
The integration of metabolome and proteome reveals bioactive polyphenols and hispidin in ARTP mutagenized Phellinus baumii.
Evaluation of competitive binding interaction of neratinib and tamoxifen to serum albumin in multidrug therapy.
Nikolai Vasilevich Sorokin and his research in botany, mycology, and microbiology at Imperial Kazan University, 1871-1901.
New 2,6,9-trisubstituted purine derivatives as Bcr-Abl and Btk inhibitors and as promising agents against leukemia.
Feedforward Control of Plant Nitrate Transporter NRT1.1 Biphasic Adaptive Activity.
The grapevine R2R3-type MYB transcription factor VdMYB1 positively regulates defense responses by activating the stilbene synthase gene 2 (VdSTS2).
Temporal population variability in local forest communities has mixed effects on tree species richness across a latitudinal gradient.
Comparative cyto- and genotoxicity of 900 MHz and 1800 MHz electromagnetic field radiations in root meristems of Allium cepa.
Historical chemical annotations of Cinchona bark collections are comparable to results from current day high-pressure liquid chromatography technologies.
Xiao Chai Hu Tang, a herbal medicine, for chronic hepatitis B.
The Genus Terminalia (Combretaceae): An Ethnopharmacological, Phytochemical and Pharmacological Review.
Evolutionary convergence or homology? Comparative cytogenomics of Caesalpinia group species (Leguminosae) reveals diversification in the pericentromeric heterochromatic composition.
Polyphasic taxonomy of green algae strains isolated from Mediterranean freshwaters.
Essential oil yield estimation by Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) after Methyl jasmonate (MeJA) elicitation in in vitro cultivated tissues of Coriandrum sativum L.
Glucoside Derivatives Of Podophyllotoxin: Synthesis, Physicochemical Properties, And Cytotoxicity.
Genetic strategies for improving crop yields.
Naturally-primed life strategy plasticity of dimorphic Aethionema arabicum facilitates optimal habitat colonization.
Employing laccase producing Aspergillus sydowii NYKA 510 for cathodic biocatalyst in self-sufficient lighting microbial fuel cell.
Reticulate evolution helps explain apparent homoplasy in floral biology and pollination in baobabs (Adansonia; Bombacoideae; Malvaceae).
Synthesis and antitumor evaluation of neolaxiflorin B inspired compounds.
A pseudomolecule-scale genome assembly of the liverwort Marchantia polymorpha.
Genetic variation in ZmTIP1 contributes to root hair elongation and drought tolerance in maize.
Wood anatomical traits in black spruce reveal latent water constraints on the boreal forest.
Restructuring of the  \' Macaronesia \'  biogeographic unit: A marine multi-taxon biogeographical approach.
Wild edible plants in Yesilli (Mardin-Turkey), a multicultural area.
Plants in alcoholic beverages on the Croatian islands, with special reference to rakija travarica.
Optimization of a fast screening method for the assessment of low molecular weight thiols in human blood and plasma suitable for biomonitoring studies.
Effect of N dose, fertilisation duration and application of a nitrification inhibitor on GHG emissions from a peach orchard.
[RESULTS OF THE PRELIMINARY STUDY OF PLANTS OF GEORGIAN FLORA FOR THE CONTENT OF FLAVONOIDS AND TRITERPENOIDS].
Volatiles from African species of Croton (Euphorbiaceae), including new diterpenes in essential oil from Croton gratissimus.
Fungal deterioration of limestone false-door monument.
Fungal metabolic profile dataset was not influenced by long-term in vitro preservation of strains.
Comprehensive Stress-Based De Novo Transcriptome Assembly and Annotation of Guar (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba (L.) Taub.): An Important Industrial and Forage Crop.
Cytotoxic, antimicrobial and nitric oxide inhibitory activities of supercritical carbon dioxide extracted Prunus persica leaves.
Differential scaling between G1 protein production and cell size dynamics promotes commitment to the cell division cycle in budding yeast.
[Development of New Therapies for Neurodegenerative Diseases via Axonal Growth].
Covariation of diet and gut microbiome in African megafauna.
Nutritional value of Sesamum indicum L. was improved by Azospirillum and Azotobacter under low input of NP fertilizers.
Transcriptome analysis of two inflorescence branching mutants reveals cytokinin is an important regulator in controlling inflorescence architecture in the woody plant Jatropha curcas.
Clarification of the dispensability of PDX1.2 for Arabidopsis viability using CRISPR/Cas9.
Cell Wall Modifications in Giant Cells Induced by the Plant Parasitic Nematode Meloidogyne incognita in Wild-Type (Col-0) and the fra2 Arabidopsis thaliana Katanin Mutant.
Impact of Plant Growth Promoting Rhizobacteria in the Orchestration of Lycopersicon esculentum Mill. Resistance to Plant Parasitic Nematodes: A Metabolomic Approach to Evaluate Defense Responses Under Field Conditions.
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Hantavirus Cardiopulmonary Syndrome Transmission Risk in Brazil.
Multi-Tissue Transcriptomes Yield Information on High-Altitude Adaptation and Sex-Determination in Scutiger cf. sikimmensis.
Identification of high cadmium-accumulating oilseed sunflower (Helianthus annuus) cultivars for phytoremediation of an Oxisol and an Inceptisol.
Synthesis of titanium oxide nanoparticles using Aloe barbadensis mill and evaluation of its antibiofilm potential against Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1.
Improvement of catalytic properties of starch hydrolyzing fungal amyloglucosidase: Utilization of agar-agar as an organic matrix for immobilization.
Distinct metabolism of N-glucosides of isopentenyladenine and trans-zeatin determines cytokinin metabolic spectrum in Arabidopsis.
Structural basis of the mechanism of beta-methyl epimerization by enzyme MarH.
Peg Biology: Deciphering the Molecular Regulations Involved During Peanut Peg Development.
Predicting Zea mays Flowering Time, Yield, and Kernel Dimensions by Analyzing Aerial Images.
Temporal Dynamics of the Sap Microbiome of Grapevine Under High Pierce \' s Disease Pressure.
Heritable Changes in Physiological Gas Exchange Traits in Response to Long-Term, Moderate Free-Air Carbon Dioxide Enrichment.
Evolution of the Cell Wall Gene Families of Grasses.
Assessing Extreme Seed Longevity: The Value of Historic Botanical Collections to Modern Research.
A Novel Totivirus Naturally Occurring in Two Different Fungal Genera.
Myo-Inositol and Its Derivatives: Their Emerging Role in the Treatment of Human Diseases.
Social inclusion increases with time for zero-tillage wheat in the Eastern Indo-Gangetic Plains.
Study of As-resistant bacteria from Nadia, India and a survey of two As resistance-related proteins.
Silver nanoparticle probe for colorimetric detection of aminoglycoside antibiotics: picomolar level sensitivity toward streptomycin in water, serum, and milk samples.
Plant Reactome: a knowledgebase and resource for comparative pathway analysis.
Population-Specific Selection on Standing Variation Generated by Lateral Gene Transfers in a Grass.
Investigations on Antioxidative Potential of Poroid Medicinal Mushroom Porodaedalea pini (Agaricomycetes).
The Bogert Effect and environmental heterogeneity.
Ultrastructural and biochemical analyses reveal cell wall remodelling in lichen-forming microalga submitted to cyclic desiccation-rehydration.
Demography of the giant monocarpic herb Rheum nobile in the Himalayas and the effect of disturbances by grazing.
Alternative plant designs: consequences for community assembly and ecosystem functioning.
Removal and biotransformation of 4-nonylphenol by Arthrospira maxima and Chlorella vulgaris consortium.
Genetic contribution of paleopolyploidy to adaptive evolution in angiosperms.
Farnesol abrogates epithelial to mesenchymal transition process through regulating Akt/mTOR pathway.
Electrospray ionization mass spectrometry characterization of ubiquitous minor lipids and oligosaccharides in camel milk (Camelus dromedarius) and their inhibition of oxidative stress in human plasma.
Individual and Interactive Role of Trichoderma viride and Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi on Growth and Pigment Content of Onion Plants.
Die hard: timberline conifers survive annual winter embolism.
Anaesthesia with diethyl ether impairs jasmonate signalling in the carnivorous plant Venus flytrap (Dionaea muscipula).
Gyrodactylus ginestrae n. sp. (Monogenea: Gyrodactylidae), a parasite of the big-scale sand smelt, Atherina boyeri Risso, 1810 (Actinopterygii: Atherinidae) from the Black Sea.
Reassessing the role of morphology in bryophyte phylogenetics: combined data improves phylogenetic inference despite character conflict.
A family-level floristic inventory and analysis of medicinal plants used in Traditional African Medicine.
An examination of climate-driven flowering-time shifts at large spatial scales over 153 years in a common weedy annual.
A new p-terphenyl derivative from the fruiting bodies of Sarcodon imbricatus (L.) P. Karst.
Flavipesines A and B and Asperchalasines E-H: Cytochalasans and Merocytochalasans from Aspergillus flavipes.
Application of biological and single-strand conformation polymorphism assays for characterizing potential mild isolates of Citrus tristeza virus for cross protection.
Geographic variation of reproductive traits and competition for pollinators in a bird-pollinated plant.
Treatment patterns and survival in HER2-positive early breast cancer: a whole-of-population Australian cohort study (2007-2016).
Trait-based community assembly of epiphytic diatoms in saline astatic ponds: a test of the stress-dominance hypothesis.
From taxonomic deflation to newly detected cryptic species: Hidden diversity in a widespread African squeaker catfish.
Mapping footprints of past genetic exchange.
Genetic diversity of Salmonella enterica recovered from chickens farms and its potential transmission to human.
Challenging the diagnosis of  \' Havana Syndrome \'  as a novel clinical entity.
Responses of Rhizosphere Fungal Communities to the Sewage Sludge Application into the Soil.
Antibacterial and Antioxidant Potential of Silver Nanoparticles Biosynthesized Using the Spruce Bark Extract.
Combined effects of Rhizo-competitive Rhizosphere and Non-rhizosphere Bacillus in Plant Growth Promotion and Yield Improvement of Eleusine coracana (Ragi).
Is Betula carpatica genetically distinctive? A morphometric, cytometric and molecular study of birches in the Bohemian Massif with a focus on Carpathian birch.
Examining the support-supply and bud-packing hypotheses for the increase in toothed leaf margins in northern deciduous floras.
Therapeutic effects of Ziziphus jujuba Mill. fruit in traditional and modern medicine: a review.
Goethite-modified biochar restricts the mobility and transfer of cadmium in soil-rice system.
CO2 treatment improves the hypocholesterolemic and antioxidant properties of fenugreek seeds.
Pseudoprotodioscin inhibits SREBPs and microRNA 33a/b levels and reduces the gene expression regarding the synthesis of cholesterol and triglycerides.
Cloning, expression and nanodiscs assemble of recombinant HIV-1 gp41.
Traditional uses, phytochemistry, and pharmacology of Ficus hispida L.f.: A review.
Protective effects of flavonoid composition rich P. subpeltata Ortega. on indomethacin induced experimental ulcerative colitis in rat models of inflammatory bowel diseases.
Polyphasic characterization of two novel Lactobacillus spp. isolated from blown salami packages: Description of Lactobacillus halodurans sp. nov. and Lactobacillus salsicarnum sp. nov.
Towards a plant model for enigmatic U-to-C RNA editing: the organelle genomes, transcriptomes, editomes and candidate RNA editing factors in the hornwort Anthoceros agrestis.
Using Microbial Seed Coating for Improving Cowpea Productivity Under Low-Input Agricultural System.
Biomonitoring of environmental pollution in the vicinity of iron and steel smelters in southwestern Nigeria using transplanted lichens and mosses.
Enhanced accumulation of gibberellins rendered rice seedlings sensitive to ammonium toxicity.
Effect of L-Ornithine application on improving drought tolerance in sugar beet plants.
New indices regarding the dominance and diversity of communities, derived from sample variance and standard deviation.
Green synthesis of silver nanoparticle using Oscillatoria sp. extract, its antibacterial, antibiofilm potential and cytotoxicity activity.
Data of ecoenzyme activities in throughfall and rainfall samples taken at five subtropical forests in southern China.
Development of novel microsatellite markers for Alkanna tinctoria by comparative transcriptomics.
An empirical assessment of a single family-wide hybrid capture locus set at multiple evolutionary timescales in Asteraceae.
Transcriptome analysis of two radiated Cycas species and the subsequent species delimitation of the Cycas taiwaniana complex.
New insights into the heat responses of grape leaves via combined phosphoproteomic and acetylproteomic analyses.
The innervation of the male copulatory organ of spiders (Araneae) - a comparative analysis.
Large-scale genomic sequence data resolve the deepest divergences in the legume phylogeny and support a near-simultaneous evolutionary origin of all six subfamilies.
Sustainable bioenergy for climate mitigation: developing drought-tolerant trees and grasses.
The role of eukaryotic initiation factor 3 in plant translation regulation.
Non-structural carbohydrate and hydraulic dynamics during drought and recovery in Fraxinus ornus and Ostrya carpinifolia saplings.
Accuracy of de novo assembly of DNA sequences from double-digest libraries varies substantially among software.
Dodder-transmitted mobile signals prime host plants for enhanced salt tolerance.
Parasitism modifies the direct effects of warming on a hemiparasite and its host.
Nakamurella antarctica sp. nov., isolated from Antarctica South Shetland Islands soil.
Comparison of chloroplast genomes of Gynura species: sequence variation, genome rearrangement and divergence studies.
Expression profiles of cell-wall related genes vary broadly between two common maize inbreds during stem development.
Proposing the solar-wind energy flux hypothesis as a driver of inter-annual variation in tropical tree reproductive effort.
Enigmatic Phytomyxid Parasite of the Alien Seagrass Halophila stipulacea: New Insights into Its Ecology, Phylogeny, and Distribution in the Mediterranean Sea.
Diversity of PBI-DdeI satellite DNA in snakes correlates with rapid independent evolution and different functional roles.
Actin guides filamentous rhizoid growth and morphogenesis in the zoosporic fungus Chytriomyces hyalinus.
Melocochines A and B, Two Alkaloids from the Fruits of Melodinus cochinchinensis.
Natural selection in mimicry.
A global synthesis reveals biodiversity-mediated benefits for crop production.
Manganese-Doped Cerium Oxide Nanocomposite Induced Photodynamic Therapy in MCF-7 Cancer Cells and Antibacterial Activity.
Saksenaea dorisiae sp. nov., a New Opportunistic Pathogenic Fungus from Europe.
Taxonomy of the Sphaerostilbella broomeana-group (Hypocreales, Ascomycota).
First Report on Mermithid Parasitism (Enoplea: Mermithidae) in a Southeast Asian Spider (Araneae: Araneidae).
Dactylogyrids (Platyhelminthes: Monogenea) from Sudanese Labeo Spp., with a Description of Dogielius Sennarensis n. Sp. and a Redescription of Dogielius Flosculus Guegan, Lambert &amp; Euzet, 1989.
Additions to the knowledge of Ganoderma in Thailand: Ganoderma casuarinicola, a new record; and Ganoderma thailandicum sp. nov.
European species of Dendrostoma (Diaporthales).
Metal accumulation in the acrocarp moss Atrichum undulatum under controlled conditions.
The Sequence and a Three-Dimensional Structural Analysis Reveal Substrate Specificity Among Snake Venom Phosphodiesterases.
Screening for Plant Volatile Emissions with Allelopathic Activity and the Identification of L-Fenchone and 1,8-Cineole from Star Anise (Illicium verum) Leaves.
Novel Sources of Wheat Head Blast Resistance in Modern Breeding Lines and Wheat Wild Relatives.
The role of ambient temperature and body mass on body temperature, standard metabolic rate and evaporative water loss in southern African anurans of different habitat specialisation.
Expression of DnaK and HtrA genes under high temperatures and their impact on thermotolerance of a Salmonella serotype isolated from tahini product.
In vitro regeneration approaches for restoration of Ceropegia mohanramii-an endemic and critically endangered asclepiad.
Unusual developmental morphology and anatomy of vegetative organs in Utricularia dichotoma-leaf, shoot and root dynamics.
Phylogenetic dispersion and diversity in regional assemblages of seed plants in China.
Comprehensive Analysis and Functional Studies of WRKY Transcription Factors in Nelumbo nucifera.
Analysis of leaf microbiome composition of near-isogenic maize lines differing in broad-spectrum disease resistance.
Alkaline serine protease from the new halotolerant alkaliphilic Salipaludibacillus agaradhaerens strain AK-R: purification and properties.
Production of cutinase from Fusarium falciforme and its application for hydrophilicity improvement of polyethylene terephthalate fabric.
Vascular plants dataset of the herbarium (COFC) of the University of Cordoba, Spain.
New Entrants into Clinical Trials for Targeted Therapy of Breast Cancer: An Insight.
Dark septate endophytic fungi mitigate the effects of salt stress on cowpea plants.
Siderophore-assisted cadmium hyperaccumulation in Bacillus subtilis.
From bench to counter: Discovery and validation of a peony extract as tyrosinase inhibiting cosmeceutical.
The effect of lead pollution on nutrient solution pH and concomitant changes in plant physiology of two contrasting Solanum melongena L. cultivars.
Intradiurnal variation of predominant airborne fungal spore biopollutants in the Central European urban environment.
The complete chloroplast genomes of two species in threatened monocot genus Caldesia in China.
Piloting restoration initiatives in subtropical scrub forest: specifying areas asserting adaptive management.
Food Web Uncertainties Influence Predictions of Climate Change Effects on Soil Carbon Sequestration in Heathlands.
Co-occurring Fungal Functional Groups Respond Differently to Tree Neighborhoods and Soil Properties Across Three Tropical Rainforests in Panama.
Structural variation of the complete chloroplast genome and plastid phylogenomics of the genus Asteropyrum (Ranunculaceae).
The Fate of Deleterious Variants in a Barley Genomic Prediction Population.
Multimodal Microorganism Development: Integrating Top-Down Biological Engineering with Bottom-Up Rational Design.
Micronutrient Status and Selected Physiological Parameters of Roots in Nickel-Exposed Sinapis alba L. Affected by Different Sulphur Levels.
Novel Crosstalks between Circadian Clock and Jasmonic Acid Pathway Finely Coordinate the Tradeoff among Plant Growth, Senescence and Defense.
24-Epibrassinolide (EBR) Confers Tolerance against NaCl Stress in Soybean Plants by Up-Regulating Antioxidant System, Ascorbate-Glutathione Cycle, and Glyoxalase System.
Chemical Ecosystem Selection on Mineral Surfaces Reveals Long-Term Dynamics Consistent with the Spontaneous Emergence of Mutual Catalysis.
A promising growth promoting Meyerozyma caribbica from Solanum xanthocarpum alleviated stress in maize plants.
Integrating the underlying structure of stochasticity into community ecology.
 \' Purification of thonningianins A and B and four further derivatives from Thonningia sanguinea by one- and two-dimensional centrifugal partition chromatography.
The role of ultraviolet reflectance and pattern in the pollination system of Hypoxis camerooniana (Hypoxidaceae).
Ethylene and Phloem Signals Are Involved in the Regulation of Responses to Fe and P Deficiencies in Roots of Strategy I Plants.
Together But Different: The Subgenomes of the Bimodal Eleutherine Karyotypes Are Differentially Organized.
Dynamic control of plant water use using designed ABA receptor agonists.
Star-PAP regulates tumor protein D52 through modulating miR-449a/34a in breast cancer.
Draft Genome Sequence of Freshwater-Derived Streptomyces sp. Strain BPSDS2, Isolated from Damte Stream, Northeast India.
Hazards assessment of the intake of trace metals by common mallow (Malva parviflora K.) growing in polluted soils.
Defense responses in earthworms (Eisenia fetida) exposed to low-density polyethylene microplastics in soils.
Genomic impact of severe population decline in a nomadic songbird.
Three subfamilies of exocyst EXO70 family subunits in land plants: early divergence and ongoing functional specialization.
Deinococcus psychrotolerans sp. nov., isolated from soil on the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
The control of red color by a family of MYB transcription factors in octoploid strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa) fruits.
Rice of Northeast India harbor rich genetic diversity as measured by SSR markers and Zn/Fe content.
Nitrogen-fixing bacteria and Oxalis - evidence for a vertically inherited bacterial symbiosis.
Aspergillus niger upregulated glycerolipid metabolism and ethanol utilization pathway under ethanol stress.
Manipulation of beta-carotene levels in tomato fruits results in increased ABA content and extended shelf-life.
Pharmacological properties and their medicinal uses of Cinnamomum: a review.
Bioimaging structural signatures of the oomycete pathogen Sclerospora graminicola in pearl millet using different microscopic techniques.
Structural and In Vitro Functional Analyses of Novel Plant-Produced Anti-Human PD1 Antibody.
Acetic acid: a cost-effective agent for mitigation of seawater-induced salt toxicity in mung bean.
Glutamate dehydrogenase is essential in the acclimation of Virgilia divaricata, a legume indigenous to the nutrient-poor Mediterranean-type ecosystems of the Cape Fynbos.
Evaluation of bioherbicidal potential of Carica papaya leaves.
Quantitative assessment of plant-arthropod interactions in forest canopies: A plot-based approach.
Phenotypic characteristics contributing to the enhanced growth of Escherichia coli bloom strains.
HCN-producing Pseudomonas protegens CHA0 affects intraradical viability of Rhizophagus irregularis in Sorghum vulgare roots.
Arabidopsis thaliana Seed dormancy 4-Like regulates seed dormancy and germination by mediating the gibberellin pathway.
Genomic analysis reveals rich genetic variation and potential targets of selection during domestication of castor bean from perennial woody tree to annual semi-woody crop.
Evaluation of cytotoxicity, biochemical profile and yield components of groundnut plants treated with nano-selenium.
Environmental variables associated with Nothophaeocryptopus gaeumannii population structure and Swiss needle cast severity in Western Oregon and Washington.
Selection on multiple sexual signals in two Central and Eastern European populations of the barn swallow.
How do trees respond to species mixing in experimental compared to observational studies?
Genome-wide association studies using binned genotypes.
Cyathea gigantea (Cyatheaceae) as an antimicrobial agent against multidrug resistant organisms.
Toxicity of soil labile aluminum fractions and aluminum species in soil water extracts on the rhizosphere bacterial community of tall fescue.
Disinfectant-like activity of lipopeptide biosurfactant produced by Bacillus tequilensis strain SDS21.
Phosphorus spatial distribution and pollution risk assessment in agricultural soil around the Danjiangkou reservoir, China.
Photosynthetic metabolism during phosphate limitation in a legume from the Mediterranean-type Fynbos ecosystem.
Accelerated diversification correlated with functional traits shapes extant diversity of the early divergent angiosperm family Annonaceae.
Arabidopsis thaliana Plants Engineered To Produce Astaxanthin Show Enhanced Oxidative Stress Tolerance and Bacterial Pathogen Resistance.
Heteromorphic seeds of wheat wild relatives show germination niche differentiation.
Diversification and independent polyploid origins in the disjunct species Alyssum repens from the Southeastern Alps and the Carpathians.
Application of medicinal plants in several dermatovenerological entities.
Phenolic compounds of Iris adriatica and their antimycobacterial effects.
Nutrition - facts and myths.
A modern approach to the treatment of plaque psoriasis.
Influence of flavonoids \'  lipophilicity on platelet aggregation.
Screening of flavonoid aglycons \'  metabolism mediated by the human liver cytochromes P450.
Antithrombotic activity of flavonoids and polyphenols rich plant species.
Exceptionally high rates of positive selection on the rbcL gene in the genus Ilex (Aquifoliaceae).
PlantSimLab - a modeling and simulation web tool for plant biologists.
Enhanced Coproduction of Cell-Bound Zeaxanthin and Secreted Exopolysaccharides by Sphingobium sp. via Metabolic Engineering and Optimized Fermentation.
New diterpenoids from the rhizomes of Hedychium forrestii.
Plant and insect herbivore community variation across the Paleocene-Eocene boundary in the Hanna Basin, southeastern Wyoming.
Drivers of the relative richness of naturalized and invasive plant species on Earth.
Establishment and optimization of mRNA in situ hybridization system in turnip (Brassica rapa var. rapa).
Sustained wood burial in the Bengal Fan over the last 19 My.
Actinobacterial-Mediated Fabrication of Silver Nanoparticles and Their Broad Spectrum Antibacterial Activity Against Clinical Pathogens.
Silicon Priming Regulates Morpho-Physiological Growth and Oxidative Metabolism in Maize under Drought Stress.
Design, Synthesis, and Bioactivity Evaluation of Novel Isoxazole-Amide Derivatives Containing an Acylhydrazone Moiety as New Active Antiviral Agents.
Multiple-stressor effects of dicyandiamide (DCD) and agricultural stressors on trait-based responses of stream benthic algal communities.
New species of Bannoa described from the tropics and the first report of the genus in South America.
Phylogenetic complexities of the members of Rivulariaceae with the re-creation of the family Calotrichaceae and description of Dulcicalothrix necridiiformans gen nov., sp nov., and reclassification of Calothrix desertica.
Molecular characterization of Escherichia coli isolated from cheese and biocontrol of Shiga toxigenic E. coli with essential oils.
Associations between genomic ancestry, genome size and capitula morphology in the invasive meadow knapweed hybrid complex (Centaurea x moncktonii) in eastern North America.
Microfluidics and Metabolomics Reveal Symbiotic Bacterial-Fungal Interactions Between Mortierella elongata and Burkholderia Include Metabolite Exchange.
A taxonomic revision of the genus Selaginella (Selaginellaceae) from Nepal.
Characterization Of The Interaction Between Subviral Particles Of Hepatitis B Virus And Dendritic Cells - In Vitro Study.
Pyridine azo disperse dye derivatives and their selenium nanoparticles (SeNPs): synthesis, fastness properties, and antimicrobial evaluations.
Hydrogen peroxide metabolism in inter-kingdom interaction between bacteria and wheat seeds and seedlings.
Indian migrant women \' s experiences of motherhood and postnatal support in Australia: A qualitative study.
Plant organellar RNA editing: what 30 years of research has revealed.
Phenolic Constituents with Antioxidative, Tyrosinase Inhibitory and Anti-aging Activities from Dendrobium loddigesii Rolfe.
Multiple founder events explain the genetic diversity and structure of the model allopolyploid grass Brachypodium hybridum in the Iberian Peninsula hotspot.
Paronychia argentea Lam. protects renal endothelial cells against oxidative injury.
3-Hydrazinoisatin-based benzenesulfonamides as novel carbonic anhydrase inhibitors endowed with anticancer activity: Synthesis, in vitro biological evaluation and in silico insights.
Response of juveniles of seven forest tree species and their populations to different combinations of simulated climate change-related stressors: spring-frost, heat, drought, increased UV radiation and ozone concentration under elevated CO2 level.
Lignan enriched fraction (LRF) of Phyllanthus amarus promotes apoptotic cell death in human cervical cancer cells in vitro.
Remove, recycle, degrade - Regulating plasma membrane protein accumulation.
Botryosphaeriaceae associated with Acacia heterophylla (La Reunion) and Acacia koa (Hawaii).
Isolation of Phytochemicals from Bauhinia variegata L. Bark and Their In Vitro Antioxidant and Cytotoxic Potential.
Linking vein properties to leaf biomechanics across 58 woody species from a subtropical forest.
Reinvestigation of Herniaria glabra L. saponins and their biological activity.
Structural diversity and functional variability of gut microbial communities associated with honey bees.
Terpenoids from the Stems of Fissistigma polyanthoides and Their Anti-Inflammatory Activity.
Chromatin dynamics during interphase and cell division: similarities and differences between model and crop plants.
Arabidopsis FLYING SAUCER2 functions redundantly with FLY1 to establish normal seed coat mucilage.
Extensive mismatches between species distributions and performance and their relationship to functional traits.
Correction to: An update and reassessment of fern and lycophyte diversity data in the Japanese Archipelago.
Networked names: synonyms in eighteenth-century botany.
Redox homeostasis in the rice leaf growth zone plays a key role in cold tolerance.
Deciphering tea tree chloroplast and mitochondrial genomes of Camellia sinensis var. assamica.
Comment on "The global tree restoration potential".
Xylem embolism resistance determines leaf mortality during drought in Persea americana.
Divergent metabolic adjustments in nodules are indispensable for efficient N2 fixation of soybean under phosphate stress.
Photorespiration is the major alternative electron sink under high light in alpine evergreen sclerophyllous Rhododendron species.
Nanofertilizer use for sustainable agriculture: Advantages and limitations.
Ethnobotanical research in Cava de \'  Tirreni area, Southern Italy.
Global Actions for Managing Cactus Invasions.
Identification and Characterization of Tomato SWI3-Like Proteins: Overexpression of SlSWIC Increases the Leaf Size in Transgenic Arabidopsis.
A molecular update on the origin of the carpel.
Separating the effects of temperature and carbon allocation on the diel pattern of soil respiration in the different phenological stages in dry grasslands.
Population extinctions driven by climate change, population size, and time since observation may make rare species databases inaccurate.
Iron deficiency anaemia in school age children of District Tank Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, Pakistan.
Improvement of multiplex semi-nested PCR system for screening of rare mutations by high-throughput sequencing.
Recognition of Elicitors in Grapevine: From MAMP and DAMP Perception to Induced Resistance.
Candida albicans and Staphylococcus Species: A Threatening Twosome.
New combinations and synonyms in discoid caespitose Andean Senecio (Senecioneae, Compositae).
Isolation and characterization of an atypical LEA gene (IpLEA) from Ipomoea pes-caprae conferring salt/drought and oxidative stress tolerance.
Prebiotic Oligosaccharides Prepared by Enzymatic Degradation of Dietary Fibers in Rice Grains.
New Perspective on the Nanoplastics Disrupting the Reproduction of an Endangered Fern in Artificial Freshwater.
Ameliorating effects of biochar on photosynthetic efficiency and antioxidant defense of Phragmites karka under drought stress.
Cytochrome P450 family member CYP96B5 hydroxylates alkanes to primary alcohols and is involved in rice leaf cuticular wax synthesis.
A multiparametric organ toxicity predictor for drug discovery.
QTL Mapping for Protein and Sulfur-Containing Amino Acid Contents Using a High-Density Bin-Map in Soybean (Glycine max L. Merr.).
Canavanine-Induced Decrease in Nitric Oxide Synthesis Alters Activity of Antioxidant System but Does Not Impact S-Nitrosoglutathione Catabolism in Tomato Roots.
Genetic Analyses of the Arabidopsis ATG1 Kinase Complex Reveal Both Kinase-Dependent and Independent Autophagic Routes during Fixed-Carbon Starvation.
Aspergillus nidulans thermostable arginine deiminase-Dextran conjugates with enhanced molecular stability, proteolytic resistance, pharmacokinetic properties and anticancer activity.
The Effect of Cadmium on the Activity of Stress-Related Enzymes and the Ultrastructure of Pea Roots.
Integration of Transcriptomics and Metabolomics for Pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) in Response to Heat Stress.
Function of miR825 and miR825* as Negative Regulators in Bacillus cereus AR156-elicited Systemic Resistance to Botrytis cinerea in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Abiotic, present-day and historical effects on species, functional and phylogenetic diversity in dry grasslands of different age.
Systematic revision of the Tubifera casparyi-T. dictyoderma complex: Resurrection of the genus Siphoptychium and introduction of the new genus Thecotubifera.
Phialophora section Catenulatae disassembled: New genera, species, and combinations and a new family encompassing taxa with cleistothecial ascomata and phialidic asexual states.
Prevalence of Acidovorax citrulli in Commercial Cucurbit Seedlots During 2010-2018 in China.
Showing their mettle: Extraradical mycelia of arbuscular mycorrhizae form a metal filter to improve host Al tolerance and P nutrition.
Inhibition of NADPH Oxidase-Derived Reactive Oxygen Species Decreases Expression of Inflammatory Cytokines in A549 Cells.
Phyto-genotoxicity of arsenic contaminated soil from Lakhimpur Kheri, India on Vicia faba L.
Arabidopsis Roots and Light - Complex Interactions.
The assembly of the Cape flora is consistent with an edaphic rather than climatic filter.
MYB81, a microspore-specific GAMYB transcription factor, promotes pollen mitosis I and cell lineage formation in Arabidopsis.
Cell wall contributes to the stability of plasma membrane nanodomain organization of Arabidopsis thaliana FLOTILLIN2 and HYPERSENSITIVE INDUCED REACTION1 proteins.
Intrinsic role of bacterial secretion systems in phylogenetic niche conservation of Bradyrhizobium spp.
Histomorphology of the glans penis in Vespertilionidae and Phyllostomidae species (Chiroptera, Mammalia).
Parasitic infection of Cobitis elongatoides Bacescu &amp; Mayer, 1969 by zoonotic metacercariae Clinostomum complanatum (Rudolphi, 1814).
Report-Biochemical and molecular characterization of catalase enzyme in the saprobic fungus: Sordaria fimicola.
Identification and control of specific aflatoxin-producing fungi in stored maize seeds in awka using azadirachta indica (neem) and garcinia kola seeds.
Hypoglycemic potential of some seaweeds from Karachi coast of Pakistan.
Total Synthesis of (-)-Perezoperezone through an Intermolecular [5+2] Homodimerization of Hydroxy p-Quinone.
Exogenous application of nitric oxide donors regulates short-term flooding stress in soybean.
Plastome sequences help to improve the systematic position of trinerved Lindera species in the family Lauraceae.
The Kinase STATE TRANSITION 8 Phosphorylates Light Harvesting Complex II and Contributes to Light Acclimation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Generation of Superoxide by OeRbohH, a NADPH Oxidase Activity During Olive (Olea europaea L.) Pollen Development and Germination.
Phylogeny of Hawaiian Melicope (Rutaceae): RAD-seq Resolves Species Relationships and Reveals Ancient Introgression.
Role of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi in Plant Growth Regulation: Implications in Abiotic Stress Tolerance.
Corrigendum: Impact of Salicylic Acid and PGPR on the Drought Tolerance and Phytoremediation Potential of Helianthus annus.
New morphological and DNA evidence supports the existence of Calligonum jeminaicum Z. M. Mao (Calligoneae, Polygonaceae) in China.
Antibacterial activity of Salvadora persica against oral pathogenic bacterial isolates.
Exogenous application of beta-sitosterol mediated growth and yield improvement in water-stressed wheat (Triticum aestivum) involves up-regulated antioxidant system.
Delaying the biosynthesis of aromatic secondary metabolites in postharvest strawberry fruit exposed to elevated CO2 atmosphere.
Performance of optimized hyperspectral reflectance indices and partial least squares regression for estimating the chlorophyll fluorescence and grain yield of wheat grown in simulated saline field conditions.
Plastid phylogenomic insights into the evolution of the Caprifoliaceae s.l.(Dipsacales).
Activity profiling of barley vacuolar processing enzymes provides new insights into the plant and cyst nematode interaction.
Genome sequence and phylogenetic analysis of a novel comovirus from tabasco pepper (Capsicum frutescens).
Awareness and current knowledge of epilepsy.
Comparative Genomics and Transcriptomics to Analyze Fruiting Body Development in Filamentous Ascomycetes.
Corrigendum to "Improvement of rice plant productivity by native Cr(VI) reducing and plant growth promoting soil bacteria Enterobacter cloacae" [Chemosphere 240 (2020) 124895].
Differential soil fungus accumulation and density dependence of trees in a subtropical forest.
Evolutionary flexibility in flooding response circuitry in angiosperms.
Genome Size and Sex Chromosome Variability of Bed Bugs Feeding on Animal Hosts Compared to Cimex lectularius Parasitizing Human (Heteroptera: Cimicidae).
Assessment of anticancer activity of Pulicaria undulata on hepatocellular carcinoma HepG2 cell line.
[UPLC-Q-TOF-MS-based metabolomics study of celastrol].
[Study strategies on medicinal properties of foreign medicine introduced to traditional Chinese medicine].
Endophytic fungi from the medicinal herb Euphorbia geniculata as a potential source for bioactive metabolites.
Sexual and genotypic variation in terpene quantitative and qualitative profiles in the dioecious shrub Baccharis salicifolia.
Winter warming is ecologically more relevant than summer warming in a cool-temperate grassland.
The Forest Observation System, building a global reference dataset for remote sensing of forest biomass.
Basic proline-rich protein-mediated microtubules are essential for lobe growth and flattened cell geometry.
RNA-Seq analysis of Clerodendrum inerme (L.) roots in response to salt stress.
Sucrose Synthase Enhances Hull Size and Grain Weight by Regulating Cell Division and Starch Accumulation in Transgenic Rice.
Mycorrhizal symbiosis down-regulates or does not change root aquaporin expression in trifoliate orange under drought stress.
Involvement of nitrate reductase-dependent nitric oxide production in magnetopriming-induced salt tolerance in soybean.
Take one step backward to move forward: Assessment of genetic diversity and population structure of captive Asian woolly-necked storks (Ciconia episcopus).
Re-evaluation of a Tn5::gacA mutant of Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 uncovers roles for uvrC and anmK in promoting virulence.
Identity and pathogenicity of some fungi associated with hazelnut (Corylus avellana L.) trunk cankers in Oregon.
Root traits benefitting crop production in environments with limited water and nutrient availability.
The evolutionary potential of an insect invader under climate change.
Phosphate fertilizer premixing with farmyard manure enhances phosphorus availability in calcareous soil for higher wheat productivity.
Antiviral activity of five filamentous cyanobacteria against coxsackievirus B3 and rotavirus.
Ensembl Genomes 2020-enabling non-vertebrate genomic research.
Genetic diversity and structure of baobab (Adansonia digitata L.) in southeastern Kenya.
Eleven years \'  data of grassland management in Germany.
Secretion of Phospholipase Ddelta Functions as a Regulatory Mechanism in Plant Innate Immunity.
Enhanced Recovery of Antioxidant Compounds from Hazelnut (Corylus avellana L.) Involucre Based on Extraction Optimization: Phytochemical Profile and Biological Activities.
Investigation of In Vitro Antioxidant and Antibacterial Potential of Silver Nanoparticles Obtained by Biosynthesis Using Beech Bark Extract.
Multifaceted regulatory function of tomato SlTAF1 in the response to salinity stress.
Grazing disturbance promotes exotic annual grasses by degrading soil biocrust communities.
Lack of FIBRILLIN6 in Arabidopsis thaliana affects light acclimation and sulfate metabolism.
Standard reference material (SRM) DNA barcode library approach for authenticating Antidesma bunius (L.) Spreng. (bignay) derived herbal medicinal products.
Catalytic, Enantioselective Formal Synthesis of Monoterpene Indole Alkaloid (-)-Alstoscholarine.
High porosity with tiny pore constrictions and unbending pathways characterise the 3D structure of intervessel pit membranes in angiosperm xylem.
Methods for Isolation and Characterization of Nitrogen-Fixing Legume-Nodulating Bacteria.
Fluorimetric-Based Method to Detect and Quantify Total S-Nitrosothiols (SNOs) in Plant Samples.
Virtual issue: Ecology and evolution of pteridophytes in the era of molecular genetics.
Insights into the ecological roles and evolution of methyl-coenzyme M reductase-containing hot spring Archaea.
In silico screening of potential antidiabetic phytochemicals from Phyllanthus emblica against therapeutic targets of type 2 diabetes.
A new strategy to control Cucumber mosaic virus using fabricated NiO-nanostructures.
Population genomic analyses reveal connectivity via human-mediated transport across Populus plantations in North America and an undescribed sub-population of Sphaerulina musiva.
Successful treatment of refractory edema with traditional herbal medicine: A case report.
Influence of Medicinal Plant Extracts on the Growth of Oral Pathogens Streptococcus Mutans and Lactobacillus Acidophilus: An In-Vitro Study.
Whole genome sequencing of a novel, dichloromethane-fermenting Peptococcaceae from an enrichment culture.
Plant apomixis is rare in Himalayan high-alpine flora.
Microsporidia Nosema spp. - obligate bee parasites are transmitted by air.
Microbial Fortification Improved Photosynthetic Efficiency and Secondary Metabolism in Lycopersicon esculentum Plants Under Cd Stress.
Recent Advances in Kaempferia Phytochemistry and Biological Activity: A Comprehensive Review.
Chitosan and its oligosaccharides, a promising option for sustainable crop production- a review.
Industrial wastes: Fly ash, steel slag and phosphogypsum- potential candidates to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions from paddy fields.
A revised model for the role of GacS/GacA in regulating type III secretion by Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000.
UV-B priming of Oryza sativa var. Kanchana seedlings augments its antioxidative potential and gene expression of stress-response proteins under various abiotic stresses.
Mushrooms: an emerging resource for therapeutic terpenoids.
Combining morphology, behaviour and genomics to understand the evolution and ecology of microbial eukaryotes.
The Class II KNOX genes KNAT3 and KNAT7 work cooperatively to influence secondary cell wall deposition and provide mechanical support to Arabidopsis stems.
Morphological characterization, growth appraisal, and probing biofuels potential of newly isolated Scenedesmus sp. from desert Cholistan.
Nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide crosstalk during heavy metal stress in plants.
Navigating through the R packages for movement.
Pteridophytes in phytoremediation.
Enhancement of nitrogen assimilation and photosynthetic efficiency by novel iron pulsing technique in Oryza sativa L. var Pankaj.
Anti-inflammatory evaluation and structure-activity relationships of diterpenoids isolated from Euphorbia hylonoma.
Neopicrorhiza scrophulariiflora (Pennell) Hong: A comprehensive review of its traditional uses, phytochemistry, pharmacology and safety.
Two new 23S,26R-hydroxylated spirostanoid saponins from the fruits of Solanum indicum var. recurvatum.
Seroprevalence of Larval Toxocarosis in the Czech Republic.
Characterization of CYP71AX36 from Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L., Asteraceae).
Phylogeny and morphology of Lasiodiplodia species associated with Magnolia forest plants.
Chemical constituents of Streptomyces sp. strain Al-Dhabi-97 isolated from the marine region of Saudi Arabia with antibacterial and anticancer properties.
Understanding ecosystems of the future will require more than realistic climate change experiments - A response to Korell et al.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of novel copper-chelating acetylcholinesterase inhibitors with pyridine and N-benzylpiperidine fragments.
Dynamics of the microbial community during growth of the house dust mite Dermatophagoides farinae in culture.
Rhamnogalacturonan I is a determinant of cell-cell adhesion in poplar wood.
Chenopodium ficifolium flowers under long days without upregulation of FLOWERING LOCUS T (FT) homologs.
 \' The want of a proper Gardiner \' : late Georgian Scottish botanic gardeners as intermediaries of medical and scientific knowledge.
Medicinal Chemistry of Oxazines as Promising Agents in Drug Discovery.
Invasive grasses of sub-Antarctic Marion Island respond to increasing temperatures at the expense of chilling tolerance.
Author Correction: Continental scale structuring of forest and soil diversity via functional traits.
Prophylactic efficacy of Boerhavia diffusa L. aqueous extract in toluene induced reproductive and developmental toxicity in Drosophila melanogaster.
Polyphosphonium-oligochitosans decorated with nanosilver as new prospective inhibitors for common human enteric viruses.
Comparison of the Whole-Plastome Sequence between the Bonin Islands Endemic Rubus boninensis and Its Close Relative, Rubus trifidus (Rosaceae), in the Southern Korean Peninsula.
Compositional Features and Bioactive Properties of Aloe vera Leaf (Fillet, Mucilage, and Rind) and Flower.
Purification and Characterization of Anabaena flos-aquae Phenylalanine Ammonia-Lyase as a Novel Approach for Myristicin Biotransformation.
Phytochemical composition, beta-glucuronidase inhibition, and antioxidant properties of two fractions of Piper betle leaf aqueous extract.
Genomic and metabolic differences between Pseudomonas putida populations inhabiting sugarcane rhizosphere or bulk soil.
Interplay between REVEILLE1 and RGA-LIKE2 regulates seed dormancy and germination in Arabidopsis.
Biogenic silver nanoparticles as a more efficient contrivance for wound healing acceleration than common antiseptic medicine.
The synthesis of solasodine F-homo-analogues.
Characterizing gene tree conflict in plastome-inferred phylogenies.
Microbial communities associated with the black morel Morchella sextelata cultivated in greenhouses.
A draft genome and transcriptome of common milkweed (Asclepias syriaca) as resources for evolutionary, ecological, and molecular studies in milkweeds and Apocynaceae.
The rediscovery of the rare Vietnamese endemic Eriophorum scabriculme redefines generic limits in the Scirpo-Caricoid Clade (Cyperaceae).
Primulina serrulata (Gesneriaceae), a new species from southeastern Guizhou, China.
Accurate position exchange of stamen and stigma by movement in opposite direction resolves the herkogamy dilemma in a protandrous plant, Ajuga decumbens (Labiatae).
Plant respiration: Controlled by photosynthesis or biomass?
Decoding multifarious role of cow dung bacteria in mobilization of zinc fractions along with growth promotion of C. annuum L.
The bioavailability and contribution of the newly deposited heavy metals (copper and lead) from atmosphere to rice (Oryza sativa L.).
MALDI-TOF Mass Spectrometric Profiling of Spider Venoms.
Artemisia annua L. and photoresponse: from artemisinin accumulation, volatile profile and anatomical modifications to gene expression.
The effect of elevational gradient on alpine gingers (Roscoea alpina and R. purpurea) in the Himalayas.
Oreocharis tetrapterus (Gesneriaceae), a new species from East Guangxi, China.
Contrasting Biogeographic Patterns of Bacterial and Archaeal Diversity in the Top- and Subsoils of Temperate Grasslands.
Distinct Drivers of Core and Accessory Components of Soil Microbial Community Functional Diversity under Environmental Changes.
Recent Achievements in Medicinal and Supramolecular Chemistry of Betulinic Acid and Its Derivatives  .
Efficacy of Zea mays L. for the management of marble effluent contaminated soil under citric acid amendment; morpho-physiological and biochemical response.
Aluminium stress modulates the osmolytes and enzyme defense system in Fagopyrum species.
The effect of purine-type cytokinin on the proliferation and production of phenolic compounds in transformed shoots of Dracocephalum forrestii.
Alterbrassinoids A-D: Fusicoccane-Derived Diterpenoid Dimers Featuring Different Carbon Skeletons from Alternaria brassicicola.
Historical and current perspectives on therapeutic potential of higher basidiomycetes: an overview.
Orthologous nuclear markers and new transcriptomes that broadly cover the phylogenetic diversity of Acanthaceae.
Development and characterization of SSR markers for Sanguinaria canadensis based on genome skimming.
Light Modulates Ethylene Synthesis, Signaling, and Downstream Transcriptional Networks to Control Plant Development.
Genetic polymorphisms of 20 autosomal STR loci in the Han population of Putian City, Southeastern China.
Degradation of the transcription factors PIF4 and PIF5 under UV-B promotes UVR8-mediated hypocotyl growth inhibition in Arabidopsis.
The bracteatus pineapple genome and domestication of clonally propagated crops.
Structure of a C2S2M2N2-type PSII-LHCII supercomplex from the green alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
Interaction between VPS35 and RABG3f is necessary as a checkpoint to control fusion of late compartments with the vacuole.
Contemporary evolution of maize landraces and their wild relatives influenced by gene flow with modern maize varieties.
High-Level Heterologous Expression of Endo-1,4-beta-Xylanase from Penicillium citrinum in Pichia pastoris X-33 Directed through Codon Optimization and Optimized Expression.
Ecophysiological Plasticity and Cold Stress Adaptation in Himalayan Alpine Herbs: Bistorta affinis and Sibbaldia procumbens.
Next-Generation Genome Sequencing of Sedum plumbizincicola Sheds Light on the Structural Evolution of Plastid rRNA Operon and Phylogenetic Implications within Saxifragales.
A Preliminary Survey of Cultured Fusaria from Symptomatic Legume Grains in North-Eastern Poland.
Nutrient-demanding species face less negative competition and plant-soil feedback effects in a nutrient-rich environment.
Cancer susceptibility of beta HPV49 E6 and E7 transgenic mice to 4-nitroquinoline 1-oxide treatment correlates with mutational signatures of tobacco exposure.
Association between nucleotide excision repair gene polymorphism and colorectal cancer risk.
Sodium alginate potentiates antioxidant defense and PR proteins against early blight disease caused by Alternaria solani in Solanum lycopersicum Linn.
Prediction of Thiopurine Metabolite Levels Based on Haematological and Biochemical Parameters.
RP-HPLC estimation of flavonol derivatives and phenolic acids in Capsicum annuum L. and their correlation with in vitro anti-inflammatory activity.
Biochemical mechanisms regulating salt tolerance in sunflower.
Plant density and life history traits of Aconitum spicatum in North-central Nepal: effects of elevation and anthropogenic disturbances.
Antimicrobial photodynamic therapy on Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli using malachite green encapsulated mesoporous silica nanoparticles: an in vitro study.
Efficient Harvesting of Nannochloropsis Microalgae via Optimized Chitosan-Mediated Flocculation.
The effect of silver nitrate on micropropagation of Moringa oleifera Lam. an important vegetable crop of tropics with substantial nutritional value.
Drought-induced change in yield capacity of ten wheat cultivars in relation to their vegetative characteristics at heading stage.
Exogenously applied proline induced changes in key anatomical features and physio-biochemical attributes in water stressed oat (Avena sativa L.) plants.
Differential distributions of trafficking and signaling proteins of the maize ER-Golgi apparatus.
Horizon scanning for South African biodiversity: A need for social engagement as well as science.
Soil organic matter prevails over heavy metal pollution and vegetation as a factor shaping soil microbial communities at historical Zn-Pb mining sites.
Electronic and nanostructure engineering of bifunctional MoS2 towards exceptional visible-light photocatalytic CO2 reduction and pollutant degradation.
Salt stress alleviation in Pennisetum glaucum through secondary metabolites modulation by Aspergillus terreus.
Slowly but surely: gradual diversification and phenotypic evolution in the hyper-diverse tree fern family Cyatheaceae.
FIERY1 promotes microRNA accumulation by suppressing rRNA-derived small interfering RNAs in Arabidopsis.
Dry olive leaf extract attenuates DNA damage induced by estradiol and diethylstilbestrol in human peripheral blood cells in vitro.
A Novel Stay-Green Mutant of Rice with Delayed Leaf Senescence and Better Harvest Index Confers Drought Tolerance.
Chemically synthesized silver nanoparticles induced physio-chemical and chloroplast ultrastructural changes in broad bean seedlings.
Unbiased phosphoproteome profiling uncovers novel phosphoproteins and phosphorylation motifs in bermudagrass stolons.
Grape phylloxera (D. vitifoliae) manipulates SA/JA concentrations and signalling pathways in root galls of Vitis spp.
Osmoregulatory disturbance in Neotropical fish exposed to the crude extracts of the cyanobacterium, Radiocystis fernandoi.
Ecophysiological responses of Jatropha curcas L. seedlings to simulated acid rain under different soil types.
Alleviation of chromium toxicity in maize by Fe fortification and chromium tolerant ACC deaminase producing plant growth promoting rhizobacteria.
Genome-wide analysis of Anisakis simplex sensu lato: the role of carbohydrate metabolism genes in the parasite \' s development.
Developmental constraints and resource environment shape early emergence and investment in spines in saplings.
Histone tales: lysine methylation, a protagonist in Arabidopsis development.
Variation in Susceptibility of Tanoak to the NA1 and EU1 Lineages of Phytophthora ramorum, the Cause of Sudden Oak Death.
Rhizoglomus dalpeae, R. maiae, and R. silesianum, new species.
Limited evidence for spatial resource partitioning across temperate grassland biodiversity experiments.
New insight into the behaviour modifying activity of two natural sesquiterpenoids farnesol and nerolidol towards Myzus persicae (Sulzer) (Homoptera: Aphididae).
Surface-kinetics mediated mesoporous multipods for enhanced bacterial adhesion and inhibition.
Harnessing evolutionary diversification of primary metabolism for plant synthetic biology.
Agnes Arber, historian of botany and Darwinian sceptic.
Vermicomposting of citronella bagasse and paper mill sludge mixture employing Eisenia fetida.
Coralline algal calcification: A morphological and process-based understanding.
Overview of Genomic Tools for Circular Visualization in the Next-generation Genomic Sequencing Era.
Rarity of monodominance in hyperdiverse Amazonian forests.
Identification of the Arabidopsis calmodulin-dependent NAD+ kinase that sustains the elicitor-induced oxidative burst.
Comparison between the Transcriptomes of  \' KDML105 \'  Rice and a Salt-Tolerant Chromosome Segment Substitution Line.
The Effect of Silymarin Flavonolignans and Their Sulfated Conjugates on Platelet Aggregation and Blood Vessels Ex Vivo.
Arabidopsis NDL-AGB1 modules Play Role in Abiotic Stress and Hormonal Responses Along with Their Specific Functions.
2-Deoxyglycoside Conjugates of Lupane Triterpenoids with High Cytotoxic Activity-Synthesis, Activity, and Pharmacokinetic Profile.
Phytostabilization as a phytoremediation strategy for mitigating water pollutants by the floating macrophyte Ludwigia stolonifera (Guill. &amp; Perr.) P.H. Raven.
Two new ent-atisane diterpenes from Sapium sebiferum.
Oviposition by the vagrant eriophyoid mite Aculops allotrichus on leaves of black locust tree, Robinia pseudoacacia.
Direct and indirect influence of arbuscular mycorrhizae on enhancing metal tolerance of plants.
Polyploidy Index and Its Implications for the Evolution of Polyploids.
Common and Specific Mechanisms of Desiccation Tolerance in Two Gesneriaceae Resurrection Plants. Multiomics Evidences.
URM1-Mediated Ubiquitin-Like Modification Is Required for Oxidative Stress Adaptation During Infection of the Rice Blast Fungus.
Fungal Planet description sheets: 868-950.
A phylogenetic approach to a global supraspecific taxonomy of Cortinarius (Agaricales) with an emphasis on the southern mycota.
Lichens or endophytes? The enigmatic genus Leptosillia in the Leptosilliaceae fam. nov. (Xylariales), and Furfurella gen. nov. (Delonicicolaceae).
Pindara revisited - evolution and generic limits in Helvellaceae.
A phylogenetic and taxonomic revision of sequestrate Russulaceae in Mediterranean and temperate Europe.
Two new classes of Ascomycota: Xylobotryomycetes and Candelariomycetes.
Species-energy relationships of indigenous and invasive species may arise in different ways - a demonstration using springtails.
PECTIN ACETYLESTERASE9 Affects the Transcriptome and Metabolome and Delays Aphid Feeding.
Epigynumgenane-type pregnane glycosides from Epigynum cochinchinensis and their immunosuppressive activity.
Improvement of rice plant productivity by native Cr(VI) reducing and plant growth promoting soil bacteria Enterobacter cloacae.
Can secondary metabolites extracted from Moringa seeds suppress ammonia oxidizers to increase nitrogen use efficiency and reduce nitrate contamination in potato tubers?
A novel MYB transcription factor CaPHL8 provide clues about evolution of pepper immunity againstsoil borne pathogen.
Central European ethnomedical and officinal uses of peat, with special emphasis on the Tolpa peat preparation (TPP): An historical review.
Phylogenomics of the genus Populus reveals extensive interspecific gene flow and balancing selection.
Drought mediated physiological and molecular changes in muskmelon (Cucumis melo L.).
Editorial: Introducing Commentaries to Annals of Botany.
Prediction models for evaluating heavy metal uptake by Pisum sativum L. in soil amended with sewage sludge.
Polyamines (spermidine and putrescine) mitigate the adverse effects of manganese induced toxicity through improved antioxidant system and photosynthetic attributes in Brassica juncea.
Herbal Medicine for Dumping Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Self-compatibility and autonomous selfing of plants in meadow communities.
Nested PCR assay for specific and sensitive detection of Alternaria carthami.
Symbiosis at its limits: ecophysiological consequences of lichenization to the genus Prasiola in Antarctica.
Combination of Transcriptomic, Proteomic, and Metabolomic Analysis Reveals the Ripening Mechanism of Banana Pulp.
A distinct lineage of giant viruses brings a rhodopsin photosystem to unicellular marine predators.
Factors driving the seasonal and hourly variability of sea-spray aerosol number in the North Atlantic.
The calmodulin-binding protein IQM1 interacts with CATALASE2 to affect pathogen defense.
Concepts and Quality Considerations in Unani System of Medicine.
Alleviation of Phytophthora infestans Mediated Necrotic Stress in the Transgenic Potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) with Enhanced Ascorbic acid Accumulation.
Metal Resistant Endophytic Bacteria Reduces Cadmium, Nickel Toxicity, and Enhances Expression of Metal Stress Related Genes with Improved Growth of Oryza Sativa, via Regulating Its Antioxidant Machinery and Endogenous Hormones.
Interaction between Bean and Colletotrichum gloeosporioides: Understanding Through a Biochemical Approach.
Metabolic Variations of Flavonoids in Leaves of T. media and T. mairei Obtained by UPLC-ESI-MS/MS.
Assessment of Antioxidant and Cytotoxic Activities of Extracts of Dendrobium crepidatum.
Spatial Heterogeneity of Cadmium Effects on Salvia sclarea Leaves Revealed by Chlorophyll Fluorescence Imaging Analysis and Laser Ablation Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometry.
Alpha-Glucosidase and Alpha-Amylase Inhibitory Activities of Novel Abietane Diterpenes from Salvia africana-lutea.
Role of Galactolipids in Plastid Differentiation Before and After Light Exposure.
Biological and Chemical Insights of Beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) Bark: A Source of Bioactive Compounds with Functional Properties.
Mercury resistance and bioremediation mediated by endophytic fungi.
Progress in using chemical biology as a tool to uncover novel regulators of plant endomembrane trafficking.
The evolution of crops that do not need us anymore.
Phylogenomics in Cactaceae: A case study using the chollas sensu lato (Cylindropuntieae, Opuntioideae) reveals a common pattern out of the Chihuahuan and Sonoran deserts.
Deacetylation of LAMP1 drives lipophagy-dependent generation of free fatty acids by Abrus agglutinin to promote senescence in prostate cancer.
Unique Epigenetic Features of Ribosomal RNA Genes (rDNA) in Early Diverging Plants (Bryophytes).
High Genetic Diversity and Species Complexity of Diaporthe Associated With Grapevine Dieback in China.
Triterpene-farnesyl hydroquinone conjugates from Ganoderma calidophilum.
Update on plant cytokinesis: rule and divide.
Spermine application alleviates salinity induced growth and photosynthetic inhibition in Solanum lycopersicum by modulating osmolyte and secondary metabolite accumulation and differentially regulating antioxidant metabolism.
The cyanobacterial oligopeptides microginins induce DNA damage in the human hepatocellular carcinoma (HepG2) cell line.
Corrigendum to "A comprehensive kelp phylogeny sheds light on the evolution of an ecosystem" [Mol. Phylogenet. Evol. 136 (2019) 138-150].
Clinically important microbial diversity and its antibiotic resistance pattern towards various drugs.
Anaphylaxis to ginger induced by herbal medicine.
Supplementation of Trichoderma improves the alteration of nutrient allocation and transporter genes expression in rice under nutrient deficiencies.
Ultrasonic seed treatment improved cadmium (Cd) tolerance in Brassica napus L.
Molecular networking-based strategy for the discovery of polyacetylated 18-norspirostanol saponins from Trillium tschonoskii maxim.
Botany, traditional uses, phytochemistry and biological activities of cardamom [Elettaria cardamomum (L.) Maton] - A critical review.
Cost-Effective Profiling of Mutator Transposon Insertions in Maize by Next-Generation Sequencing.
Reactive oxygen species, auxin and nitric oxide in metal-stressed roots: toxicity or defence.
Precipitation mediates sap flux sensitivity to evaporative demand in the neotropics.
Stem cell fate in hypoxic root apical meristems is influenced by phytoglobin expression.
Extinction debts and colonization credits of non-forest plants in the European Alps.
Diversity and Host Specificity Revealed by Biological Characterization and Whole Genome Sequencing of Bacteriophages Infecting Salmonella enterica.
Mechanochemical Synthesis and Isomerization of N-Substituted Indole-3-carboxaldehyde Oximes  .
Plant Extracts and Reactive Oxygen Species as Two Counteracting Agents with Anti- and Pro-Obesity Properties.
Grapevine water relations and rooting depth in karstic soils.
Epitope imprinting of Mycobacterium leprae bacteria via molecularly imprinted nanoparticles using multiple monomers approach.
TTTCA repeat insertions in an intron of YEATS2 in benign adult familial myoclonic epilepsy type 4.
Genetic evidence for plural introduction pathways of the invasive weed Paterson \' s curse (Echium plantagineum L.) to southern Australia.
The world needs BRICS countries to build capacity in invasion science.
Evolutionary networks from RADseq loci point to hybrid origins of Medicago carstiensis and Medicago cretacea.
Effect of taurine on ethanol-induced oxidative stress in mouse liver and kidney.
Corrigendum to "Ecological studies of Commiphora genus (myrrha) in Makkah region, Saudi Arabia" [Heliyon 5 (5) (May 2019) e01615].
Responses of weed community, soil nutrients, and microbes to different weed management practices in a fallow field in Northern China.
Road avoidance and its energetic consequences for reptiles.
Altitudinal biodiversity patterns of seed plants along Gongga Mountain in the southeastern Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau.
No evidence for local adaptation and an epigenetic underpinning in native and non-native ruderal plant species in Germany.
Microsatellite based genetic diversity of the widespread epiphytic lichen Usnea subfloridana (Parmeliaceae, Ascomycota) in Estonia: comparison of populations from the mainland and an island.
Spiradiclis tubiflora (Rubiaceae), a new cave-dwelling species from southern China.
Taxonomic and nomenclatural notes on Pedicularis (Orobanchaceae): I. One new species from northwest Yunnan, China.
Primula dongchuanensis (Primulaceae), a new species from northern Yunnan, China.
Two new species of Henckelia (Gesneriaceae) from Southeastern Yunnan, China.
Dendrocalamus menghanensis (Poaceae, Bambusoideae), a new woody bamboo from Yunnan, China.
Yushania tongpeii (Poaceae, Bambusoideae), a new bamboo species from north-eastern Yunnan, China.
Two new species of Cylindrolobus (Orchidaceae) from the eastern Himalayas.
Marsdenia yarlungzangboensis (Apocynaceae, Asclepiadoideae), a new species from Xizang, China.
Lysimachia fanii, a new species of Primulaceae from limestone area of Guangxi, China.
Gentianella macrosperma, a new species of Gentianella (Gentianaceae) from Xinjiang, China.
Ceropegia jinshaensis (Apocynaceae), a new species from northwestern Yunnan, China.
Bulbophyllum reflexipetalum (Orchidaceae, Epidendroideae, Malaxideae), a new species from Xizang, China.
A new species of Amentotaxus (Taxaceae) from China, Vietnam, and Laos.
China \' s biodiversity hotspots revisited: A treasure chest for plants.
Anti-virulence activities of biflavonoids from Mesua ferrea L. flower.
Herbal or traditional medicine consumption in a Thai worker population: pattern of use and therapeutic control in chronic diseases.
Gas exchange, biomass and non-structural carbohydrates dynamics in vines under combined drought and biotic stress.
Validation of Cadherin HAV6 Peptide in the Transient Modulation of the Blood-Brain Barrier for the Treatment of Brain Tumors.
Identification and Expression Analysis of GRAS Transcription Factors to Elucidate Candidate Genes Related to Stolons, Fruit Ripening and Abiotic Stresses in Woodland Strawberry (Fragaria vesca).
Roles of the INO80 and SWR1 Chromatin Remodeling Complexes in Plants.
Functional characterization of three novel genes encoding diacylglycerol acyltransferase (DGAT) from oil-rich tubers of Cyperus esculentus.
HCPro suppression of callose deposition contributes to strain specific resistance against Potato virus Y.
Temporal Dynamics of wheat blast epidemics and agreement between remotely sensed data measurements and visual estimations of wheat spike blast (WSB) under field conditions.
Application of 18S rDNA Clone Library to Detect Diatom Population Diversity in Dianchi.
Are we close to knowing the plant diversity of the Amazon?
The interactive effects of mowing and N addition did not weaken soil net N mineralization rates in semi-arid grassland of Northern China.
Ovarian Cancer: Differentially Expressed microRNAs in Tumor Tissue and Cell-Free Ascitic Fluid as Potential Novel Biomarkers.
The onset of xylogenesis in Smith fir is not related to outer bark thickness.
Grazing simplifies soil micro-food webs and decouples their relationships with ecosystem functions in grasslands.
Identification of the quantitative trait loci controlling spike-related traits in hexaploid wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
An update and reassessment of fern and lycophyte diversity data in the Japanese Archipelago.
Association genetics of bunch weight and its component traits in East African highland banana (Musa spp. AAA group).
Taxonomic traits in the microstructure of flowers of parasitic Orobanche picridis with particular emphasis on secretory structures.
Jasmonates-Mediated Rewiring of Central Metabolism Regulates Adaptive Responses.
Comparative expression analysis of heavy metal ATPase subfamily genes between Cd-tolerant and Cd-sensitive turnip landraces.
Heterologous expression of HpBHY and CrBKT increases heat tolerance in Physcomitrella patens.
Forest characteristics and population structure of Glyptostrobus pensilis, a globally endangered relict species of southeastern China.
Phylogenomic analyses reveal intractable evolutionary history of a temperate bamboo genus (Poaceae: Bambusoideae).
The role of PKAc1 in gene regulation and trichodimerol production in Trichoderma reesei.
New Oligoneuriidae (Insecta, Ephemeroptera) from Iran.
Adaptive signals of flowering time pathways in wild barley from Israel over 28 generations.
Synergistic Cytotoxicity of Renieramycin M and Doxorubicin in MCF-7 Breast Cancer Cells.
Acetylation of Eugenol over 12-Molybdophosphoric Acid Anchored in Mesoporous Silicate Support Synthesized from Flint Kaolin.
Manganese co-localizes with calcium and phosphorus in Chlamydomonas acidocalcisomes and is mobilized in Mn-deficient conditions.
Phylogeny and historical biogeography of Lithospermeae (Boraginaceae): disentangling the possible causes of Miocene diversifications.
New aporphine alkaloids with selective cytotoxicity against glioma stem cells from Thalictrum foetidum.
Nitric oxide modulates polyamine homeostasis in sunflower seedling cotyledons under salt stress.
Nitric oxide and light co-regulate glycine betaine homeostasis in sunflower seedling cotyledons by modulating betaine aldehyde dehydrogenase transcript levels and activity.
A novel phytoremediation method assisted by magnetized water to decontaminate soil Cd based on harvesting senescent and dead leaves of Festuca arundinacea.
Phylogeny, origin and dispersal of Saussurea (Asteraceae) based on chloroplast genome data.
Iron and manganese co-limit growth of the Southern Ocean diatom Chaetoceros debilis.
A splice variant of BrrWSD1 in turnip (Brassica rapa var. rapa) and its possible role in wax ester synthesis under drought stress.
Leaf Area Index Estimation Using Three Distinct Methods in Pure Deciduous Stands.
In silico screening of anti-inflammatory compounds from Lichen by targeting cyclooxygenase-2.
Temporal turnover of the flora of lake islands: The island of Lake Pamvotis (Epirus, Greece).
Nomenclatural changes in Coleus and Plectranthus (Lamiaceae): a tale of more than two genera.
Synopsis of the tribe Stipeae (Poaceae) in Nepal.
Genome Sequence of Striga asiatica Provides Insight into the Evolution of Plant Parasitism.
Sample-Size Determination Methodologies for Machine Learning in Medical Imaging Research: A Systematic Review.
Synthesis and characterization of crustin capped titanium dioxide nanoparticles: Photocatalytic, antibacterial, antifungal and insecticidal activities.
Encapsulation of Bunium persicum essential oil using chitosan nanopolymer: Preparation, characterization, antifungal assessment, and thermal stability.
Shedding light on the presymbiontic phase of C. arietinum.
Moderate halophilic bacteria, but not extreme halophilic archaea can alleviate the toxicity of short-alkyl side chain imidazolium-based ionic liquids.
Plant-insect-microbe interaction: A love triangle between enemies in ecosystem.
Seroprevalence and molecular characterization of Brucella species in naturally infected cattle and sheep.
Hypoxia and associated feedbacks at sediment-water interface as an early warning signal of resilience shift in an anthropogenically impacted river.
A Molecular Framework for the Control of Adventitious Rooting by the TIR1/AFB2-Aux/IAA-Dependent Auxin Signaling in Arabidopsis.
Ethnobotanical study of medicinal plants in the Adrar Province, Mauritania.
Strain improvement and immobilization technique for enhanced production of the anticancer drug paclitaxel by Aspergillus fumigatus and Alternaria tenuissima.
Resequencing 545 ginkgo genomes across the world reveals the evolutionary history of the living fossil.
The paleoclimatic footprint in the soil carbon stock of the Tibetan permafrost region.
Integrative analysis from the epigenome to translatome uncovers patterns of dominant nuclear regulation during transient stress.
The antioxidative effects of bioactive products from Sargassum polycystum C. Agardh and Sargassum duplicatum J. Agardh against inflammation and other pathological issues.
Antimicrobial activity, antiaflatoxigenic potential and in situ efficacy of novel formulation comprising of Apium graveolens essential oil and its major component.
Fossil evidence reveals how plants responded to cooling during the Cretaceous-Paleogene transition.
The functional identification of glycine-rich TtASR from Tetragonia tetragonoides (Pall.) Kuntze involving in plant abiotic stress tolerance.
Influence of nutrient supplementation and starvation conditions on the biomass and lipid productivities of Micractinium reisseri grown in wastewater for biodiesel production.
Phylogenomics disentangles the evolutionary history of spruces (Picea) in the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau: Implications for the design of population genetic studies and species delimitation of conifers.
First report of laticifers in lianas of Malpighiaceae and their phylogenetic implications.
Ensemble docking-based virtual screening toward identifying inhibitors against Wee1 kinase.
Dataset on structure-antioxidant activity relationship of active oxygen catalytic lignin and lignin-carbohydrate complex.
Dataset on functional and chemical properties of the medicinal halophyte Polygonum maritimum L. under greenhouse cultivation.
Production of metabolites of the anti-cancer drug noscapine using a P450BM3 mutant library.
Influence of gibberellic acid and different salt concentrations on germination percentage and physiological parameters of oat cultivars.
Bacillus subtilis: A plant-growth promoting rhizobacterium that also impacts biotic stress.
Antibiotic-resistant Staphylococcus epidermidis isolated from patients and healthy students comparing with antibiotic-resistant bacteria isolated from pasteurized milk.
Polyphasic characterization of Delftia acidovorans ESM-1, a facultative methylotrophic bacterium isolated from rhizosphere of Eruca sativa.
Biosynthesis of silver nanoparticles by using of the marine brown alga Padina pavonia and their characterization.
Impact of off-road vehicles on soil and vegetation in a desert rangeland in Saudi Arabia.
Identification of phytochemical components from Aerva lanata (Linn.) medicinal plants and its in-vitro inhibitory activity against drug resistant microbial pathogens and antioxidant properties.
Chemical composition of the essential oil and n-hexane extract of Stachys tmolea subsp. Tmolea Boiss., an endemic species of Turkey, and their mosquitocidal activity against dengue vector Aesdes aegypti.
Microstructural and histochemical analysis of aboveground organs of Centaurea cyanus used in herbal medicine.
The Trouble with Trees: Afforestation Plans for Africa.
Ectopic Expression of a R2R3-MYB Transcription Factor Gene LjaMYB12 from Lonicera japonica Increases Flavonoid Accumulation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Activity of 2,6,9-trisubstituted purines as potent PDGFRalpha kinase inhibitors with antileukaemic activity.
Integrating transcriptomic network reconstruction and eQTL analyses reveals mechanistic connections between genomic architecture and Brassica rapa development.
Phyllosticta citricarpa and sister species of global importance to Citrus.
Metabolomic and gene expression approaches reveal the developmental and environmental regulation of the secondary metabolism of yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius, Asteraceae).
The formation of a camalexin-biosynthetic metabolon.
The abundance of epiphytic liverworts on the bark of Cryptomeria japonica in relation to different physical and biochemical attributes, found in Senchal Wildlife Sanctuary, Darjeeling, Eastern Himalaya.
Comparative proteomic analysis provides new insights into the specialization of shoots and stolons in bermudagrass (Cynodon dactylon L.).
Abscisic acid induced cellular responses of sub1A QTL to aluminium toxicity in rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Orchid seed sensitivity to nitrate reflects habitat preferences and soil nitrate content.
Activities of key enzymes in the C4 pathway and anatomy of sugarcane infected by Leifsoniaxyli subsp. xyli.
Soil and stand structure explain shrub mortality patterns following global change type-drought and extreme precipitation.
Plant species \'  range type determines local responses to biotic interactions and land use.
Cardiotonic steroids as potential Na+/K+-ATPase inhibitors - a computational study.
Resistance is futile: RNA-sequencing reveals differing responses to bat fungal pathogen in Nearctic Myotis lucifugus and Palearctic Myotis myotis.
Correction to: De novo genome assembly of the endangered Acer yangbiense, a plant species with extremely small populations endemic to Yunnan De novo genome assembly of the endangered Acer yangbiense, a plant species with extremely small populations endemic to Yunnan Province, China.
Genetic diversity, phylogenetic structure and development of core collections in Melilotus accessions from a Chinese gene bank.
Endemic diversity and distribution of the Iranian vascular flora across phytogeographical regions, biodiversity hotspots and areas of endemism.
Synthesis and biological characterization of silver nanoparticles derived from the cyanobacterium Oscillatoria limnetica.
Role of mineral nutrition in alleviation of heat stress in cotton plants grown in glasshouse and field conditions.
Mathematical modeling for bioprocess optimization of a protein drug, uricase, production by Aspergillus welwitschiae strain 1-4.
Antioxidant and phytochemical activities of Amaranthus caudatus L. harvested from different soils at various growth stages.
The phyllotaxis of the aortic valve.
Anacardium Plants: Chemical,Nutritional Composition and Biotechnological Applications.
Regulation of Ascorbate-Glutathione Pathway in Mitigating Oxidative Damage in Plants under Abiotic Stress.
A DAO1-Mediated Circuit Controls Auxin and Jasmonate Crosstalk Robustness during Adventitious Root Initiation in Arabidopsis.
Hybrid Sequencing of Full-Length cDNA Transcripts of the Medicinal Plant Scutellaria baicalensis.
Combining the wisdoms of traditional medicine with cutting-edge science and technology at the forefront of medical sciences.
Forecasting the seasonal pollen index by using a hidden Markov model combining meteorological and biological factors.
Evolution of clonal growth forms in angiosperms.
Mating system variation in hybrid zones: facilitation, barriers and asymmetries to gene flow.
Phylogenetic shifts in gene body methylation correlate with gene expression and reflect trait conservation.
Root-Shoot Communication in Tomato Plants: Cytokinin as a Signal Molecule Modulating Leaf Photosynthetic Activity.
Plastome reduction in the only parasitic gymnosperm Parasitaxus is due to losses of photosynthesis but not housekeeping genes and apparently involves the secondary gain of a large inverted repeat.
Cytotoxic Limonoids from the Twigs and Leaves of Toona ciliata.
Strengthening mycorrhizal research in South America.
Glutathione and hydrogen sulfide are required for sulfur-mediated mitigation of Cr(VI) toxicity in tomato, pea and brinjal seedlings.
The Bacillus subtilis endospore crust: protein interaction network, architecture and glycosylation state of a potential glycoprotein layer.
Long non-coding RNAs: Fine-tuning the developmental responses in plants.
An integrated computational approach to identify GC minor groove binders using various molecular docking scoring functions, dynamics simulations, and binding free energy calculations.
Genome sequence resource for Spiroplasma citri, strain CC-2, associated with citrus stubborn disease in California.
Differences in root phenology and water depletion by an invasive grass explains persistence in a Mediterranean ecosystem.
Response of a coastal Baltic Sea diatom-dominated phytoplankton community to experimental heat shock and changing salinity.
New record of the rare genus Crinalium Crow (Oscillatoriales, Cyanobacteria) from sand dunes of the Baltic Sea, Germany: epitypification and emendation of Crinalium magnum Fritsch et John based on an integrative approach.
Alpha-tocopherol fertigation confers growth physio-biochemical and qualitative yield enhancement in field grown water deficit wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
A subfamily roadmap for functional glycogenomics of the evolutionarily diverse Glycoside Hydrolase Family 16 (GH16).
Phosphorus and Nitrogen Modulate Plant Performance in Shrubby Legumes from the Iberian Peninsula.
Bioengineering of Piper longum L. extract mediated silver nanoparticles and their potential biomedical applications.
Research questions to facilitate the future development of European long-term ecosystem research infrastructures: A horizon scanning exercise.
Restoration dilemmas between future ecosystem and current species values: The concept and a practical approach in Estonian mires.
Recent advances in the targeting of human DNA ligase I as a potential new strategy for cancer treatment.
Phylotranscriptomics resolves interspecific relationships and indicates multiple historical out-of-North America dispersals through the Bering Land Bridge for the genus Picea (Pinaceae).
Myristica fragrans bio-active ester functionalized ZnO nanoparticles exhibit antibacterial and antibiofilm activities in clinical isolates.
Testing for changes in biomass dynamics in large-scale forest datasets.
Rising air humidity during spring does not trigger leaf-out timing in temperate woody plants.
RP-HPLC analysis of diterpene lactones in leaves and stem of different species of Andrographis.
Genetic rescue by distant trees mitigates qualitative pollen limitation imposed by fine-scale spatial genetic structure.
Fungal endophytes of Plumbago zeylanica L. enhances plumbagin content.
Characterization of two tea glutamate decarboxylase isoforms involved in GABA production.
Design and synthesis of novel artemisinin derivatives with potent activities against colorectal cancer in vitro and in vivo.
C28 steroids from the fruiting bodies of Ganoderma resinaceum with potential anti-inflammatory activity.
Phenolic acid and flavonoid production in agar, agitated and bioreactor-grown microshoot cultures of Schisandra chinensis cv. Sadova No. 1 - A valuable medicinal plant.
Employing virtual screening and molecular dynamics simulations for identifying hits against the active cholera toxin.
Identification of novel phytocannabinoids from Ganoderma by label-free dynamic mass redistribution assay.
Non-random medicinal plants selection in the Kichwa community of the Ecuadorian Amazon.
Electrochemical sensing of anti-inflammatory agent in paramedical sample based on FeMoSe2 modified SPCE: Comparison of various preparation methods and morphological effects.
The putative role of endogenous nitric oxide in brassinosteroid-induced antioxidant defence system in pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) plants under water stress.
Drought-Mediated Changes in Tree Physiological Processes Weaken Tree Defenses to Bark Beetle Attack.
Phylogeography of Begonia luzhaiensis suggests both natural and anthropogenic causes for the marked population genetic structure.
Characterization and chromium biosorption potential of extruded polymeric substances from Synechococcus mundulus induced by acute dose of gamma irradiation.
Tropane alkaloids biosynthesis involves an unusual type III polyketide synthase and non-enzymatic condensation.
Revealing the metabolic capacity of Streblomastix strix and its bacterial symbionts using single-cell metagenomics.
From multi-target anticoagulants to DOACs, and intrinsic coagulation factor inhibitors.
Acoapetaludines A-K, C20 and C19-diterpenoid alkaloids from the whole plants of Aconitum apetalum (Huth) B.Fedtsch.
Stoichiometric control on riparian wetland carbon and nutrient dynamics under different land uses.
Knowledge, attitude &amp; practices (KAPs) regarding rabies endemicity among the community members, Pakistan.
High production of carotenoids by the green microalga Asterarcys quadricellulare PUMCC 5.1.1 under optimized culture conditions.
Beetroot mineral composition affected by mineral and organic fertilization.
Asperpyridone A: An Unusual Pyridone Alkaloid Exerts Hypoglycemic Activity through the Insulin Signaling Pathway.
High umbilical cord blood lead levels and "calabar chalk" consumption amongst pregnant women in two hospitals in Cameroon.
Ethylene-mediated nitric oxide depletion pre-adapts plants to hypoxia stress.
Chemical screening pipeline for identification of specific plant autophagy modulators.
beta-Aminobutyric Acid Priming Acquisition and Defense Response of Mango Fruit to Colletotrichum gloeosporioides Infection Based on Quantitative Proteomics.
Effect of gibberellic acid on growth, photosynthesis and antioxidant defense system of wheat under zinc oxide nanoparticle stress.
Phospho-mutant activity assays provide evidence for alternative phospho-regulation pathways of the transcription factor FIT.
Antimicrobial, Antioxidant and Larvicidal Activities of Spherical Silver Nanoparticles Synthesized by Endophytic Streptomyces spp.
Drivers of productivity and its temporal stability in a tropical tree diversity experiment.
Secondary forest fragments offer important carbon-biodiversity co-benefits.
A study on the impact of fire crackers on airborne microflora during diwali.
Data for life cycle assessment of legume biorefining for alcohol.
The effects of density on size-dependent gender plasticity in the monoecious species Sagittaria potamogetifolia (Alismataceae).
Optimizing the fermentation conditions and enhanced production of keratinase from Bacillus cereus isolated from halophilic environment.
Implications of advanced oxidation protein products (AOPPs), advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and other biomarkers in the development of cardiovascular diseases.
Threatened Prunus arabica in an ancient volcanic protected area of Saudi Arabia: Floristic diversity and plant associations.
Enhanced production of fibrinolytic enzyme by a new Xanthomonas oryzae IND3 using low-cost culture medium by response surface methodology.
Divergent selection and genetic structure of Sideritis scardica populations from southern Balkan Peninsula as revealed by AFLP fingerprinting.
A novel hypothesis for the role of photosynthetic physiology in shaping macroevolutionary patterns.
ECERIFERUM11 / C-TERMINAL DOMAIN PHOSPHATASE LIKE 2 affects secretory trafficking.
Roles of Hardened Husks and Membranes Surrounding Brachypodium hybridum Grains on Germination and Seedling Growth.
A living plant cell-based biosensor for real-time monitoring invisible damage of plant cells under heavy metal stress.
A microscopic, biochemical, and molecular comparison of moderately resistant and susceptible Populus genotypes inoculated with Sphaerulina musiva.
Species-dependent effect of cover cropping on trace elements and nutrients in vineyard soil and Vitis.
Cellulose-rich secondary walls in wave-swept red macroalgae fortify flexible tissues.
Comprehensive genomic and transcriptomic analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon degradation by a mycoremediation fungus, Dentipellis sp. KUC8613.
An in vitro Actinidia Bioassay to Evaluate the Resistance to Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae.
Current knowledge of bermudagrass responses to abiotic stresses.
Exploration of stem endophytic communities revealed developmental stage as one of the drivers of fungal endophytic community assemblages in two Amazonian hardwood genera.
Stimulation of cyclic electron flow around photosystem I upon a sudden transition from low to high light in two angiosperms Arabidopsis thaliana and Bletilla striata.
The beta-1,3-galactosetransferase gene DoGALT2 is essential for stigmatic mucilage production in Dendrobium officinale.
Chemically-induced DNA de-methylation alters the effectiveness of microspore embryogenesis in triticale.
Impact of poly(A)-tail G-content on Arabidopsis PAB binding and their role in enhancing translational efficiency.
Proteome Profiling of the Mutagen-Induced Morphological and Yield Macro-Mutant Lines of Nigella sativa L.
Polyphenol Composition of Extracts of the Fruits of Laserpitium Krapffii Crantz and Their Antioxidant and Cytotoxic Activity.
Comparative Physiological and Biochemical Changes in Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) Under Salt Stress and Recovery: Role of Antioxidant Defense and Glyoxalase Systems.
The Effect of Flavonoid Aglycones on the CYP1A2, CYP2A6, CYP2C8 and CYP2D6 Enzymes Activity.
Identification and Toxigenic Potential of Fungi Isolated from Capsicum Peppers.
The plant hormone kinetin in disease therapy and healthy aging.
Climate warming alters subsoil but not topsoil carbon dynamics in alpine grassland.
Endangered wild salmon infected by newly discovered viruses.
A reference genome for pea provides insight into legume genome evolution.
A CLE-SUNN module regulates strigolactone content and fungal colonization in arbuscular mycorrhiza.
Developmental mechanisms involved in the diversification of flowers.
Comparative pharmacokinetics of oxyresveratrol alone and in combination with piperine as a bioenhancer in rats.
Tuning antenna function through hydrogen bonds to chlorophyll a.
Flaxseed gum: Extraction, bioactive composition, structural characterization, and its potential antioxidant activity.
siRNA-Finder (si-Fi) Software for RNAi-Target Design and Off-Target Prediction.
Biocidal activity of metals nanoparticles synthesized by Fusarium solani against multidrug resistant bacteria and mycotoxigenic fungi.
Micronucleus Assay with Tetrad Cells of Tradescantia.
Photosynthetic regulation under fluctuating light in field-grown Cerasus cerasoides: A comparison of young and mature leaves.
Culture-dependent and metagenomic analysis of lesser horseshoe bats \'  gut microbiome revealing unique bacterial diversity and signatures of potential human pathogens.
Microcos paniculata: a review on its botany, traditional uses, phytochemistry and pharmacology.
Development and application of nanofibrillated cellulose coating for shelf life extension of fresh-cut vegetable during postharvest storage.
Precise structures and anti-intrinsic tenase complex activity of three fucosylated glycosaminoglycans and their fragments.
The improved assembly of 7DL chromosome provides insight into the structure and evolution of bread wheat.
Trait Probability Density (TPD): measuring functional diversity across scales based on trait probability density with R.
Methyl-coenzyme M reductase-dependent endogenous methane enhances plant tolerance against abiotic stress and alters ABA sensitivity in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Callose and homogalacturonan epitope distribution in stomatal complexes of Zea mays and Vigna sinensis.
Manganese oxide nanoparticles induce genotoxicity and DNA hypomethylation in the moss Physcomitrella patens.
Ethnomedicinal knowledge of the rural communities of Dhirkot, Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.
Insertional Mutagenesis Approaches and Their Use in Rice for Functional Genomics.
Predicting the start, peak and end of the Betula pollen season in Bavaria, Germany.
Anthropogenic contaminants of high concern: Existence in water resources and their adverse effects.
The fate of obligate endosymbionts: reduction, integration, or extinction.
Melotenuines A-E, cytotoxic monoterpenoid indole alkaloids from Melodinus tenuicaudatus.
C30 and C31 Triterpenoids and Triterpene Sugar Esters with Cytotoxic Activities from Edible Mushroom Fomitopsis pinicola (Sw. Ex Fr.) Krast.
Cannabis glandular trichomes alter morphology and metabolite content during flower maturation.
Divergence of duplicated genes by repeated partitioning of splice forms and subcellular localization.
Gas chromatographic analysis of naturally occurring cannabinoids: A review of literature published during the past decade.
Shifts of the nirS and nirK denitrifiers in different land use types and seasons in the Sanjiang Plain, China.
[PROVISIONAL] Does the chromosomal position of 35S rDNA sites influence their transcription? A survey on Nothoscordum species (Amaryllidaceae).
Metabolic Activation of Elemicin Leads to the Inhibition of Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase 1.
Review on antibacterial activity of Himalayan medicinal plants traditionally used to treat pneumonia and tuberculosis.
Molecular systematics of Chiritopsis-like Primulina (Gesneriaceae): one new species, one new name, two new combinations, and new synonyms.
Integrated pest management in the academic small greenhouse setting: A case study using Solanum spp. (Solanaceae).
Development of 20 chloroplast microsatellite primers in wuyao (Lindera aggregata, Lauraceae).
Gamma Radiation-Induced Disruption of Cellular Junctions in HUVECs Is Mediated through Affecting MAPK/NF-kappaB Inflammatory Pathways.
NaCl induced salt adaptive changes and enhanced accumulation of 20-hydroxyecdysone in the in vitro shoot cultures of Spinacia oleracea (L.).
Longitudinal study of use and cost of subacromial decompression surgery: the need for effective evaluation of surgical procedures to prevent overtreatment and wasted resources.
Unique genetic basis of the distinct antibiotic potency of high acetic acid production in the probiotic yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae var. boulardii.
Evaluation of the volatile composition, toxicological and antioxidant potentials of the essential oils and teas of commercial Chilean boldo samples.
Autophagy Related Gene (ATG3) is a Key Regulator for Cell Growth, Development, and Virulence of Fusarium oxysporum.
Antibacterial Evaluation, In Silico Characters and Molecular Docking of Schiff Bases Derived from 5-aminopyrazoles.
Fangchinoline, a Bisbenzylisoquinoline Alkaloid can Modulate Cytokine-Impelled Apoptosis via the Dual Regulation of NF-kappaB and AP-1 Pathways.
Biocatalytic degradation/redefining "removal" fate of pharmaceutically active compounds and antibiotics in the aquatic environment.
Phosphorus mitigation remains critical in water protection: A review and meta-analysis from one of China \' s most eutrophicated lakes.
Ethnoveterinary knowledge of farmers in bilingual regions of Switzerland - is there potential to extend veterinary options to reduce antimicrobial use?
Genetic manipulation of ABI3 confers frost-tolerant seed degreening in canola.
The H3 histone chaperone NASPSIM 3 escorts CenH3 in Arabidopsis.
Cynandione A from Cynanchum wilfordii inhibits hepatic de novo lipogenesis by activating the LKB1/AMPK pathway in HepG2 cells.
Gas exchange and chlorophyll a fluorescence measurements as proxies of X-ray resistance in Phaseolus vulgaris L.
Effect of human activities on floristic composition and diversity of desert and urban vegetation in a new urbanized desert ecosystem.
Moderate grazing promotes the root biomass in Kobresia meadow on the northern Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Riparian leaf litter decomposition on pond bottom after a retention on floating vegetation.
Litter accumulation alters the abiotic environment and drives community successional changes in two fenced grasslands in Inner Mongolia.
Effects of polyploidy on the coordination of gene expression between organellar and nuclear genomes in Leucanthemum Mill. (Compositae, Anthemideae).
Feather steroid hormone concentrations in relation to age, sex, and molting time in a long-distance migratory passerine.
The role of women in Brazilian ethnobiology: challenges and perspectives.
Pedicularis L. Genus: Systematics, Botany, Phytochemistry, Chemotaxonomy, Ethnopharmacology, and Other.
Eustress with H2O2 Facilitates Plant Growth by Improving Tolerance to Salt Stress in Two Wheat Cultivars.
Invasive Quercus rubra negatively affected soil microbial communities relative to native Quercus robur in a semi-natural forest.
Abscisic acid positively regulates L-Arabinose metabolism to inhibit seed germination through ABI4-mediated transcriptional promotions of MUR4 in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The Pneumatron: An automated pneumatic apparatus for estimating xylem vulnerability to embolism at high temporal resolution.
Cannabinoids and Mental Health, Part 1: The Endocannabinoid System and Exogenous Cannabinoids.
Intraspecific genetic divergence within Helianthus niveus and the status of two new morphotypes from Mexico.
Coregulation of Biosynthetic Genes and Transcription Factors for Aporphine-Type Alkaloid Production in Wounded Lotus Provides Insight into the Biosynthetic Pathway of Nuciferine.
Silicon Uptake and Localisation in Date Palm (Phoenix dactylifera) - A Unique Association With Sclerenchyma.
The Application of Wearable Technology to Quantify Health and Wellbeing Co-benefits From Urban Wetlands.
Characterization of Protein Radicals in Arabidopsis.
Aloe vera as an herbal medicine in the treatment of metabolic syndrome: A review.
NEDD4 Family of E3 Ubiquitin Ligases in Breast Cancer: Spotlight on SMURFs, WWPs and NEDD4.
Role of mTORC1 and mTORC2 in Breast Cancer: Therapeutic Targeting of mTOR and Its Partners to Overcome Metastasis and Drug Resistance.
Role of Autophagy in Breast Cancer Development and Progression: Opposite Sides of the Same Coin.
Suppression of the maize phytoglobin ZmPgb1.1 promotes plant tolerance against Clavibacter nebraskensis.
Exploring the Hydraulic Failure Hypothesis of Esca Leaf Symptom Formation.
Contrasting diversity of vaginal lactobacilli among the females of Northeast India.
Structural Changes Induced by Pulsed Electric Fields Increase the Concentration of Volatiles Released in Red Onion (Allium cepa L. var. Red Pearl) Bulbs.
Phytochemical Profile and Antimicrobial Potential of Extracts Obtained from Thymus marschallianus Willd.
Cell wall proteome analysis of banana fruit softening using iTRAQ technology.
Metatranscriptomic and metabolite profiling reveals vertical heterogeneity within a Zygnema green algal mat from Svalbard (High Arctic).
Genetic differentiation and clonal expansion of Chinese Botrytis cinerea populations from tomato and other crops in China.
Ferric Uptake Regulator (FurA) is required for Acidovorax citrulli virulence on watermelon.
Evaluation of rapid molecular diagnostics for differentiating medicinal Kaempferia species from its adulterants.
Interactive influence of rainfall manipulation and livestock grazing on species diversity of the herbaceous layer community in a humid savannah in Kenya.
Plant endemism in the Nepal Himalayas and phytogeographical implications.
Building a better plant world through mutual learning: An introduction to a special issue on plant diversity and conservation in the Belt &amp; Road Countries.
Correlative metabolomic fingerprinting and molecular docking studies of dermatological phytotherapeutics of South-Eastern Himalaya.
Blocking ROR1 enhances the roles of erlotinib in lung adenocarcinoma cell lines.
Occurrence of autophagy during pioneer root and stem development in Populus trichocarpa.
Romanian Wormwood (Artemisia absinthium L.): Physicochemical and Nutraceutical Screening.
Formation of alpha-Farnesene in Tea (Camellia sinensis) Leaves Induced by Herbivore-Derived Wounding and Its Effect on Neighboring Tea Plants.
Nuclear Disposition of Alien Chromosome Introgressions into Wheat and Rye Using 3D-FISH.
PtrARF2.1 Is Involved in Regulation of Leaf Development and Lignin Biosynthesis in Poplar Trees.
Identification of Msp1-Induced Signaling Components in Rice Leaves by Integrated Proteomic and Phosphoproteomic Analysis.
Scaled-up biodiesel synthesis from Chinese Tallow Kernel oil catalyzed by Burkholderia cepacia lipase through ultrasonic assisted technology: A non-edible and alternative source of bio energy.
Sonochemical assisted fabrication of 3D hierarchical porous carbon for high-performance symmetric supercapacitor.
Arabidopsis DXO1 possesses deNADding and exonuclease activities and its mutation affects defense-related and photosynthetic gene expression.
Expression of FusC gene Among methicillin resistant Staph aureus clinical isolates resistant to fusidic acid, Cairo, Egypt.
Two new quinolone alkaloids from the nearly ripe fruits of Tetradium ruticarpum.
Sulzbacheromyces sinensis, an Unexpected Basidiolichen, was Newly Discovered from Korean Peninsula and Philippines, with a Phylogenetic Reconstruction of Genus Sulzbacheromyces.
Two New Corticolous Buellioid Species from South Korea.
Recent Anthropogenic Plant Extinctions Differ in Biodiversity Hotspots and Coldspots.
Recovery of the non-functional EGFP-assisted identification of mutants generated by CRISPR/Cas9.
Homology modeling and 3D-QSAR study of benzhydrylpiperazine delta opioid receptor agonists.
Plastid phylogenomics and biogeographic analysis support a trans-Tethyan origin and rapid early radiation of Cornales in the Mid-Cretaceous.
Diversity of endophytic bacterial community inhabiting in tropical aerobic rice under aerobic and flooded condition.
Phenolic Profiling and Biological Potential of Ficus curtipes Corner Leaves and Stem Bark: 5-Lipoxygenase Inhibition and Interference with NO Levels in LPS-Stimulated RAW 264.7 Macrophages.
Occurrence and Toxicological Risk Evaluation of Organochlorine Pesticides from Suburban Soils of Kenya.
Alpha-Hederin, the Active Saponin of Nigella sativa, as an Anticancer Agent Inducing Apoptosis in the SKOV-3 Cell Line.
Metal(loid) induced toxicity and defense mechanisms in Spinacia oleracea L.: Ecological hazard and Prospects for phytoremediation.
Role of Curtobacterium herbarum strain CAH5 on aluminum bioaccumulation and enhancement of Lactuca sativa growth under aluminum and drought stresses.
Sonochemical synthesis and fabrication of honeycomb like zirconium dioxide with chitosan modified electrode for sensitive electrochemical determination of anti-tuberculosis (TB) drug.
Bioaerosol detection over Athens, Greece using the laser induced fluorescence technique.
Pollen morphology and variability of invasive Spiraea tomentosa L. (Rosaceae) from populations in Poland.
Comparative study on the chemical composition and biological activities of the essential oils of three Lagochilus species collected from Uzbekistan.
Developing the first halophytic turfgrasses for the urban landscape from native Arabian desert grass.
Comparative genomics of 11 complete chloroplast genomes of Senecioneae (Asteraceae) species: DNA barcodes and phylogenetics.
Protein-Protein Interactions in Candida albicans.
Prevalence and molecular characterization of infectious bronchitis virus isolated from chicken in Bangladesh.
A Ca2+/CaM-regulated transcriptional switch modulates stomatal development in response to water deficit.
Assessment of Indirect N2O Emission Factors from Agricultural River Networks Based on Long-Term Study at High Temporal Resolution.
Identifying Phytochemicals from Biomedical Literature Utilizing Semantic Knowledge Sources.
On the morphology and possible function of two putative vibroacoustic mechanisms in derbid planthoppers (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha: Derbidae).
Plant-based gold nanoparticles; a comprehensive review of the decade-long research on synthesis, mechanistic aspects and diverse applications.
Wound healing potential of curcumin cross-linked chitosan/polyvinyl alcohol.
Metabolite profiling, arginase inhibition and vasorelaxant activity of Cornus mas, Sorbus aucuparia and Viburnum opulus fruit extracts.
Two bifunctional inositol pyrophosphate kinases/phosphatases control plant phosphate homeostasis.
The permeation barrier of plant cuticles: uptake of active ingredients is limited by very long-chain aliphatic rather than cyclic wax compounds.
Negative regulators of plant immunity derived from cinnamyl alcohol dehydrogenases are targeted by multiple Phytophthora Avr3a-like effectors.
Multi-phase extraction of ephedrine from Pinellia ternata and herbal medicine using molecular imprinted polymer coated ionic liquid-based silica.
Novel fabrication of gelatin-encapsulated copper nanoparticles using Aspergillus versicolor and their application in controlling of rotting plant pathogens.
Cd2+ + Cr6+ causes toxic effects on chromosomal development of microspore in Carthamus tinctorius.
Insights from the salt bridge analysis of malate dehydrogenase from H. salinarum and E.coli.
Cell wall integrity signaling regulates cell wall-related gene expression in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
MpTCP1 controls cell proliferation and redox processes in Marchantia polymorpha.
Morphological plasticity in brown-rot fungi: Antrodia is redefined to encompass both poroid and corticioid species.
Total Synthesis of (+-)-Cochlearol A.
Degenerated panicle and partial sterility 1 (DPS1) encodes a CBS domain containing protein required for anther cuticle and panicle development in rice.
Novel synthesis of ultra-fine Sb2O3 nanocubes using plant extract.
Bioaccumulation of heavy metals air pollutants by urban trees.
Phylogenetic trees and networks can serve as powerful and complementary approaches for analysis of genomic data.
Rubella seroprevalence and demographic feature analysis in pregnant women from Southern Pakistan.
A conserved but plant-specific CDK-mediated regulation of DNA replication protein A2 in the precise control of stomatal terminal division.
Organization of Xylan Production in the Golgi During Secondary Cell Wall Biosynthesis.
Phosphorylation-mediated dynamics of nitrate transceptor NRT1.1 regulate auxin flux and nitrate signaling in lateral root growth.
Frequent fires prime plant developmental responses to burning.
Do mosses really exhibit so large distribution ranges? Insights from the integrative taxonomic study of the Lewinskya affinis complex (Orthotrichaceae, Bryopsida).
Systematic study of the stress-responsive Rboh gene family in Nicotiana tabacum: Genome-wide identification, evolution and role in disease resistance.
Progress towards the Tree of Eukaryotes.
Microscopic investigations and pharmacognostic techniques used for the standardization of leaf of Rhus succedanea var. Himalaica J. D. Hook.
Insights to Nitric oxide-Melatonin Crosstalk and N-nitrosomelatonin Functioning in Plants: Where do We Stand?
Genome-wide transcriptional adaptation to salt stress in Populus.
MicroRNA528, a hub regulator modulating ROS homeostasis via targeting of a diverse set of genes encoding copper-containing proteins in monocots.
Flower nectar trichome structure of carnivorous plants from the genus butterworts Pinguicula L. (Lentibulariaceae).
Detection of mycobiota, aflatoxigenic and ochratoxigenic genes, and cytotoxic ability in spices.
Trichoderma erinaceum Bio-Priming Modulates the WRKYs Defense Programming in Tomato Against the Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. lycopersici (Fol) Challenged Condition.
Insulin-Mediated Changes in Tau Hyperphosphorylation and Autophagy in a Drosophila Model of Tauopathy and Neuroblastoma Cells.
A meta-analysis of 1,119 manipulative experiments on terrestrial carbon-cycling responses to global change.
Continental scale structuring of forest and soil diversity via functional traits.
Fabrication of innocuous gold nanoparticles using plant cells in culture.
Biochar amendment improves degraded pasturelands in Brazil: environmental and cost-benefit analysis.
A kleptoplastidic dinoflagellate and the tipping point between transient and fully integrated plastid endosymbiosis.
Global change effects on plant communities are magnified by time and the number of global change factors imposed.
Modification of activity of the thylakoid H+/K+ antiporter KEA3 disturbs  pH-dependent regulation of photosynthesis.
Linkage structure of cell-wall polysaccharides from three duckweed species.
Evaluation and characterization of some protective culture metabolites in free and nano-chitosan-loaded forms against common contaminants of Egyptian cheese.
Oxidative stress mediated by gyrophoric acid from the lichen Umbilicaria hirsuta affected apoptosis and stress/survival pathways in HeLa cells.
Ethnomedicine study on traditional medicinal plants in the Wuliang Mountains of Jingdong, Yunnan, China.
Green Bio-Assisted Synthesis, Characterization and Biological Evaluation of Biocompatible ZnO NPs Synthesized from Different Tissues of Milk Thistle (Silybum marianum).
Biotechnological Potential of LSD1, EDS1, and PAD4 in the Improvement of Crops and Industrial Plants.
Rethinking Suicide in Rural Australia: A study Protocol for Examining and Applying Knowledge of the Social Determinants to Improve Prevention in Non-Indigenous Populations.
Phyllanthus emblica fruit extract stabilized biogenic silver nanoparticles as a growth promoter of wheat varieties by reducing ROS toxicity.
Danshensu attenuates scopolamine and amyloid-beta-induced cognitive impairments through the activation of PKA-CREB signaling in mice.
Living with Two Genomes: Grafting and Its Implications for Plant Genome-to-Genome Interactions, Phenotypic Variation, and Evolution.
Ethnobotany and pharmacology of Pinus species growing naturally in Indian Himalayas: A plant review.
Identity and functions of inorganic and inositol polyphosphates in plants.
Efficient virus-induced gene silencing in Hibiscus hamabo Sieb. et Zucc. using tobacco rattle virus.
Identification and functional analysis of LecRLK genes in Taxodium  \' Zhongshanshan \' .
Multiple Independent Origins of Apicomplexan-Like Parasites.
Assessing the utility of seed coat-specific promoters to engineer cell wall polysaccharide composition of mucilage.
Apparent penetration depth in attenuated total reflection Fourier-transform infrared (ATR-FTIR) spectroscopy of Allium cepa L. epidermis and cuticle.
Bacterial community rather than metals shaping metal resistance genes in water, sediment and biofilm in lakes from arid northwestern China.
The novel economical synthesis and antimicrobial activity of a trithiocarbonate derivative.
Ethnobotanical uses, secondary metabolites and biological activities of Mashua (Tropaeolum tuberosum Ruiz &amp; Pavon).
Impact of nanosystems in Staphylococcus aureus biofilms treatment.
Using the CODIT model to explain secondary metabolites of the xylem in defence systems of temperate trees to decay fungi.
Application of a high-resolution genetic map for chromosome-scale genome assembly and fine QTLs mapping of seed size and weight traits in castor bean.
Biochemical characterization of syntenic xyloglucan utilization loci in human gut Bacteroidetes reveals adaption to polysaccharide sidechain diversity.
Nucleocytoplasmic OXIDATIVE STRESS 2 can relocate FLOWERING LOCUS T.
Medicinal plant use in two Tiwi Island communities: a qualitative research study.
Integrating MAES implementation into protected area management under climate change: A fine-scale application in Greece.
Genome-wide identification, characterization, and expression profiling of SPX gene family in wheat.
A century of pollination success revealed by herbarium specimens of seed pods.
Plant specialized metabolism regulated by Jasmonate signaling.
Increasing Temperature Changes Flux into Multiple Biosynthetic Pathways for 2-Phenylethanol in Model Systems of Tea (Camellia sinensis) and Other Plants.
[Responses of plant species with different genome size to water and nitrogen addition in Inner Mongolia Grassland, China].
[Effects of nitrogen and plant growth promoter addition on the growth and competitiveness of Leymus chinensis].
[Effects of drought stress and recovery on photosynthesis and physiological characteristics of Hibiscus hamabo].
Assessment of microcystin contamination of Amaranthus hybridus, Brassica oleracea, and Lactuca sativa sold in markets: a case study of Zaria, Nigeria.
Species interactions mediate thermal evolution.
Causes of maladaptation.
The role of chitin-rich skeletal organic matrix on the crystallization of calcium carbonate in the crustose coralline alga Leptophytum foecundum.
The first survey of Cystobasidiomycete yeasts in the lichen genus Cladonia; with the description of Lichenozyma pisutiana gen. nov., sp. nov.
Climate, Life Form and Family Jointly Control Variation of Leaf Traits.
A Green Ultrasound-Assisted Extraction Optimization of the Natural Antioxidant and Anti-Aging Flavonolignans from Milk Thistle Silybum marianum (L.) Gaertn. Fruits for Cosmetic Applications.
Depthprofile distribution of Cs and its toxicity for canola plants grown on arid rainfed soils as affected by increasing K-inputs.
The Nutrient Response Transcriptional Regulome of Arabidopsis.
Comparative metabolomics of Tilia platyphyllos Scop. bracts during phenological development.
From plant selection by elephants to human and veterinary pharmacopeia of mahouts in Laos.
Genome-wide identification and expression analysis of two component system genes in Cicer arietinum.
Microscopic investigations and pharmacognostic techniques for the standardization of Caralluma edulis (Edgew.) Benth. ex Hook.f.
A role of age-dependent DNA methylation reprogramming in regulating the regeneration capacity of Boea hygrometrica leaves.
The biochemistry underpinning industrial seed technology and mechanical processing of sugar beet.
Methodology for accounting the net mitigation of China \' s ecological restoration projects (CANM-EP).
Role of smoke stimulatory and inhibitory biomolecules in phytochrome-regulated seed germination of Lactuca sativa.
Factors shaping local people \' s perception of ecosystem services in the Atacora Chain of Mountains, a biodiversity hotspot in northern Benin.
ETM-DB: integrated Ethiopian traditional herbal medicine and phytochemicals database.
The PHOSPHATE1 genes participate in salt and Pi signaling pathways and play adaptive roles during soybean evolution.
From Extraction to Advanced Analytical Methods: The Challenges of Melanin Analysis.
Effect of planting alien Robinia pseudoacacia trees on homogenization of Central European forest vegetation.
Physical, ecological and human dimensions of environmental change in Brazil \' s Pantanal wetland: Synthesis and research agenda.
The role of CYP71A12 monooxygenase in pathogen-triggered tryptophan metabolism and Arabidopsis immunity.
Celebrating a New Division of Botany at SICB: An Introduction to the Integrative Plant Biology Symposium.
Identification and Characterization of the FLOWERING LOCUS T/TERMINAL FLOWER 1 Gene Family in Petunia.
Phlegmadine A: A Lycopodium Alkaloid with a Unique Cyclobutane Ring from Phlegmariurus phlegmaria.
The role of volatiles in plant communication.
Cytological attributes of storage tissues in nematode and eriophyid galls: pectin and hemicellulose functional insights.
The Impact of Highway Motor Vehicle Traffic on Energy Stores in Selected Plant Species.
Weighted Correlation Network Analysis (WGCNA) Reveals the Hub Role of Protein Ubiquitination in the Acquisition of Desiccation Tolerance in Boea Hygrometrica.
Nitrogen controls the net primary production of an alpine Kobresia meadow in the northern Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Is there coordination of leaf and fine root traits at local scales? A test in temperate forest swamps.
Enemy release from the effects of generalist granivores can facilitate Bromus tectorum invasion in the Great Basin Desert.
The presence of a cryptic barrier in the West Pacific Ocean suggests the effect of glacial climate changes on a widespread sea-dispersed plant, Vigna marina (Fabaceae).
Neotypification of Protoparmeliopsis garovaglii and molecular evidence of its occurrence in Poland and South America.
TNF-alpha promoter polymorphisms (G-238A and G-308A) are associated with susceptibility to Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) and P. falciparum malaria: a study in malaria endemic area.
Inter and intra cultural variations of millet (Pennisetum glaucum (L.) R. Br) uses in Niger (West Africa).
An ethnobotanical study of medicinal plants used to treat skin diseases in northern Pakistan.
Analysis of Factors That Interrupt With INR Control in the First Anticoagulation Clinic Monitoring Jordanian Patients.
Health Benefits of Nut Consumption in Middle-Aged and Elderly Population.
Characterization of Phenolic Compounds and Antiproliferative Effects of Salvia pomifera and Salvia fruticosa Extracts.
Transient Heat Waves May Affect the Photosynthetic Capacity of Susceptible Wheat Genotypes Due to Insufficient Photosystem I Photoprotection.
Mechanistic elucidation of germination potential and growth of wheat inoculated with exopolysaccharide and ACC- deaminase producing Bacillus strains under induced salinity stress.
In Colombia the Eurasian fungus Amanita muscaria is expanding its range into native, tropical Quercus humboldtii forests.
Eco-friendly green synthesis of silver nanoparticles and their potential applications as antioxidant and anticancer agents.
Alternaria host-specific (HSTs) toxins: An overview of chemical characterization, target sites, regulation and their toxic effects.
Cytocompatible, Injectable, and Electroconductive Soft Adhesives with Hybrid Covalent/Noncovalent Dynamic Network.
Qualitative HPTLC phytochemical profiling of Careya arborea Roxb. bark, leaves and seeds.
Understanding the evolution of phenotypical characters in the Micarea prasina group (Pilocarpaceae) and descriptions of six new species within the group.
Trichoderma harzianum favours the access of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi to non-host Brassicaceae roots and increases plant productivity.
Biological Characterization and Inhibition of Streptococcus pyogenes ZUH1 Causing Chronic Cystitis by Crocus sativus Methanol Extract, Bee Honey Alone or in Combination with Antibiotics: An In Vitro Study.
Sagas of the Solanaceae: Speculative ethnobotanical perspectives on the Norse berserkers.
A broader approach to understanding urbanization effects on freshwater turtles: reply to Lambert and Steen 2019.
A new coastal species of Pseuderanthemum (Acanthaceae) from Loyalty Islands (New Caledonia) and Vanuatu with notes on P. carruthersii.
Deregulated Phosphorylation of CENH3 at Ser65 Affects the Development of Floral Meristems in Arabidopsis thaliana.
24-epibrassinolide and spermidine alleviate Mn stress via the modulation of root morphology, stomatal behavior, photosynthetic attributes and antioxidant defense in Brassica juncea.
Plant Noncoding RNAs: Hidden Players in Development and Stress Responses.
The Hordeum vulgare cysteine protease HvPAP14 plays a role in degradation of chloroplast proteins.
Physiological and transcriptomic analysis highlight key metabolic pathways in relation to drought tolerance in Rhododendron delavayi.
EsHO 1 mediated mitigation of NaCl induced oxidative stress and correlation between ROS, antioxidants and HO 1 in seedlings of Eruca sativa: underutilized oil yielding crop of arid region.
Protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) inhibitors as potential anti-diabetes agents: patent review (2015-2018).
Rapid screening of very long-chain fatty acids from microorganisms.
Botany, traditional uses, phytochemistry, pharmacology and toxicology of Ilex pubescens Hook et Arn.
Antifungal activity of zedoary turmeric oil against Phytophthora capsici through damaging cell membrane.
Potential of fungal metabolites as a biocontrol agent against cotton aphid, Aphis gossypii Glover and the possible mechanisms of action.
Forensic palynology and the search for geolocation: Factors for analysis and the Baby Doe case.
Beta diversity of gastrointestinal helminths in two closely related South African rodents: species and site contributions.
Histochemical assays of secretory trichomes and the structure and content of mineral nutrients in Rubus idaeus L. leaves.
HSP90 inhibitors stimulate DNAJB4 protein expression through a mechanism involving N6-methyladenosine.
High-Throughput Immunological Analysis of Dictamni Cortex: Implication in the Quality Control of Herbal Medicine.
Ribes taxa: A promising source of gamma-linolenic acid-rich functional oils.
Biomass briquetting reduces the energy loss during long-term ensiling and enhances anaerobic digestion: A case study on rice straw.
Supporting Spartina: Interdisciplinary perspective shows Spartina as a distinct solid genus.
Polyphenol Characterization, Antioxidant and Skin Whitening Properties of Alnus cordata Stem Bark.
A taxonomically broad metagenomic survey of 339 species spanning 57 families suggests cystobasidiomycete yeasts are not ubiquitous across all lichens.
Strategies for Improving Healing of the Gastric Epithelium Using Oral Solid Dispersions Loaded with Pentacyclic Triterpene-Rich Centella Extract.
Taxonomic, biological and geographical traits of species in a coastal dune flora in the southeastern Cape Floristic Region: regional and global comparisons.
Identification of a Dominant Chlorosis Phenotype Through a Forward Screen of the Triticum turgidum cv. Kronos TILLING Population.
A Target Capture-Based Method to Estimate Ploidy From Herbarium Specimens.
Targeted Capture of Hundreds of Nuclear Genes Unravels Phylogenetic Relationships of the Diverse Neotropical Palm Tribe Geonomateae.
Tethering of Multi-Vesicular Bodies and the Tonoplast to the Plasma Membrane in Plants.
Author Correction: Diversity-dependent temporal divergence of ecosystem functioning in experimental ecosystems.
Restoring the Taxol biosynthetic machinery of Aspergillus terreus by Podocarpus gracilior Pilger microbiome, with retrieving the ribosome biogenesis proteins of WD40 superfamily.
Influence of Climate on Radial Growth of Black Pine on the Mountain Regions of Southwestern Turkey.
Full Chloroplast Genome Sequence of the Economically Important Dietary Supplement and Spice Curcuma longa.
Genome-wide transcript and small RNA profiling reveals transcriptomic responses to heat stress.
Effects of Olive Oil and Its Minor Components on Cardiovascular Diseases, Inflammation, and Gut Microbiota.
Community Structures and Antifungal Activity of Root-Associated Endophytic Actinobacteria of Healthy and Diseased Soybean.
Investigation of the effect of UV-B light on Arabidopsis MYB4 (AtMYB4) transcription factor stability and detection of a putative MYB4-binding motif in the promoter proximal region of AtMYB4.
The proteasome regulator PTRE1 contributes to the turnover of SNC1 immune receptor.
A new marine prasinophyte genus alternates between a flagellate and a dominant benthic stage with microrhizoids for adhesion.
Ozone phytotoxicity to Panicum maximum and Cenchrus ciliaris at Indo-Gangetic plains: an assessment of antioxidative defense and growth responses.
Genetic structure and forensic characteristics of Saraiki population from Southern Punjab, Pakistan, revealed by 20 Y-chromosomal STRs.
Root gravity response module guides differential growth determining both root bending and apical hook formation in Arabidopsis.
Leaf Age-Dependent Effects of Foliar-Sprayed CuZn Nanoparticles on Photosynthetic Efficiency and ROS Generation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
OsNAC2 integrates auxin and cytokinin pathways to modulate rice root development.
Bungarus caeruleus venom neutralization activity of Azima tetracantha Lam. Extract.
Blender interstitial volume: A novel virtual measurement of structural complexity applicable to marine benthic habitats.
Amanitaahmadii, a new species of Amanita subgenus Amanitina section Validae from Pakistan.
A new variety of Didymocarpus (Gesneriaceae) from Guangdong, China.
Foliar Application of Iron Fortified Bacteriosiderophore Improves Growth and Grain Fe Concentration in Wheat and Soybean.
Global distribution modelling, invasion risk assessment and niche dynamics of Leucanthemum vulgare (Ox-eye Daisy) under climate change.
Cytokinin functions as an asymmetric and anti-gravitropic signal in lateral roots.
RNA methylomes reveal the m6A-mediated regulation of DNA demethylase gene SlDML2 in tomato fruit ripening.
Multiparametric real-time sensing of cytosolic physiology links hypoxia responses to mitochondrial electron transport.
Generalized spectral light scatter models of diverse bacterial colony morphologies.
Comparative metabolites profiling of harvested papaya (Carica papaya L.) peel in response to chilling stress.
Mark D. Rausher.
Zinc-lysine prevents chromium-induced morphological, photosynthetic, and oxidative alterations in spinach irrigated with tannery wastewater.
Correction to: Diverse Polyphenols from Hypericum faberi.
First molecular phylogenetic insights into the evolution of Eriocaulon (Eriocaulaceae, Poales).
Responses of bud-break phenology to daily-asymmetric warming: daytime warming intensifies the advancement of bud break.
Three new compounds with nitric oxide inhibitory activity from Tirpitzia sinensis, an ethnomedicinal plant from Southwest China.
An expeditious and environmentally benign synthesis of dispiro-3-phenylpyrrolothiazoles in ACI/EG eutectic mixture and its antioxidant and antimicrobial activities against urinary tract pathogens.
Antitumor effect of proanthocyanidin induced apoptosis in human colorectal cancer (HT-29) cells and its molecular docking studies.
NMR data for the hydroxyl groups detected by NOESY spectra in sesquiterpene lactones.
Coordinated community structure among trees, fungi and invertebrate groups in Amazonian rainforests.
The molecular mass and isoelectric point of plant proteomes.
Arabidopsis Trichome Contains Two Plasma Membrane Domains with Different Lipid Compositions Which Attract Distinct EXO70 Subunits.
Variability of Bioactive Glucosinolates, Isothiocyanates and Enzyme Patterns in Horseradish Hairy Root Cultures Initiated from Different Organs.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Waterlogging-Sensitive and Tolerant Zombi Pea (Vigna Vexillata) Reveals Energy Conservation and Root Plasticity Controlling Waterlogging Tolerance.
Nutritional and Bioactive Compounds in Mexican Lupin Beans Species: A Mini-Review.
DELLA and EDS1 Form a Feedback Regulatory Module to Fine-Tune Plant Growth-Defense Tradeoff in Arabidopsis.
Seven new veratramine-type alkaloids with potent analgesic effect from Veratrum taliense.
Deficiency of very-long-chain alkanes biosynthesis causes humidity-sensitive male sterility via affecting pollen adhesion and hydration in rice.
Homoploid hybridization of plants in the Hengduan mountains region.
Effects of livestock grazing on soil, plant functional diversity, and ecological traits vary between regions with different climates in northeastern Iran.
Plant community responses to environmentally friendly piste management in northeast Iran.
Contingency rules for pathogen competition and antagonism in a genetically based, plant defense hierarchy.
Ethnophytotherapy Practices for Wound Healing among Populations of District Haripur, KPK, Pakistan.
Phylogenetic Relationships in Orobanchaceae Inferred From Low-Copy Nuclear Genes: Consolidation of Major Clades and Identification of a Novel Position of the Non-photosynthetic Orobanche Clade Sister to All Other Parasitic Orobanchaceae.
A new species of Rhaptopetalum (Lecythidaceae) from south-western Gabon.
Five new species of the genus Primulina (Gesneriaceae) from Limestone Areas of Guangxi Zhuangzu Autonomous Region, China.
De novo genome assembly and comparative annotation reveals metabolic versatility in cellulolytic bacteria from cropland and forest soils.
Assessment of trace element accumulation potential of Noccaea kovatsii from ultramafics of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia.
Mapping quantitative trait loci using binned genotypes.
A KNOX-Cytokinin Regulatory Module Predates the Origin of Indeterminate Vascular Plants.
Morpho-physiological characteristics of Vigna unguiculata [L.] Walp grown in a controlled environment using effluents from a beverage bottling company.
The Chromatin-Remodeling Factor PICKLE Antagonizes Polycomb Repression of FT to Promote Flowering.
Preharvest and postharvest UV radiation affected flavonoid metabolism and antioxidant capacity differently in developing blueberries (Vaccinium corymbosum L.).
Silicon dioxide nanoparticles ameliorate the phytotoxic hazards of aluminum in maize grown on acidic soil.
Occurrence and cycling of trace elements in ultramafic soils and their impacts on human health: A critical review.
Facile synthesis of haemocyanin-capped zinc oxide nanoparticles: Effect on growth performance, digestive-enzyme activity, and immune responses of Penaeus semisulcatus.
Drought tolerance improvement in plants: an endophytic bacterial approach.
Pharmacokinetics of B-Ring Unsubstituted Flavones.
Phytoplankton responses to adaptive management interventions in eutrophic urban estuaries.
The uptake, effects and biotransformation of monepantel in meadow plants used as a livestock feed.
Structure-antioxidant activity relationship of active oxygen catalytic lignin and lignin-carbohydrate complex.
Anti-cancer, anti-biofilm, and anti-inflammatory properties of Hen \' s albumen: a photodynamic approach.
For Microscopy special issue on  \' Plant Science \' .
Natural selection and repeated patterns of molecular evolution following allopatric divergence.
Evolution of Oryza chloroplast genomes promoted adaptation to diverse ecological habitats.
Data summarizing monitoring and evaluation for three European environmental policies in 9 cases across Europe.
Aureoboletus projectellus (Fungi, Boletales) - Occurrence data, environmental layers and habitat suitability models for North America and Europe.
Description and ecophysiology of a new species of Syndesmis Silliman, 1881 (Rhabdocoela: Umagillidae) from the sea urchin Evechinus chloroticus (Valenciennes, 1846) Mortensen, 1943 in New Zealand.
Bacillus spp.: potent microfactories of bacterial IAA.
Quantification of karrikins in smoke water using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Integrated physiological and genomic analysis reveals structural variations and expression patterns of candidate genes for colored- and green-leaf poplar.
Ecology, threats and conservation status of Carex buekii (Cyperaceae) in Central Europe.
Isochorismate-derived biosynthesis of the plant stress hormone salicylic acid.
The pigment-protein network of a diatom photosystem II-light-harvesting antenna supercomplex.
Olfactory Stimulation Effect of Aldehydes, Nonanal, and Decanal on the Human Electroencephalographic Activity, According to Nostril Variation.
A review on the latest advances in extraction and analysis of artemisinin.
Significant alterations in soil fungal communities along a chronosequence of Spartina alterniflora invasion in a Chinese Yellow Sea coastal wetland.
Identification of moracin N in mulberry leaf and evaluation of antioxidant activity.
Identifying genetic markers for a range of phylogenetic utility-From species to family level.
Rebuilding core abscisic acid signaling pathways of Arabidopsis in yeast.
Starch composition, antioxidant potential, and glycemic indices of various varieties of Triticum aesitivum L. and Zea mays L. available in Pakistan.
Competing Endogenous RNA Networks Underlying Anatomical and Physiological Characteristics of Poplar Wood in Acclimation to Low Nitrogen Availability.
Calcicole behaviour of Callisthene fasciculata Mart., an Al-accumulating species from the Brazilian Cerrado.
TALE homeobox heterodimer GSM1/GSP1 is a molecular switch that prevents unwarranted genetic recombination in Chlamydomonas.
Host plant-dependent effects of microbes and phytochemistry on the insect immune response.
A genome-wide association and meta-analysis reveal regions associated with seed size in cowpea [Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp].
Structural and functional microbial diversity along a eutrophication gradient of interconnected lakes undergoing anthropopressure.
Conservation of the genome-wide recombination rate in white-footed mice.
Kinetic studies on the expression of alginate and extracellular proteins by Pseudomonas aeruginosa FRD1 and PAO1.
A Comparative Evaluation of the Antiproliferative Activity against HepG2 Liver Carcinoma Cells of Plant-Derived Silver Nanoparticles from Basil Extracts with Contrasting Anthocyanin Contents.
Changes in Metabolisms of Antioxidant and Cell Wall in Three Pummelo Cultivars during Postharvest Storage.
Metabolite Profiling by Hyphenated Liquid Chromatographic Mass Spectrometric Technique (HPLC-DAD-ESI-Q-TOF-MS/MS) and Neurobiological Potential of Haplophyllum sahinii and H. vulcanicum Extracts.
Usefulness and limitations of thermal performance curves in predicting ectotherm development under climatic variability.
Biodiversity studies through public-private partnership (PPP): The case of Fazenda Sao Nicolau in the northwest of Mato Grosso.
Rapid and visual detection for hypochlorite of an AIE enhanced fluorescence probe.
A high-performance system of multiple gas-exchange chambers with a laser spectrometer to estimate leaf photosynthesis, stomatal conductance, and mesophyll conductance.
The N-fixing legume Periandra mediterranea constrains the invasion of an exotic grass (Melinis minutiflora P. Beauv) by altering soil N cycling.
Avenues of the membrane transport system in adaptation of plants to abiotic stresses.
Purification and Characterization of Ornithine Decarboxylase from Aspergillus terreus; Kinetics of Inhibition by Various Inhibitors.
Effect of Surfactant Concentrations on Physicochemical Properties and Functionality of Curcumin Nanoemulsions Under Conditions Relevant to Commercial Utilization.
Phragmites australis meets Suaeda salsa on the "red beach": Effects of an ecosystem engineer on salt-marsh litter decomposition.
Neo-clerodane diterpenoids from aerial parts of Salvia hispanica L. and their cardioprotective effects.
Morphological and molecular characterization of Apatemon sp. infecting killifish in Mozambique.
A key to the North American genera of Stipeae (Poaceae, Pooideae) with descriptions and taxonomic names for species of Eriocoma, Neotrinia, Oloptum, and five new genera: Barkworthia, xEriosella, Pseudoeriocoma, Ptilagrostiella, and Thorneochloa.
Specific H+ level is crucial for accurate phosphate quantification using ascorbate as a reductant.
Response of short-term heat shock on photosynthetic activity of soil crust cyanobacteria.
Metabolic memory in the phenological events of plants: looking beyond climatic factors.
The missing link in jasmonic acid biosynthesis.
Increasing crop heterogeneity enhances multitrophic diversity across agricultural regions.
Dissecting macroecological and macroevolutionary patterns of forest biodiversity across the Hawaiian archipelago.
Stress and defense responses in plant secondary metabolites production.
Biomolecular transitions and lipid accumulation in green microalgae monitored by FTIR and Raman analysis.
Sodium butyrate interrupts the maturation of oocytes and enhances the development of preimplantation embryos.
The relative importance of ecological drivers of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal distribution varies with taxon phylogenetic resolution.
Nanoscale zerovalent iron particles induce differential cytotoxicity, genotoxicity, oxidative stress and hemolytic responses in human lymphocytes and erythrocytes in vitro.
Proximate grassland and shrub-encroached sites show dramatic restructuring of soil bacterial communities.
Phytochemical Analysis and Toxicity Study of Aristolochia paucinervis Rhizomes Decoction Used in Moroccan Alternative Medicine: Histopathological and Biochemical Profiles.
Modeling Top-Down and Bottom-Up Drivers of a Regime Shift in Invasive Aquatic Plant Stable States.
Evolutionary Diversification of Primary Metabolism and Its Contribution to Plant Chemical Diversity.
Comprehensive analysis of an uninvestigated wild edible medicinal garlic species from Turkey: Allium macrochaetum Boiss. &amp; Hausskn.
Anti-neuroinflammatory activities of extract and polymethoxyflavonoids from immature fruit peels of Citrus  \' Hebesu \' .
Effect of infrared drying with multifrequency ultrasound pretreatments on the stability of phytochemical properties, antioxidant potential, and textural quality of dried sweet potatoes.
Rhinacanthins-rich extract and rhinacanthin C ameliorate oxidative stress and inflammation in streptozotocin-nicotinamide-induced diabetic nephropathy.
Hydraulic Coupling of a Leafless Kauri Tree Remnant to Conspecific Hosts.
Oxidative stress links response to lead and Acyrthosiphon pisum in Pisum sativum L.
Biochemical, biological characteristics and antibacterial activity of glycoprotein extracted from the epidermal mucus of African catfish (Clarias gariepinus).
Mixed plantation of wheat and accumulators in arsenic contaminated plots: A novel way to reduce the uptake of arsenic in wheat and load on antioxidative defence of plant.
Stimulating antioxidant defenses, antioxidant gene expression, and salt tolerance in Pisum sativum seedling by pretreatment using licorice root extract (LRE) as an organic biostimulant.
Bioaccumulation of selected macro- and microelements and their impact on antioxidant properties and accumulation of glucosinolates and phenolic acids in in vitro cultures of Nasturtium officinale (watercress) microshoots.
Multiple auto- and allopolyploidisations marked the Pleistocene history of the widespread Eurasian steppe plant Astragalus onobrychis (Fabaceae).
A CRISPR/LbCas12a-based method for highly efficient multiplex gene editing in Physcomitrella patens.
Chloroplast-Localized Protoporphyrinogen IX Oxidase1 Is Involved in the Mitotic Cell Cycle in Arabidopsis.
Species of Characidotrema Paperna &amp; Thurston, 1968 (Monogenea: Dactylogyridae) from fishes of the Alestidae (Characiformes) in Africa: new species, host-parasite associations and first insights into the phylogeny of the genus.
Comparative Genomic Analysis of Rice with Contrasting Photosynthesis and Grain Production under Salt Stress.
Exploring the Potential of Overexpressed OsCIPK2 Rice as a Nitrogen Utilization Efficient Crop and Analysis of Its Associated Rhizo-Compartmental Microbial Communities.
Diversity, Cyanotoxin Production, and Bioactivities of Cyanobacteria Isolated from Freshwaters of Greece.
Polymer complexes. LXXV. Characterization of quinoline polymer complexes as potential bio-active and anti-corrosion agents.
Evaluating Ternary Metal Oxide (TMO) core-shell nanocomposites for the rapid determination of the anti-neoplastic drug Chlorambucil (Leukeran ) by electrochemical approaches.
Three-dimensional graphene for electrochemical detection of Cadmium in Klebsiella michiganensis to study the influence of Cadmium uptake in rice plant.
Papaver somniferum L. mediated novel bioinspired lead oxide (PbO) and iron oxide (Fe2O3) nanoparticles: In-vitro biological applications, biocompatibility and their potential towards HepG2 cell line.
Transcription of specific auxin efflux and influx carriers drives auxin homeostasis in tobacco cells.
Soil bacterial diffusible and volatile organic compounds inhibit Phytophthora capsici and promote plant growth.
PiRV-2 stimulates sporulation in Phytophthora infestans.
Culture-based identification to examine spatiotemporal patterns of fungal communities colonizing wood in ground contact.
Rubellimicrobium rubrum sp. nov., a novel bright reddish bacterium isolated from a lichen sample.
Mycoheterotrophic Epirixanthes (Polygalaceae) has a typical angiosperm mitogenome but unorthodox plastid genomes.
iPASTIC: An online toolkit to estimate plant abiotic stress indices.
Harvest effects on density and biomass of Neopicrorhiza scrophulariiflora vary along environmental gradients in the Nepalese Himalayas.
The rediscovery and delimitation of Elatostemasetulosum W.T.Wang (Urticaceae).
Chronic exposure of Oreochromis niloticus to sub-lethal copper concentrations: Effects on growth, antioxidant, non-enzymatic antioxidant, oxidative stress and non-specific immune responses.
Historical perspectives of ethnobotany.
Fucoxanthin-An Antibacterial Carotenoid.
Fraud and misrepresentation in retail forest products exceeds U.S. forensic wood science capacity.
Unexpected Biosynthesis of Fluorescein-Like Arthrocolins against Resistant Strains in an Engineered Escherichia coli.
4-Methylcatechol, a Flavonoid Metabolite with Potent Antiplatelet Effects.
Responses of nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide in regulating oxidative defence system in wheat plants grown under cadmium stress.
[Exploration of objective quality evaluation parameter of Alismatis Rhizoma decoction pieces].
Light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy: Implications for authentication of misidentified herbal drugs.
Phylogeny and ecological processes influence grass coexistence at different spatial scales within the steppe biome.
Synthesis and antitumor activity of aza-brazilan derivatives containing imidazolium salt pharmacophores.
Morphology and phylogeny reveal two novel Coryneum species from China.
Two new species of Hygrophorus from temperate Himalayan Oak forests of Pakistan.
Updated taxonomy of LactifluussectionLuteoli: L.russulisporus from Australia and L.caliendrifer from Thailand.
OsMTOPVIB is required for meiotic bipolar spindle assembly.
Insertion/deletion-activated frame-shift fluorescence protein is a sensitive reporter for genomic DNA editing.
Fibroin Delays Chilling Injury of Postharvest Banana Fruit via Enhanced Antioxidant Capability during Cold Storage.
Solidago graminifolia L. Salisb. (Asteraceae) as a Valuable Source of Bioactive Polyphenols: HPLC Profile, In Vitro Antioxidant and Antimicrobial Potential.
Identification of Auxin Response Factor-Encoding Genes Expressed in Distinct Phases of Leaf Vein Development and with Overlapping Functions in Leaf Formation.
Expression of FRIGIDA in root inhibits flowering in Arabidopsis thaliana.
polyamine uptake transporter 2 (put2) and decaying seeds enhance phyA-mediated germination by overcoming PIF1 repression of germination.
 \' And Eden from the Chaos rose \' : utopian order and rebellion in the Oxford Physick Garden.
Strengths and potential pitfalls of hay transfer for ecological restoration revealed by RAD-seq analysis in floodplain Arabis species.
CARBIOSOL: Biological indicators of soil quality and organic carbon in grasslands and croplands in Wallonia, Belgium.
Correction to: Lentinula edodes as a Source of Bioelements Released Into Artificial Digestive Juices and Potential Anti-inflammatory Material.
Toxicity assessment of anatase (TiO2) nanoparticles: A pilot study on stress response alterations and DNA damage studies in Lens culinaris Medik.
A green approach for the synthesis of alpha-Fe2O3 nanoparticles from Gardenia resinifera plant and it \' s In vitro hyperthermia application.
Inactivation of LACCASE8 and LACCASE5 genes in Brachypodium distachyon leads to severe decrease in lignin content and high increase in saccharification yield without impacting plant integrity.
Partial and full root-zone drought stresses account for differentiate root-sourced signal and yield formation in primitive wheat.
Arctium Species Secondary Metabolites Chemodiversity and Bioactivities.
Adaptive responses of animals to climate change are most likely insufficient.
Isolation of Open Chromatin Identifies Regulators of Systemic Acquired Resistance.
Comparison of pharmacological properties and phytochemical constituents of in vitro propagated and naturally occurring liverwort Lunularia cruciata.
The lichen symbiosis re-viewed through the genomes of Cladonia grayi and its algal partner Asterochloris glomerata.
Flower bud proteome reveals modulation of sex-biased proteins potentially associated with sex expression and modification in dioecious Coccinia grandis.
Label-Free Proteomic Analysis of Molecular Effects of 2-Methoxy-1,4-naphthoquinone on Penicillium italicum.
High-Throughput Screening of Chlorella Vulgaris Growth Kinetics inside a Droplet-Based Microfluidic Device under Irradiance and Nitrate Stress Conditions.
Analysis of Chemical Composition and Assessment of Cytotoxic, Antimicrobial, and Antioxidant Activities of the Essential Oil of Meriandra dianthera Growing in Saudi Arabia.
Insight into multidrug-resistant microorganisms from microbial infected diabetic foot ulcers.
Leaf venation networks of Bornean trees: images and hand-traced segmentations.
ZC4H2 stabilizes RNF220 to pattern ventral spinal cord through modulating Shh/Gli signaling.
Heat transfer in the tank-inflorescence of Nidularium innocentii (Bromeliaceae): Experimental and finite element analysis based on X-ray microtomography.
Targeted ITS1 sequencing unravels the mycodiversity of deep-sea sediments from the Gulf of Mexico.
Acupoint herbal patching for bronchitis: A protocol systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
The phylogenetic position of Anacanthorus (Monogenea, Dactylogyridae) parasitizing Brazilian serrasalmids (Characiformes).
International Code for Phytolith Nomenclature (ICPN) 2.0.
Density-Dependent Plant-Plant Interactions Triggered by Grazing.
ABA Alleviates Uptake and Accumulation of Zinc in Grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.) by Inducing Expression of ZIP and Detoxification-Related Genes.
Assessing Specialized Metabolite Diversity in the Cosmopolitan Plant Genus Euphorbia L.
Drought Tolerance of Soybean (Glycine max L. Merr.) by Improved Photosynthetic Characteristics and an Efficient Antioxidant Enzyme Activities Under a Split-Root System.
Free radical scavenging and some pharmaceutical utilities of nanoparticles in the recent scenario.
Predominance of Trichophyton interdigitale Revealed in Podiatric Nail Dust Collections in Eastern Australia.
Reply to: Data do not support large-scale oligotrophication of terrestrial ecosystems.
Transcriptome profiling of Gerbera hybrida reveals that stem bending is caused by water stress and regulation of abscisic acid.
Promoting Beneficial and Inhibiting Undesirable Biofilm Formation with Mangrove Extracts.
Bioassay Directed Isolation, Biological Evaluation and in Silico Studies of New Isolates from Pteris cretica L.
Hybrid Genome Assembly of a Neotropical Mutualistic Ant.
Disseminating Intention: How a term has spread within cross-species comparative science.
A manganese(ii) phthalocyanine under water-oxidation reaction: new findings.
Three new pterocarpans from the aerial parts of Abrus Precatorius.
Plant growth regulating molecules as thermoprotectants: functional relevance and prospects for improving heat tolerance in food crops.
A new case of kleptoplasty in animals: Marine flatworms steal functional plastids from diatoms.
Controls of plant diversity and composition on a desert archipelago.
Comparative Characterization of Bacterial Communities in Moss-Covered and Unvegetated Volcanic Deposits of Mount Merapi, Indonesia.
Review: Quality of herbal medicinal products: State of the art of purity assessment.
Global evaluation of heavy metal content in surface water bodies: A meta-analysis using heavy metal pollution indices and multivariate statistical analyses.
Time-Resolved Infrared and Visible Spectroscopy on Cryptochrome aCRY: Basis for Red Light Reception.
Oxidative stress mitigation and initiation of antioxidant and osmoprotectant responses mediated by ascorbic acid in Brassica juncea L. subjected to copper (II) stress.
Synthesis and evaluation of cytotoxic and Na+/K+-ATP-ase inhibitory activity of selected 5alpha-oleandrigenin derivatives.
Effects of dry-season irrigation on leaf physiology and biomass allocation in tropical lianas and trees.
Author Correction: Variation of a major facilitator superfamily gene contributes to differential cadmium accumulation between rice subspecies.
Substrate specificity, regiospecificity, and processivity in glycoside hydrolase family 74.
Total synthesis of dryocrassin ABBA and its analogues with potential inhibitory activity against drug-resistant neuraminidases.
Measuring Terrestrial Area of Habitat (AOH) and Its Utility for the IUCN Red List.
Changes in Content of Polyphenols and Ascorbic Acid in Leaves of White Cabbage after Pest Infestation.
Effect of pressure variation on the efficiency of supercritical fluid extraction of wild carrot (Daucus carota subsp. maritimus) extracts.
Polarized transport across root epithelia.
Trans-3,5-dicaffeoylquinic acid from Geigeria alata Benth. &amp; Hook.f. ex Oliv. &amp; Hiern with beneficial effects on experimental diabetes in animal model of essential hypertension.
Plants alter their vertical root distribution rather than biomass allocation in response to changing precipitation.
Root endodermal barrier system contributes to defence against plant-parasitic cyst and root-knot nematodes.
miR-505 suppresses prostate cancer progression by targeting NRCAM.
Antifungal activity of essential oil from Mentha spicata L. and Mentha pulegium L. growing wild in Sardinia island (Italy).
Identification of passion fruit (Passiflora edulis) chromosomes using BAC-FISH.
Site-specific peak intensity ratio (SPIR) from 1D 2H/1H NMR spectra for rapid distinction between natural and synthetic nicotine and detection of possible adulteration.
Occurrence and risk assessment of heavy metals and organochlorine pesticides in surface soils, Central Kenya.
Twelve new and exciting Annonaceae from the Neotropics.
Proteo-metabolomic investigation of transgenic rice unravels metabolic alterations and accumulation of novel proteins potentially involved in defence against Rhizoctonia solani.
Actin depolymerization is able to increase plant resistance against pathogens via activation of salicylic acid signalling pathway.
The Rho-family GTPase OsRac1 controls rice grain size and yield by regulating cell division.
Draft Genome Sequence of Paracoccus sp. Strain 228, Isolated from Surface Water of the Gulf of Gdansk in the Baltic Sea.
Hybrid Decay: A Transgenerational Epigenetic Decline in Vigor and Viability Triggered in Backcross Populations of Teosinte with Maize.
Structural studies of a water insoluble beta-glucan from Pleurotus djamor and its cytotoxic effect against PA1, ovarian carcinoma cells.
Phytohormones Regulate Accumulation of Osmolytes Under Abiotic Stress.
Increased streamflow in catchments affected by a forest disease epidemic.
Alleviation of the effect of salinity on growth and yield of strawberry by foliar spray of selenium-nanoparticles.
Stage-specific functional relationships between Tub1 and Tub2 beta-tubulins in the wheat scab fungus Fusarium graminearum.
Effects of single and repeated drought on soil microarthropods in a semi-arid ecosystem depend more on timing and duration than drought severity.
Anti-inflammatory Effect of Pomelo Peel and Its Bioactive Coumarins.
Herbivory may promote a non-native plant invasion at low but not high latitudes.
Quantitative Analysis of Photobodies.
Offsetting Expression Profiles of Prognostic Markers in Prostate Tumor vs. Its Microenvironment.
Refinement of a clearing protocol to study crassinucellate ovules of the sugar beet (Beta vulgaris L., Amaranthaceae).
Arabidopsis Histone Methyltransferase SUVH5 Is a Positive Regulator of Light-Mediated Seed Germination.
Effects of Plant Growth-Promoting Bacteria (PGPB) Inoculation on the Growth, Antioxidant Activity, Cu Uptake, and Bacterial Community Structure of Rape (Brassica napus L.) Grown in Cu-Contaminated Agricultural Soil.
Non-photosynthetic predators are sister to red algae.
Plants are Capable of Synthesizing Animal Steroid Hormones.
Comprehensive Chemical Profiling and Multidirectional Biological Investigation of Two Wild Anthemis Species (Anthemis tinctoria var. Pallida and A. cretica subsp. tenuiloba): Focus on Neuroprotective Effects.
miR-34c-5p modulates X-box-binding protein 1 (XBP1) expression during the adaptive phase of the unfolded protein response.
Water transport from stem to stomata: the coordination of hydraulic and gas exchange traits across 33 subtropical woody species.
Molecular identification of biological contaminants in different drinking water resources of the Jazan region, Saudi Arabia.
Herbal medicine: Who cares? The changing views on medicinal plants and their roles in British lifestyle.
Essential oils and their bioactive compounds as green preservatives against fungal and mycotoxin contamination of food commodities with special reference to their nanoencapsulation.
Toxicity assessment of ZnO nanoparticles to freshwater microalgae Coelastrella terrestris.
Phylogeny and Sequence Space: A Combined Approach to Analyze the Evolutionary Trajectories of Homologous Proteins. The Case Study of Aminodeoxychorismate Synthase.
Comparative studies on structure of the floral nectaries and the abundance of nectar production of Prunus laurocerasus L.
Silver nanoparticle-induced developmental inhibition of Drosophila melanogaster accompanies disruption of genetic material of larval neural stem cells and non-neuronal cells.
Uncovering homeologous relationships between tetraploid Agropyron cristatum and bread wheat genomes using COS markers.
Symbionts of the ciliate Euplotes: diversity, patterns and potential as models for bacteria-eukaryote endosymbioses.
Distinct Nuclear Organization of Telomeresand Centromeres in Monoclonal Gammopathyof Undetermined Significance and Multiple Myeloma.
Immunolocalization of beta-(1-4)-D-galactan, xyloglucans and xylans in the reaction xylem fibres of Leucaena leucocephala (Lam.) de Wit.
Negative impacts of elevated ozone on dominant species of semi-natural grassland vegetation in Indo-Gangetic plain.
The importance of the North Atlantic land bridges and eastern Asia in the post-Boreotropical biogeography of the Northern Hemisphere as revealed from the poison ivy genus (Toxicodendron, Anacardiaceae).
Neighborhood effects explain increasing asynchronous seedling survival in a subtropical forest.
Dimeric Pyranonaphthoquinone Glycosides with Anti-HIV and Cytotoxic Activities from a Soil-Derived Streptomyces.
Antimicrobial activity of green silver nanoparticles from endophytic fungi isolated from Calotropis procera (Ait) latex.
Biodegradation of diuron by endophytic Bacillus licheniformis strain SDS12 and its application in reducing diuron toxicity for green algae.
Computer-Aided Saturation Mutagenesis of Arabidopsis thaliana Ent-Copalyl Diphosphate Synthase.
Temperature sensitivity of SOM decomposition governed by aggregate protection and microbial communities.
Expression of Toll-Like Receptors (TLR2 and TLR4) in the Eyes of Mice with Disseminated Acanthamoebiasis.
Cell type specific transcriptional reprogramming of maize leaves during Ustilago maydis induced tumor formation.
The MATH-BTB BPM3 and BPM5 subunits of Cullin3-RING E3 ubiquitin ligases target PP2CA and other clade A PP2Cs for degradation.
A maize polygalacturonase functions as a suppressor of programmed cell death in plants.
Time-series transcriptome provides insights into the gene regulation network involved in the volatile terpenoid metabolism during the flower development of lavender.
De novo genome assembly of the endangered Acer yangbiense, a plant species with extremely small populations endemic to Yunnan Province, China.
TaCER1-1A is involved in cuticular wax alkane biosynthesis in hexaploid wheat and responds to plant abiotic stresses.
Variation in the Internal Transcribed Spacer Region of Phakopsora pachyrhizi and Implications for Molecular Diagnostic Assays.
Toonamicrocarpavarin, a new tirucallane-type triterpenoid from Toona Ciliata.
Chemical constituents from plant endophytic fungus Alternaria alternata.
The flip side of the coin: ecological function of the bee-hawking Asian hornet.
Plant photoreceptors and their signaling components compete for COP1 binding via VP peptide motifs.
Hendrik Poorter.
Priming of Silybum marianum (L.) Gaertn seeds with H2O2 and magnetic field ameliorates seawater stress.
Risk factors associated with E. coli causing neonatal calf diarrhea.
Isolation, characterization, cloning and bioinformatics analysis of a novel receptor from black cut worm (Agrotis ipsilon) of Bacillus thuringiensis vip 3Aa toxins.
Natural products of Alternaria sp., an endophytic fungus isolated from Salvadora persica from Saudi Arabia.
Isolation, characterization, and effect of phosphate-zinc-solubilizing bacterial strains on chickpea (Cicer arietinum L.) growth.
Identification of physiological and biochemical markers for salt (NaCl) stress in the seedlings of mungbean [Vigna radiata (L.) Wilczek] genotypes.
The potential of antioxidant activity of methanolic extract of Coscinium fenestratum (Goetgh.) Colebr (Menispermaceae).
Phytotherapeutic efficacy of the medicinal plant Terminalia catappa L.
Bioaccumulation of heavy metals in Channa punctatus (Bloch) in river Ramganga (U.P.), India.
Extensive sampling and high-throughput sequencing reveal Posidoniomycesatricolor gen. et sp. nov. (Aigialaceae, Pleosporales) as the dominant root mycobiont of the dominant Mediterranean seagrass Posidoniaoceanica.
Antibiotics and Resistance Genes in Awash River Basin, Ethiopia.
The fitness benefits of genetic variation in circadian clock regulation.
Re-addressing the biosafety issues of plant growth promoting rhizobacteria.
Alkaloids isolated from Tabernaemontana bufalina display xanthine oxidase inhibitory activity.
Alr2321, a multiple stress inducible glyoxalase I of Anabaena sp. PCC7120 detoxifies methylglyoxal and reactive species oxygen.
Regulation of cadmium toxicity in roots of tomato by indole acetic acid with special emphasis on reactive oxygen species production and their scavenging.
Mechanical properties and structure-function trade-offs in secondary xylem of young roots and stems.
Plant-microbe specificity varies as a function of elevation.
Insulin resistance in prostate cancer patients and predisposing them to acute ischemic heart disease.
Rainfall variability maintains grass-forb species coexistence.
Purification and Characterization of Cellulase from Obligate Halophilic Aspergillus flavus (TISTR 3637) and Its Prospects for Bioethanol Production.
Exposure to mobile phone radiations at 2350 MHz incites cyto- and genotoxic effects in root meristems of Allium cepa.
Overcoming cellulose recalcitrance in woody biomass for the lignin-first biorefinery.
Phytochemical analysis and anti-diabetic, anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities of Loranthus acaciae Zucc. Grown in Saudi Arabia.
Antidiabetic, antioxidant, molecular docking and HPTLC analysis of miquelianin isolated from Euphorbia schimperi C. Presl.
Evidence for potassium transport activity of Arabidopsis KEA1-KEA6.
Seabird clues to ecosystem health.
CRISPR-Cas9 system: A new-fangled dawn in gene editing.
Brassinosteroids application induces phosphatidic acid production and modify antioxidant enzymes activity in tobacco in calcium-dependent manner.
Species diversity patterns in managed Scots pine stands in ancient forest sites.
Tabernabovines A-C: Three Monoterpenoid Indole Alkaloids from the Leaves of Tabernaemontana bovina.
Variable hybridization outcomes in trout are predicted by historical fish stocking and environmental context.
An ERF2-like transcription factor regulates production of the defense sesquiterpene capsidiol upon Alternaria alternata infection.
Chemical ingredients and antioxidant activities of underutilized wild fruits.
FT-IR profiling reveals differential response of roots and leaves to salt stress in a halophyte Sesuvium portulacastrum (L.) L.
BioNetStat: A Tool for Biological Networks Differential Analysis.
Global agricultural productivity is threatened by increasing pollinator dependence without a parallel increase in crop diversification.
The conjugating green alga Zygnema sp. (Zygnematophyceae) from the Arctic shows high frost tolerance in mature cells (pre-akinetes).
Taxi drivers: the role of animals in transporting mycorrhizal fungi.
What motivates new, established and long-term users of herbal medicine: is there more than push and pull?
Metabolic and transcriptional analyses in response to potent inhibitors establish MEP pathway as major route for camptothecin biosynthesis in Nothapodytes nimmoniana (Graham) Mabb.
Monarch butterfly trends are sensitive to unexamined changes in museum collections over time.
Binary interactions between the yeast Candida albicans and two gut-associated Bacteroides species.
Fine-Tuning of Shh/Gli Signaling Gradient by Non-proteolytic Ubiquitination during Neural Patterning.
A global database of paired leaf nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations of terrestrial plants.
Aerobic anoxygenic phototrophs are highly abundant in hypertrophic and polyhumic waters.
Spontaneous mutations in FgSAD1 suppress the growth defect of the Fgprp4 mutant by affecting tri-snRNP stability and its docking in Fusarium graminearum.
Rice FLUORESCENT1 is involved in the Regulation of Chlorophyll.
Phytochemical constituents and ethnopharmacological properties of Ageratum conyzoides L.
Family-level leaf nitrogen and phosphorus stoichiometry of global terrestrial plants.
Orphan crops at the food for future conference.
Endophytic fungi from the branches of Camellia taliensis (W. W. Smith) Melchior, a widely distributed wild tea plant.
Pits with aspiration explain life expectancy of a conifer species.
The B3-Domain Transcription Factor VAL1 Regulates the Floral Transition by Repressing FLOWERING LOCUS T.
Traditional medicinal animal use by Xhosa and Sotho communities in the Western Cape Province, South Africa.
Synthesis, antitumor activity, molecular docking and DFT study of Novel pyrimidiopyrazole derivatives.
First cycad seedling foliage from the fossil record and inferences for the Cenozoic evolution of cycads.
Interactome Analysis and Docking Sites of MutS Homologs Reveal New Physiological Roles in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cyanobacteria as Nanogold Factories II: Chemical Reactivity and anti-Myocardial Infraction Properties of Customized Gold Nanoparticles Biosynthesized by Cyanothece sp.
LC-MSn and HR-MS characterization of secondary metabolites from Hypericum japonicum Thunb. ex Murray from Nepalese Himalayan region and assessment of cytotoxic effect and inhibition of NF-kappaB and AP-1 transcription factors in vitro.
Molecular regulation of pepper innate immunity and stress tolerance: An overview of WRKY TFs.
Evolutionary potential of a widespread clonal grass under changing climate.
Butterfly abundance declines over 20 years of systematic monitoring in Ohio, USA.
Effectiveness of agri-environmental management on pollinators is moderated more by ecological contrast than by landscape structure or land-use intensity.
Phytochemical analysis and effect of the essential oil of Psidium L. species on the initial development and mitotic activity of plants.
STRUCTURE is more robust than other clustering methods in simulated mixed-ploidy populations.
Trophic control of cryptic coralline algal diversity.
Legacy of a Pleistocene bacterial community: Patterns in community dynamics through changing ecosystems.
Silencing OsMAPK20-5 has different effects on rice pests in the field.
Formononetin Regulates Multiple Oncogenic Signaling Cascades and Enhances Sensitivity to Bortezomib in a Multiple Myeloma Mouse Model.
Ameliorative Effect of Beta vulgaris Root Extract on Chlorpyrifos-Induced Oxidative Stress, Inflammation and Liver Injury in Rats.
Study of the responses of two biomonitor plant species (Datura alba &amp; Ricinus communis) to roadside air pollution.
Uptake, translocation and impact of green synthesized nanoceria on growth and antioxidant enzymes activity of Solanum lycopersicum L.
Four new metabolites from the endophytic fungus Diaporthe lithocarpus A740.
Nanoparticle-Mediated Genetic Engineering of Plants.
The Evolution, Ecology, and Mechanisms of Infection by Gram-Positive, Plant-Associated Bacteria.
Flowers up! The effect of floral height along the shoot axis on the fitness of bat-pollinated species.
Insights on modulators in perception of taste modalities: a review.
Contrasting the pathogen loads in co-existing populations of Phytophthora pluvialis and Nothophaeocryptopus gaeumannii in Douglas-fir plantations in New Zealand and the US Pacific Northwest.
Comparative metabolomics of two saline-alkali tolerant plants Suaeda glauca and Puccinellia tenuiflora based on GC-MS platform.
Health care professionals \'  personal and professional views of herbal medicines in the United Kingdom.
Identification of flavonoids and chlorogenic acids in elm fruits from the genus Ulmus and their antioxidant activity.
Dynamic virulence-related regions of the plant pathogenic fungus Verticillium dahliae display enhanced sequence conservation.
Design, Synthesis, and Biological Evaluation of Novel Biotinylated Podophyllotoxin Derivatives as Potential Antitumor Agents.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of a reaction-diffusion model of pollen tube tip growth.
Should I stay or should I go: are chlorogenic acids mobilized towards lignin biosynthesis?
Jasmonic acid application triggers detoxification of lead (Pb) toxicity in tomato through the modifications of secondary metabolites and gene expression.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of hybrid quinolone-based quaternary ammonium antibacterial agents.
Highly sweet compounds of plant origin: From ethnobotanical observations to wide utilization.
Crystal violet dye removal using crosslinked grafted xanthan gum.
Validation of a universal set of primers to study animal-associated microeukaryotic communities.
Report: Pharmacognostic and physicochemical screening of Euphorbia nivulia Buch.-Ham.
CRISPR-cas system: biological function in microbes and its use to treat antimicrobial resistant pathogens.
5 \' -hydroxy Auraptene stimulates osteoblast differentiation of bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells via a BMP-dependent mechanism.
Veronica Plants-Drifting from Farm to Traditional Healing, Food Application, and Phytopharmacology.
Tersone A-G, New Pyridone Alkaloids from the Deep-Sea Fungus Phomopsis tersa.
Combination analysis of the physiology and transcriptome provides insights into the mechanism of silver nanoparticles phytotoxicity.
Callistemonols A and B, Potent Antimicrobial Acylphloroglucinol Derivatives with Unusual Carbon Skeletons from Callistemon viminalis.
Ameliorative effects of Lycium chinensis on male sexual dysfunction and testicular oxidative damage in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Prophylactic Effects of Bifidobacterium adolescentis on Anxiety and Depression-Like Phenotypes After Chronic Stress: A Role of the Gut Microbiota-Inflammation Axis.
Origin and divergence of Afro-Indian Picrodendraceae: linking pollen morphology, dispersal modes, fossil records, molecular dating and paleogeography.
Insights on the systematics and morphology of Humiriaceae (Malpighiales): androecial and extrafloral nectary variation, two new combinations, and a new Sacoglottis from Guyana.
Dysosmavillosa (Berberidaceae), a new species from Guizhou, Southwestern China.
A new quinolone alkaloid from the fruits of Tetradium ruticarpum.
Long-term nitrogen addition modifies microbial composition and functions for slow carbon cycling and increased sequestration in tropical forest soil.
A dynamic yet vulnerable pipeline: Integration and coordination of hydraulic traits across whole plants.
Medicinal uses, thin-layer chromatography and high-performance liquid chromatography profiles of plant species from Abomey-Calavi and Dantokpa Market in the Republic of Benin.
Cardiovascular and ventilatory interactions in the facultative air-breathing teleost Pangasianodon hypophthalmus.
Trace Metal Accumulation in Trigonella foenum-graecum Irrigated with Wastewater and Human Health Risk of Metal Access Through the Consumption.
First insights into salt tolerance improvement of Stevia by plant growth-promoting Streptomyces species.
Drought modulates interactions between arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal diversity and barley genotype diversity.
Chloroplast phylogenomic analysis provides insights into the evolution of the largest eukaryotic genome holder, Paris japonica (Melanthiaceae).
Synthesis of ZnO nanoparticles using insulin-rich leaf extract: Anti-diabetic, antibiofilm and anti-oxidant properties.
Mitigation of bisphenol A using an array of laccase-based robust bio-catalytic cues - A review.
Synthesis of novel galeterone derivatives and evaluation of their in vitro activity against prostate cancer cell lines.
6-Substituted purines as ROCK inhibitors with anti-metastatic activity.
Phenolic compounds from the stems of Fissistigma polyanthoides and their anti-oxidant activities.
Barcoding of estuarine macrophytes and phylogenetic diversity of estuaries along the South African coastline.
Characterization of a thermostable Deconica castanella Laccase and application toward pentachlorophenol degradation.
Role of Metabolic Activation in Elemicin-Induced Cellular Toxicity.
Motility and cytoskeletal organisation in the archigregarine Selenidium pygospionis (Apicomplexa): observations on native and experimentally affected parasites.
Rubber seed oil and flaxseed oil supplementation alter digestion, ruminal fermentation and rumen fatty acid profile of dairy cows.
Medicinal wild plants used by the Mongol herdsmen in Bairin Area of Inner Mongolia and its comparative study between TMM and TCM.
Island blues: indigenous knowledge of indigo-yielding plant species used by Hainan Miao and Li dyers on Hainan Island, China.
Giant cacti - isotopic recorders of climate variation in warm deserts of the Americas.
Enhancement of disease resistance, growth potential, and photosynthesis in tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) by inoculation with an endophytic actinobacterium, Streptomyces thermocarboxydus strain BPSAC147.
Comparative transcriptome analysis of pigeonpea, Cajanus cajan (L.) and one of its wild relatives Cajanus platycarpus (Benth.) Maesen.
Prenylated Stilbenoids Affect Inflammation by Inhibiting the NF-kappaB/AP-1 Signaling Pathway and Cyclooxygenases and Lipoxygenase.
Salpratlactones A and B: A Pair of cis-trans Tautomeric Abietanes as Cav3.1 T-Type Calcium Channel Agonists from Salvia prattii.
Pollen micromorphological analysis of tribe Acacieae (Mimosaceae) with LM and SEM techniques.
Greater than the sum of the parts: how the species composition in different forest strata influence ecosystem function.
Grafting induces flowering time and tuber formation changes in Brassica species involving FT signalling.
Microscopic techniques used for the identification of medicinal plants: A case study of Senna.
Russula swatica: A new species of Russula based on molecular, light microscopy, and scanning electron microscopy analyses from Swat Valley of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
Responses of the kelp Saccharina latissima (Phaeophyceae) to the warming Arctic: from physiology to transcriptomics.
Orthogonal regulation of phytochrome B abundance by stress-specific plastidial retrograde signaling metabolite.
Stronger When Together: Clustering of Plant NLR Disease resistance Genes.
Do G-protein coupled estrogen receptor and bisphenol A analogs influence on Leydig cell epigenetic regulation in immature boar testis ex vivo?
Plastome phylogenomics of Saussurea (Asteraceae: Cardueae).
Correction: Mitema, A. et al. The Development of a qPCR Assay to Measure Aspergillus flavus Biomass in Maize and the Use of a Biocontrol Strategy to Limit Aflatoxin Production. Toxins 2019, 11, 179.
Neuroprotective Potential of Ginkgo biloba in Retinal Diseases.
Evidence for cryptic diversification in a rupicolous forest-dwelling gecko (Gekkonidae: Afroedura pondolia) from a biodiversity hotspot.
Ectopic expression of tea MYB genes alter spatial flavonoid accumulation in alfalfa (Medicago sativa).
Inhibition of Alternaria stem canker on tomato by essential oils from Baccharis species.
Interactions between Transport Protein Particle (TRAPP) complexes and Rab GTPases in Arabidopsis.
Revealing on hydrogen sulfide and nitric oxide signals co-ordination for plant growth under stress conditions.
New 23, 27-dihydroxy-oleanane-type triterpenoid saponins from Anemone Raddeana Regel.
Medicinal Plants and Natural Products Used in Cataract Management.
Potential vulnerability of 348 herbaceous species to atmospheric deposition of nitrogen and sulfur in the United States.
Dead or Alive: Simple, Nondestructive, and Predictive Monitoring of Seedbanks.
Single and simultaneous effects of acrylamide and ethanol on bone microstructure of mice after one remodeling cycle.
The use of medicinal plants by the population from the Protected Landscape of "Serra de Montejunto", Portugal.
Comparative transcriptomic and metabolic analysis reveals the effect of melatonin on delaying anthracnose incidence upon postharvest banana fruit peel.
Polyamine Action under Metal/Metalloid Stress: Regulation of Biosynthesis, Metabolism, and Molecular Interactions.
Oxidative Damage and Antioxidant Defense in Sesamum indicum after Different Waterlogging Durations.
Euphosantianane E-G: Three New Premyrsinane Type Diterpenoids from Euphorbia sanctae-catharinae with Contribution to Chemotaxonomy.
Zinc Uptake, Photosynthetic Efficiency and Oxidative Stress in the Seagrass Cymodocea nodosa Exposed to ZnO Nanoparticles.
The AtHSP17.4C1 Gene Expression Is Mediated by Diverse Signals that Link Biotic and Abiotic Stress Factors with ROS and Can Be a Useful Molecular Marker for Oxidative Stress.
Cucurbita pepo-Rhus aromatica-Humulus lupulus Combination Reduces Overactive Bladder Symptoms in Women - A Noninterventional Study.
Amaryllidaceae alkaloids from Narcissus pseudonarcissus L. cv. Dutch Master as potential drugs in treatment of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Systems plant physiology: An integrated view of plants life.
Polyploid evolution: The ultimate way to grasp the nettle.
Not even wrong: Comment by Wagg et al.
Prediction of Thiopurine Metabolite Levels Based on Hematological and Biochemical Parameters.
Genotoxicity of titanium dioxide nanoparticles and triggering of defense mechanisms in Allium cepa.
Colouring of Pacific barkcloths: identification of the brown, red and yellow colourants used in the decoration of historic Pacific barkcloths.
Land Use Change and Water Quality Use for Irrigation Alters Drylands Soil Fungal Community in the Mezquital Valley, Mexico.
Placement of Triblidiaceae in Rhytismatales and comments on unique ascospore morphologies in Leotiomycetes (Fungi, Ascomycota).
Pesudomance sp. Bacteria Associated with Marine Sponge as a Promising and Sustainable Source of Bioactive Molecules.
[Foliar stable carbon isotope composition and water use efficiency of plant in the Karst seasonal rain forest.]
Ascorbigen A-NMR identification.
Long-term influence of early human occupations on current forests of the Guiana Shield.
Xyloglucan Endotransglucosylase-Hydrolase30 negatively affects salt tolerance in Arabidopsis.
[Complementary and Alternative Medicine for Breast Cancer Patients: An Overview of Systematic Reviews].
Marine macro-algae attenuates nephrotoxicity and hepatotoxicity induced by cisplatin and acetaminophen in rats.
Lentinula edodes as a Source of Bioelements Released into Artificial Digestive Juices and Potential Anti-inflammatory Material.
Transformation and source identification of N in the upper reaches of the Han River basin, China: evaluated by a stable isotope approach.
Metabolite and gene expression analysis reveal the molecular mechanism for petal colour variation in six Centaurea cyanus cultivars.
Effect of tiliamosine, a bis, benzylisoquinoline alkaloid isolated from Tiliacora acuminata (Lam.) Hook. f. &amp; Thom on the immature stages of filarial mosquito Culex quinquefasciatus say (Diptera: Culicidae).
Potential anti-neuroblastoma agents from Juniperus oblonga.
Genotoxicity of engineered nanoparticles in higher plants.
Fluoride contamination, health problems and remediation methods in Asian groundwater: A comprehensive review.
Compared to antioxidants and polyamines, the role of maize grain-derived organic biostimulants in improving cadmium tolerance in wheat plants.
A model for extracellular freezing based on observations on Equisetum hyemale.
Taxonomic significance of caryopsis in subfamily Panicoideae (Poaceae) using scanning electron microscopy and light microscopy.
Genetic basis and timing of a major mating system shift in Capsella.
Analysis of trait heritability in functionally partitioned rice genome.
Accelerated diversifications in three diverse families of morphologically complex lichen-forming fungi link to major historical events.
European mushroom assemblages are darker in cold climates.
Termination in Jasmonate Signaling by MYC2 and MTBs.
Conservation implications of asymmetric introgression and reproductive barriers in a rare primrose species.
Drought Stress Tolerance in Wheat and Barley: Advances in Physiology, Breeding and Genetics Research.
Actinobacterium isolated from a semi-arid environment improves the drought tolerance in maize (Zea mays L.).
Nitrogen alleviates salinity toxicity in Solanum lycopersicum seedlings by regulating ROS homeostasis.
Phylogenomics of Orchidaceae based on plastid and mitochondrial genomes.
Experimental Acute Exposure to Thirdhand Smoke and Changes in the Human Nasal Epithelial Transcriptome: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Identification of salicylic acid-independent responses in an Arabidopsis phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase beta double mutant.
Characterization and Inception of a Triterpenoid Astrakurkurol, as a Cytotoxic Molecule on Human Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cells, Hep3B.
In situ Impact of the Antagonistic Fungal Strain, Trichoderma gamsii T30 on the Plant Pathogenic Fungus, Rhizoctonia solani in Soil.
The farnesyltransferase beta-subunit RAM1 regulates localization of RAS proteins and appressorium-mediated infection in Magnaporthe oryzae.
Purification of Plant ESCRT Proteins for Polyclonal Antibody Production.
The Effects of Age and Reproduction on the Lipidome of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Biofabrication of Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles With Syzygium aromaticum Flower Buds Extract and Finding Its Novel Application in Controlling the Growth and Mycotoxins of Fusarium graminearum.
Antimicrobial potential of Streptomyces sp. to the Gram positive and Gram negative pathogens.
Corrigendum to "Influence of salicylic acid pretreatment on seeds germination and some defence mechanisms of Zea mays plants under copper stress" [Plant Physiol. Biochem. 122, January 2018, 19-30].
Production, Signaling, and Scavenging Mechanisms of Reactive Oxygen Species in Fruit-Pathogen Interactions.
Physiological and Biochemical Responses of Pearl Millet (Pennisetum glaucum L.) Seedlings Exposed to Silver Nitrate (AgNO3) and Silver Nanoparticles (AgNPs).
Patterns of Variation and Chemosystematic Significance of Phenolic Compounds in the Genus Cyclopia (Fabaceae, Podalyrieae).
Dual Role of Metallic Trace Elements in Stress Biology-From Negative to Beneficial Impact on Plants.
Emeriones A-C: Three Highly Methylated Polyketides with Bicyclo[4.2.0]octene and 3,6-Dioxabicyclo[3.1.0]hexane Functionalities from Emericella nidulans.
Suppresive plants as weed management tool: Managing Parthenium hysterophorus under simulated grazing in Australian grasslands.
Evolutionary history of Pneumocystis fungi in their African rodent hosts.
Antibacterial activity of three essential oils and some monoterpenes against Ralstonia solanacearum phylotype II isolated from potato.
Ecological niche modeling and a lack of phylogeographic structure in Vriesea incurvata suggest historically stable areas in the southern Atlantic Forest.
Secondary metabolites from Penicillium sp. 8PKH isolated from deteriorated rice straws.
Misdiagnosis and uncritical use of plant mycorrhizal data are not the only elephants in the room: A response to Brundrett &amp; Tedersoo (2019)  \' Misdiagnosis of mycorrhizas and inappropriate recycling of data can lead to false conclusions \' .
New Oomycota Fungicides With Activity Against Phytophthora cinnamomi and Their Potential Use for Managing Avocado Root Rot in California.
Genetic Diversity of Verticillium dahliae Isolates from Mint Detected with Genotyping by Sequencing.
Current Status and Future Prospects of Semiconductor Quantum Dots in Botany.
Directions for research and training in plant omics: Big Questions and Big Data.
Classifying cold-stress responses of inbred maize seedlings using RGB imaging.
Organ-specific phytohormone synthesis in two Geranium species with antithetical responses to far-red light enrichment.
Salt and oxidative stresses uniquely regulate tomato cytokinin levels and transcriptomic response.
Arabidopsis MATE45 antagonizes local abscisic acid signaling to mediate development and abiotic stress responses.
Exploring DNA quantity and quality from raw materials to botanical extracts.
Physico-chemical changes induced in serum proteins, Immunoglobulin-G and Fibrinogen by reactive carbonyl species, Methylglyoxal.
Mosquito larvicidal potential of hydroxy-2-methyl-4H-pyran-4-one (MALTOL) isolated from the methanol root extract of Senecio laetus Edgew. and its in-silico study.
Comparative efficiency of wheat straw and sugarcane bagasse biochar reduces the cadmium bioavailability to spinach and enhances the microbial activity in contaminated soil.
Characterization of physiochemical and anatomical features associated with enhanced phytostabilization of copper in Bruguiera cylindrica (L.) Blume.
Evaluation of toxic potential of metals in wheat crop grown in wastewater-contaminated soil in Punjab, Pakistan.
Insights into physiological responses of mosses Physcomitrella patens and Pohlia drummondii to lichen secondary metabolites.
The inhibitory effect of compound ChlA-F on human bladder cancer cell invasion can be attributed to its blockage of SOX2 protein.
Correction to: Directed Repeats Co-occur with Few Short-Dispersed Repeats in Plastid Genome of a Spikemoss, Selaginella vardei (Selaginellaceae, Lycopodiopsida).
Multigene phylogenetic analyses to establish new Valsaria species and taxonomic significance of spore ornamentation.
Breaking the silence of the 500-year-old smiling garden of everlasting flowers: The En Tibi book herbarium.
Pharmacognostical study of Desmodium caudatum.
The Protective Roles of PPARalpha Activation in Triptolide-induced Liver Injury.
Nitric oxide-mediated regulation of oxidative stress in plants under metal stress: a review on molecular and biochemical aspects.
Calcium amendment improved the performance of fragrant rice and reduced metal uptake under cadmium toxicity.
Arabidopsis AIP1-1 regulates the organization of apical actin filaments by promoting their turnover in pollen tubes.
Antioxidant, Hypoglycemic, and Neurobehavioral Effects of a Leaf Extract of Avicennia marina on Autoimmune Diabetic Mice.
Unusual Flavones from Primula macrocalyx as Inhibitors of OAT1 and OAT3 and as Antifungal Agents against Candida rugosa.
Arabinogalactan protein-rare earth element complexes activate plant endocytosis.
Market trends and ethnobotany of orchids of Mount Cameroon.
Thermal landscape change as a driver of ectotherm responses to plant invasions.
Testing and using complete plastomes and ribosomal DNA sequences as the next generation DNA barcodes in Panax (Araliaceae).
Cannabis and cannabinoids on treatment of inflammation: a patent review.
Genetic Diversity among Saudi Peganum harmala and Rhazya stricta populations Using chemical and ISSR Markers.
Many unreported crop pests and pathogens are probably already present.
Farming by ants remodels nutrient uptake in epiphytes.
Scutellaria baicalensis Georgi. (Lamiaceae): a review of its traditional uses, botany, phytochemistry, pharmacology and toxicology.
Glycine rich proline rich protein from Sorghum bicolor serves as an antimicrobial protein implicated in plant defense response.
Comprehensive TCM molecular networking based on MS/MS in silico spectra with integration of virtual screening and affinity MS screening for discovering functional ligands from natural herbs.
A customized nuclear target enrichment approach for developing a phylogenomic baseline for Dioscorea yams (Dioscoreaceae).
RadialPheno: A tool for near-surface phenology analysis through radial layouts.
Roadside verges and cemeteries: Comparative analysis of anthropogenic orchid habitats in the Eastern Mediterranean.
Dynamics of telomere length in captive Siamese cobra (Naja kaouthia) related to age and sex.
Genome-wide identification of glutathione S-transferase gene family in pepper, its classification, and expression profiling under different anatomical and environmental conditions.
Emeritus Professor Reinhard Ferdinand Mathias Van Steveninck (1928-2017) and Dr Margaret Elva Van Steveninck (1931-2017) - plant physiologists and electron microscope X-ray microprobe specialists.
Traditional knowledge and cultural importance of Gardenia erubescens Stapf &amp; Hutch. in Sudanian savanna of Burkina Faso.
Genome-wide characterization of aspartic protease (AP) gene family in Populus trichocarpa and identification of the potential PtAPs involved in wood formation.
Secretome Profiling Reveals Virulence-Associated Proteins of Fusarium proliferatum during Interaction with Banana Fruit.
The Role of Serine-Threonine Protein Phosphatase PP2A in Plant Oxidative Stress Signaling-Facts and Hypotheses.
Physiological and biochemical responses to aluminum-induced oxidative stress in two cyanobacterial species.
Molecular Targets Involved in the Neuroprotection Mediated by Terpenoids.
Current knowledge on Parmelia genus: Ecological interest, phytochemistry, biological activities and therapeutic potential.
When Is A Lineage A Species? A Case Study In Myxacorys gen. nov. (Synechococcales: Cyanobacteria) With The Description of Two New Species From The Americas1.
Heat stress effect on source-sink relationships and metabolome dynamics in wheat.
Solution structure, dynamics and function investigation of Kringle domain of human receptor tyrosine kinase-like orphan receptor 1.
Colleen M. Iversen.
The relative importance of plant-soil feedbacks for plant-species performance increases with decreasing intensity of herbivory.
Iterative allogamy-autogamy transitions drive actual and incipient speciation during the ongoing evolutionary radiation within the orchid genus Epipactis (Orchidaceae).
Octosporaconidiophora (Pyronemataceae) - a new species from South Africa and the first report of anamorph in bryophilous Pezizales.
Zeylanidiummanasiae, a new species of Podostemaceae based on molecular and morphological data from Kerala, India.
NADPH Oxidase Is Crucial for the Cellular Redox Homeostasis in Fungal Pathogen Botrytis cinerea.
Differential regulation of auxin and cytokinin during the secondary vascular tissue regeneration in Populus trees.
Origin and domestication of Cucurbitaceae crops: insights from phylogenies, genomics and archaeology.
At the intersection of exocytosis and endocytosis in plants.
Ivermectin biotransformation and impact on transcriptome in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Occurrence of bacteria and endotoxins in fermented foods and beverages from Nigeria and South Africa.
The S. cerevisiae cation translocation protein Trk1 is functional without its "long hydrophilic loop" but LHL regulates cation translocation activity and selectivity.
Blueberry leaves from 73 different cultivars in southeastern China as nutraceutical supplements rich in antioxidants.
Comparison of Lactate Dehydrogenase Activity in Hive and Forager Honeybees May Indicate Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness - Preliminary Studies.
Effect of the conversion of mangroves into shrimp farms on carbon stock in the sediment along the southern Red Sea coast, Saudi Arabia.
RedoxiBase: A database for ROS homeostasis regulated proteins.
Antimicrobial photodynamic activity of toluidine blue-carbon nanotube conjugate against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus - Understanding the mechanism of action.
Review: Endophytic microbes and their potential applications in crop management.
OsMKK3, a Stress-Responsive Protein Kinase, Positively Regulates Rice Resistance to Nilaparvata lugens via Phytohormone Dynamics.
Just the tonic! Legume biorefining for alcohol has the potential to reduce Europe \' s protein deficit and mitigate climate change.
An ecological response index for simultaneous prediction of eutrophication and metal pollution in large rivers.
Antidiabetic activity of root tubers of Asparagus gonoclados Baker in streptozotocin induced diabetic rats.
Fruits of wild and semi-domesticated Diospyros tree species have contrasting phenological, metabolic, and antioxidant activity profiles.
Unraveling the genetic architecture of grain size in einkorn wheat through linkage and homology mapping and transcriptomic profiling.
Defense and Counterdefense During Plant-Pathogenic Oomycete Infection.
Ecology and Evolution of the Sudden Oak Death Pathogen Phytophthora ramorum.
In Silico Analyses of Burial Codon Bias Among the Species of Dipterocarpaceae Through Molecular and Phylogenetic Data.
Genome-wide codon usage bias analysis in Beauveria bassiana.
Antibacterial Activity study of Musizin isolated from Rhamnus wightii Wight and Arn.
Efficacy of two actinomycete extracts in the amelioration of carbon tetrachloride-induced oxidative stress and nephrotoxicity in experimental rats.
EDTA-Assisted Metal Uptake in Raphanus sativus L. and Brassica oleracea L.: Assessment of Toxicity and Food Safety.
Plasticity of phenotype and heteroblasty in contrasting populations of Acacia koa.
Hydraulic and photosynthetic responses of big sagebrush to the 2017 total solar eclipse.
Temporal changes in the spatial distribution of carabid beetles around arable field-woodlot boundaries.
Nitric oxide and ROS mediate autophagy and regulate Alternaria alternata toxin-induced cell death in tobacco BY-2 cells.
RST1 is a FREE1 suppressor that negatively regulates vacuolar trafficking in Arabidopsis.
Environmental friendly synthesis of silver nanomaterials from the promising Streptomyces parvus strain Al-Dhabi-91 recovered from the Saudi Arabian marine regions for antimicrobial and antioxidant properties.
Antidepressant-like activity of hyperforin and changes in BDNF and zinc levels in mice exposed to chronic unpredictable mild stress.
The large genome size variation in the Hesperis clade was shaped by the prevalent proliferation of DNA repeats and rarer genome downsizing.
A new interpretation on vascular architecture of the cauline system in Commelinaceae (Commelinales).
Machine learning with the hierarchy-of-hypotheses (HoH) approach discovers novel pattern in studies on biological invasions.
PRECOCIOUS1 (POCO1), a mitochondrial pentatricopeptide repeat protein affects flowering time in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Genome of the tropical plant Marchantia inflexa: implications for sex chromosome evolution and dehydration tolerance.
Methanol Extract of Aerial Parts of Pavetta indica L. Enhances the Cytotoxic Effect of Doxorubicin and Induces Radiation Sensitization in MDA-MB-231 Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Cells.
Symphytum Species: A Comprehensive Review on Chemical Composition, Food Applications and Phytopharmacology.
Exploration of Chlorophyll a Fluorescence and Plant Gas Exchange Parameters as Indicators of Drought Tolerance in Perennial Ryegrass.
Potential of Transcript Editing Across Mitogenomes of Early Land Plants Shows Novel and Familiar Trends.
Diversity in genome size and GC content shows adaptive potential in orchids and is closely linked to partial endoreplication, plant life-history traits and climatic conditions.
Leaf economics and plant hydraulics drive leaf : wood area ratios.
Hypoglycemic effects of esculeoside A are mediated via activation of AMPK and upregulation of IRS-1.
Antimicrobial Peptides - Small but Mighty Weapons for Plants in the War against Phytopathogens.
Cytotoxic Cycloartane Triterpenoid Saponins from the Rhizomes of Cimicifuga foetida.
Editorial: Genetic Regulatory Mechanisms Underlying Developmental Shifts in Plant Evolution.
The Plant Ontology Facilitates Comparisons of Plant Development Stages Across Species.
Both Alpha- and Beta-Rhizobia Occupy the Root Nodules of Vachellia karroo in South Africa.
Malachite green-conjugated multi-walled carbon nanotubes potentiate antimicrobial photodynamic inactivation of planktonic cells and biofilms of Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus.
Scientists \'  warning to humanity: microorganisms and climate change.
Temporal changes in the transcriptomic profile of granulosa cells of pigs treated with 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin.
Triterpenoids and Their Glycosides from Glinus Oppositifolius with Antifungal Activities against Microsporum Gypseum and Trichophyton Rubrum.
NGS-Indel Coder: A pipeline to code indel characters in phylogenomic data with an example of its application in milkweeds (Asclepias).
Purification and kinetics of the PHB depolymerase of Microbacterium paraoxydans RZS6 isolated from a dumping yard.
Petchiether A attenuates obstructive nephropathy by suppressing TGF-beta/Smad3 and NF-kappaB signalling.
Fully exposed canopy tree and liana branches in a tropical forest differ in mechanic traits but are similar in hydraulic traits.
Synthesis and characterization of cationic surfactants and their interactions with drug and metal complexes.
Timing and ecological priority shaped the diversification of sedges in the Himalayas.
Hydrogen sulfide alleviates chromium stress on cauliflower by restricting its uptake and enhancing antioxidative system.
Detecting the onset of autumn leaf senescence in deciduous forest trees of the temperate zone.
A spatiotemporal natural-human database to evaluate road development impacts in an Amazon trinational frontier.
Author Correction: Limited capacity of tree growth to mitigate the global greenhouse effect under predicted warming.
A fully resolved backbone phylogeny reveals numerous dispersals and explosive diversifications throughout the history of Asteraceae.
Whole-brain mapping of projection from mouse lateral septal nucleus.
Teratogenic jervine increases the activity of doxorubicin in MCF-7/ADR cells by inhibiting ABCB1.
Differential effects of NaCl and Na2SO4 on the halophyte Prosopis strombulifera are explained by different responses of photosynthesis and metabolism.
Preponderance of Oxygenated Sesquiterpenes and Diterpenes in the Volatile Oil Constituents of Lactuca serriola L. Revealed Antioxidant and Allelopathic Activity.
Autonomous sound recording outperforms human observation for sampling birds: a systematic map and user guide.
Fast attrition of springtail communities by experimental drought and richness-decomposition relationships across Europe.
Translation initiation codon (ATG) or SCoT markers-based polymorphism study within and across various Capsicum accessions: insight from their amplification, cross-transferability and genetic diversity.
Deciphering species relationships and evolution in Chenopodium through sequence variations in nuclear internal transcribed spacer region and amplified fragment-length polymorphism in nuclear DNA.
A mechanistic approach to understand the allosteric reverse signaling by selective and trapping poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase 1 (PARP-1) inhibitors.
Analysis of Antagonistic Potential of Secondary Metabolites and Organic Fractions of Trichoderma Species against Alternaria Alternata.
Polybenzyls from Gastrodia elata, their agonistic effects on melatonin receptors and structure-activity relationships.
Thermal tolerance patterns across latitude and elevation.
Anti-BACE1 and anti-AchE activities of undescribed spiro-dioxolane-containing meroterpenoids from the endophytic fungus Aspergillus terreus Thom.
Lead toxicity induced phytotoxic effects on mung bean can be relegated by lead tolerant Bacillus subtilis (PbRB3).
A model of gross primary productivity based on satellite data suggests formerly afforested peatlands undergoing restoration regain full photosynthesis capacity after five to ten years.
The relative contributions of climate, soil, diversity and interactions to leaf trait variation and spectrum of invasive Solidago canadensis.
Release of tetrabromobisphenol A (TBBPA)-derived non-extractable residues in oxic soil and the effects of the TBBPA-degrading bacterium Ochrobactrum sp. strain T.
Parietaria major allergens vs pollen in the air we breathe.
Monitoring of fungal root colonisation, arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi diversity and soil microbial processes to assess the success of ecosystem translocation.
Three new C23 steroids from the leaves and stems of Nicandra physaloides.
Trophic transfer and bioaccumulation of lead along soil-plant-aphid-ladybird food chain.
Pollen development in male sterile mangosteen (Garcinia mangostana L.) and male fertile seashore mangosteen (Garcinia celebica L.).
Phytochrome activates the plastid-encoded RNA polymerase for chloroplast biogenesis via nucleus-to-plastid signaling.
K+ and Cl- channels/transporters independently fine-tune photosynthesis in plants.
NCP activates chloroplast transcription by controlling phytochrome-dependent dual nuclear and plastidial switches.
Grading and assessment of clinical predictive tools for paediatric head injury: a new evidence-based approach.
Chelation of specific metal ions imparts coplanarity and fluorescence in two imidazo[1,2-a]pyridine derivatives: Potential chemosensors for detection of metal ions in aqueous and biosamples.
An electrochemical method for plant species determination and classification based on fingerprinting petal tissue.
Application of magnetic field improves growth, yield and fruit quality of tomato irrigated alternatively by fresh and agricultural drainage water.
Regulation of thiol metabolism as a factor that influences the development and storage capacity of beech seeds.
Genotyping-by-Sequencing Reveals Fine-Scale Differentiation in Populations of Pseudoperonospora humuli.
Mechanics of a plant in fluid flow.
Synthesis and biological function of Nickel and Copper nanoparticles.
Data on different seed harvesting methods used in grassland restoration on ex-arable land.
Drought-induced dieback of Pinus nigra: a tale of hydraulic failure and carbon starvation.
The morphometrics of autopolyploidy: insignificant differentiation among sexual-apomictic cytotypes.
Differential patterns of nitrogen nutrition and growth cost of the indigenous Vachellia sieberiana and the introduced Chromolaena odorata in the savannah environment.
Measurement of Electropotential Waves in Intact Sieve Elements Using Aphids as Bioelectrodes.
Measurement of Electropotential Waves in Intact Phloem Sieve Elements Using Microelectrodes.
Optimal Preparation of Tissue Sections for Light-Microscopic Analysis of Phloem Anatomy.
Author Correction: Genome sequencing and population genomic analyses provide insights into the adaptive landscape of silver birch.
Structure and heparanase inhibitory activity of a new glycosaminoglycan from the slug Limacus flavus.
Hmong herbal medicine and herbalists in Lao PDR: pharmacopeia and knowledge transmission.
Endophytic fungal diversity and their interaction with plants for agriculture sustainability under stressful condition.
Three Structural Features of Functional Food Components and Herbal Medicine with Amyloid beta42 Anti-Aggregation Properties.
Guard Cell Microfilament Analyzer Facilitates the Analysis of the Organization and Dynamics of Actin Filaments in Arabidopsis Guard Cells.
Nitrogen drives plant growth to the detriment of leaf sugar and steviol glycosides metabolisms in Stevia (Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni).
Morphological variation of the female reproductive organs of the bat Artibeus lituratus during its different reproductive phases.
Inhibitory effects of leaf extract of Lawsonia inermis on Curvularia lunata and characterization of novel inhibitory compounds by GC-MS analysis.
Bioaccumulation and potential sources of heavy metal contamination in fish species in River Ganga basin: Possible human health risks evaluation.
Recombinant human dentin matrix protein 1 (DMP1) induces the osteogenic differentiation of human periodontal ligament cells.
Oxidative stress caused by Basagran  herbicide is altered by salicylic acid treatments in peanut plants.
Induction of phenotypic diversity in mutagenized population of lentil (Lens culinaris Medik) by using heavy metal.
Potential antigenotoxicity assessment of Ziziphus jujuba fruit.
Data on morphological features change of pre-hydrolysis treated sugarcane bagasse using in-situ sodium hydroxide-sodium bisulfate method.
Evaluation of genetic relationship among varieties of Capsicum annuum L. and Capsicum frutescens L. in West Africa using ISSR markers.
Translocation of Otostegia bucharica, a highly threatened narrowly distributed relict shrub.
Evaluation of potentially probiotic attributes of certain dairy yeast isolated from buffalo sweetened Karish cheese.
Conservation-oriented restoration - a two for one method to restore both threatened species and their habitats.
Ecological studies of Commiphora genus (myrrha) in Makkah region, Saudi Arabia.
Transcriptome Sequencing Reveals Regulatory Mechanisms of Taxol Synthesis in Taxus wallichiana var. Mairei.
Genome-Wide Analysis of WRKY Genes and Their Response to Hormone and Mechanic Stresses in Carrot.
A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Association Analyses of Ethiopian Sorghum Landrace Collection Reveal Loci Associated With Important Traits.
The Cytokinin Complex Associated With Rhodococcus fascians: Which Compounds Are Critical for Virulence?
Manipulating Endoplasmic Reticulum-Plasma Membrane Tethering in Plants Through Fluorescent Protein Complementation.
Effect of Neuroterus quercusbaccarum (L.) galls on physiological and biochemical response of Quercus robur leaves.
Floral micromorphology and nectar composition of the early evolutionary lineage Utricularia (subgenus Polypompholyx, Lentibulariaceae).
Cell wall hydrolases act in concert during aerenchyma development in sugarcane roots.
Evolution of nitrogen cycling in regrowing Amazonian rainforest.
Comparison of uridine diphosphate-glycosyltransferase UGT76G1 genes from some varieties of Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni.
Variation of a major facilitator superfamily gene contributes to differential cadmium accumulation between rice subspecies.
What drives polyploidization in plants?
Comparison Among Five Eucalyptus Species Based on Their Leaf Contents of Some Primary and Secondary Metabolites.
Development of a rapid and highly efficient Agrobacterium-mediated transformation system for pigeon pea [Cajanus cajan (L.) Millsp].
Synergistic effect of silver nanoparticles and polymyxin B against biofilm produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolates of pus samples in vitro.
Biological mediated Ag nanoparticles from Barleria longiflora for antimicrobial activity and photocatalytic degradation using methylene blue.
24-Epibrassinolide pre-treatment reduces alkaline-induced oxidative stress in red rice seedlings.
Diversity of Onygenalean Fungi in Keratin-Rich Habitats of Maharashtra (India) and Description of Three Novel Taxa.
Characterization of Aspergillus niger siderophore that mediates bioleaching of rare earth elements from phosphorites.
Significant influence of lignin on axial elastic modulus of poplar wood at low microfibril angles under wet conditions.
Aspergillus flavus Promoted the Growth of Soybean and Sunflower Seedlings at Elevated Temperature.
Anti-breast cancer potential of frullanolide from Grangea maderaspatana plant by inducing apoptosis.
World \' s largest plant survey reveals alarming extinction rate.
A Label-free Mass Spectrometry Method to Predict Endogenous Protein Complex Composition.
Directed Repeats Co-occur with Few Short-Dispersed Repeats in Plastid Genome of a Spikemoss, Selaginella vardei (Selaginellaceae, Lycopodiopsida).
Mangiterpenes A-C and 2 \' ,3 \' -seco-manginoid C, four sesquiterpene/monoterpene-shikimate-conjugated spirocyclic meroterpenoids from Guignardia mangiferae.
Studies on the gametophytic development, mating behaviour and reproductive biology of Macrothelypteris torresiana (Gaudich.) Ching (Thelypteridaceae).
Nitric oxide induced modulations in adventitious root growth, lignin content and lignin synthesizing enzymes in the hypocotyls of Vigna radiata.
A critical review on use of Agrobacterium rhizogenes and their associated binary vectors for plant transformation.
Role of ploidy in colonization of alpine habitats in natural populations of Arabidopsis arenosa.
ICTV Virus Taxonomy Profile: Endornaviridae.
Enhancement of ABA Sensitivity Through Conditional Expression of the ARF10 Gene in Brassica juncea Reveals Fertile Plants with Tolerance Against Alternaria brassicicola.
Specialized metabolites contributing to colour and scent volatiles in Uvaria hamiltonii flowers.
Antioxidant activity of Vitis vinifera, Punica granatum, Citrus aurantium and Opuntia ficus indica fruits cultivated in Algeria.
Timing of salicylic acid application affects the response of maize (Zea mays L.) hybrids to salinity stress.
Hemiboeaalbiflora, a new species of Gesneriaceae from Guizhou, China.
Paramo Calamagrostis s.l. (Poaceae): An updated list and key to the species known or likely to occur in paramos of NW South America and southern Central America including two new species, one new variety and five new records for Colombia.
Botanical Sources, Chemistry, Analysis, and Biological Activity of Furanocoumarins of Pharmaceutical Interest.
Gasotransmitters in Action: Nitric Oxide-Ethylene Crosstalk during Plant Growth and Abiotic Stress Responses.
Tetrahydropyrazolo[1,5-a]pyridine-fused steroids and their in vitro biological evaluation in prostate cancer.
The influence of microbial isoflavonoid specific metabolites on platelets and transition metals iron and copper.
Termipaniculatones A-F, chalcone-flavonone heterodimers from Terminthia paniculata, and their protective effects on hyperuricemia and acute gouty arthritis.
Differences in morphological and physiological plasticity in two species of first-year conifer seedlings exposed to drought result in distinct survivorship patterns.
Cold tolerance response mechanisms revealed through comparative analysis of gene and protein expression in multiple rice genotypes.
Antidiabetic Stilbenes from Peony Seeds with PTP1B, alpha-Glucosidase, and DPPIV Inhibitory Activities.
Silver nanoparticles enter the tree stem faster through leaves than through roots.
Four Yellow Monoterpenoid Quinoline Alkaloids from the Stem of Tabernaemontana bovina.
The influence of landscape, climate, and history on spatial genetic patterns in keystone plants (Azorella) on sub-Antarctic islands.
Dicer 1 of Candida albicans cleaves plant viral dsRNA in vitro and provides tolerance in plants against virus infection.
Silicon Supplementation of Rescuegrass Reduces Herbivory by a Grasshopper.
Metabolic Dynamics During Loquat Fruit Ripening and Postharvest Technologies.
Deletion of FgHOG1 Is Suppressive to the mgv1 Mutant by Stimulating Gpmk1 Activation and Avoiding Intracellular Turgor Elevation in Fusarium graminearum.
Stilbocrea walteri sp. nov., an unusual species of Bionectriaceae.
Separation, synthesis, and cytotoxicity of a series of mogrol derivatives.
The relative impact of toxic heavy metals (THMs) (arsenic (As), cadmium (Cd), chromium (Cr)(VI), mercury (Hg), and lead (Pb)) on the total environment: an overview.
The effects of IBA on the composition of maize root cell walls.
Trace elements in the seagrass Posidonia oceanica: Compartmentation and relationships with seawater and sediment concentrations.
An insight into the folding and stability of Arabidopsis thaliana SOG1 transcription factor under salinity stress in vitro.
Melatonin Receptors Agonistic Activities of Phenols from Gastrodia elata.
Involvement of Phenolic Acids in Short-Term Adaptation to Salinity Stress is Species-Specific among Brassicaceae.
Microbial Beta Glucosidase Enzymes: Recent Advances in Biomass Conversation for Biofuels Application.
Chlorophyll fluorescence and carbohydrate concentration as field selection traits for heat tolerant chickpea genotypes.
Phytosynthesis of silver nanoparticles using Mangifera indica flower extract as bioreductant and their broad-spectrum antibacterial activity.
Transcriptome-wide analysis of pseudouridylation of mRNA and non-coding RNAs in Arabidopsis.
The complexity of alternative splicing and landscape of tissue-specific expression in lotus (Nelumbo nucifera) unveiled by Illumina- and single-molecule real-time-based RNA-sequencing.
Taxonomic significance of foliar epidermal morphology in Lamiaceae from Pakistan.
Microwave-accelerated sorption of cationic dyes onto green marine algal biomass.
Plasma treated fabrics coated with naturally derived Ag-NPs for biomedical application.
Nanoparticles: biosynthesis, translocation and role in plant metabolism.
Draft Genome Sequence of Streptomyces thermocarboxydus BPSAC147, a Potentially Plant Growth-Promoting Endophytic Bacterium.
A Genome-Scale Metabolic Model of Soybean (Glycine max) Highlights Metabolic Fluxes in Seedlings.
Prenylated stilbenes and flavonoids from the leaves of Cajanus cajan.
Genistein and Selected Phytoestrogen-Containing Extracts Differently Modulate Antioxidant Properties and Cell Differentiation: an in Vitro Study in NIH-3T3, HaCaT and MCF-7 Cells.
Assessing interactions between environmental factors and aquatic toxicity: Influences of dissolved CO2 and light on Cd toxicity in the aquatic macrophyte Potamogeton crispus.
Exogenous N-Acetylcysteine alleviates heavy metal stress by promoting phenolic acids to support antioxidant defence systems in wheat roots.
Genome-wide analysis of the callose enzyme families of fertile and sterile flower buds of the Chinese cabbage (Brassica rapa L. ssp. pekinensis).
Proteome Dataset of Qualea grandiflora Mart. (Vochysiaceae) by LC-MS/MS Label-Free Identification in Response to Aluminum.
Mortality, teratogenicity and growth inhibition of three glyphosate formulations using Frog Embryo Teratogenesis Assay-Xenopus.
Insights into transcriptional characteristics and homoeolog expression bias of embryo and de-embryonated kernels in developing grain through RNA-Seq and Iso-Seq.
Analysis of oxidative stress and cellular aggregation in the coelomocytes of earthworms collected from metal contaminated sites of industrial and agricultural soils of West Bengal, India.
Heavy metal accumulation in surface sediments of the Ganga River (India): speciation, fractionation, toxicity, and risk assessment.
Molecular analysis of genetic diversity and population genetic structure in Ephedra foliata: an endemic and threatened plant species of arid and semi-arid regions of India.
Intraspecific variation in sensitivity of high yielding rice varieties towards UV-B radiation.
Variations in the antioxidant and free radical scavenging under induced heavy metal stress expressed as proline content in chickpea.
Redox-regulation of germination during imbibitional oxidative and chilling stress in an indica rice cultivar (Oryza sativa L., Cultivar Ratna).
Physiological mechanisms of exogenous calcium on alleviating salinity-induced stress in rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Partial purification, characterization and mode of action of bacteriocins produced by three strains of Pediococcus sp.
Nanobiotechnology approaches for engineering smart plant sensors.
The Respiratory Burst Oxidase Homolog D (RbohD) Cell and Tissue Distribution in Potato-Potato Virus Y (PVYNTN) Hypersensitive and Susceptible Reactions.
Farming strategies of 1st millennium CE agro-pastoralists on the southern foothills of the Tianshan Mountains: A geoarchaeological and macrobotanical investigation of the Mohuchahangoukou (MGK) site, Xinjiang, China.
The ecology and significance of below-ground bud banks in plants.
Meta-analysis of yield response of foliar fungicide-treated hybrid corn in the United States and Ontario, Canada.
The Hoard of the Rings. "Odd" annular bread-like objects as a case study for cereal-product diversity at the Late Bronze Age hillfort site of Stillfried (Lower Austria).
The climatic drivers of primary Picea forest growth along the Carpathian arc are changing under rising temperatures.
The sources and mechanisms of bioactive ingredients in coffee.
Walteriella n. g. (Monogenoidea: Dactylogyridae) from the gills of pimelodid catfishes (Siluriformes: Pimelodidae) from the Peruvian Amazonia based on morphological and molecular data.
Deep expression analysis reveals distinct cold-response strategies in rubber tree (Hevea brasiliensis).
The major zeaxanthin dipalmitate derivatives from wolfberry.
Phylogenomics reveals an ancient hybrid origin of the Persian walnut.
Molybdenum-induced effects on photosynthetic efficacy of winter wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) under different nitrogen sources are associated with nitrogen assimilation.
Assessing systemic and non-systemic transmission risk of tick-borne encephalitis virus in Hungary.
Ontogenetic variation in salinity tolerance and ecophysiology of coastal dune plants.
Conserving evolutionary history does not result in greater diversity over geological time scales.
Developing Attributes and Attribute-Levels for a Discrete-Choice Experiment: An Example for Interventions of Impulsive Violent Offenders.
Regulation of Low and High Nucleic Acid Fluorescent Heterotrophic Prokaryote Subpopulations and Links to Viral-Induced Mortality Within Natural Prokaryote-Virus Communities.
Responses of community structure and diversity to nitrogen deposition and rainfall addition in contrasting steppes are ecosystem-dependent and dwarfed by year-to-year community dynamics.
Phenotypic effects of the Y chromosome are variable and structured in hybrids among house mouse recombinant lines.
Responses of biomass allocation across two vegetation types to climate fluctuations in the northern Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
A pre-Miocene Irano-Turanian cradle: Origin and diversification of the species-rich monocot genus Gagea (Liliaceae).
Molecular identification of natural hybridization between Melastoma malabathricum and Melastoama beccarianum in Sarawak, Malaysia.
Phylogenetic placement of Leprariacryptovouauxii sp. nov. (Lecanorales, Lecanoromycetes, Ascomycota) with notes on other Lepraria species from South America.
An expanded subfamily of G-protein-coupled receptor genes in Fusarium graminearum required for wheat infection.
Traditional Herbal Medicines for Diabetes Used in Europe and Asia: Remedies From Croatia and Sri Lanka.
Myrica esculenta Buch.-Ham. ex D. Don: A Natural Source for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention.
Highly oxygenated meroterpenoids from the Antarctic fungus Aspergillus terreus.
Daucovirgolides I-L, four congeners of the antimalarial daucovirgolide G from Daucus virgatus.
Metapopulation Vicariance, Age of Island Taxa and Dispersal: A Case Study Using the Pacific Plant Genus Planchonella (Sapotaceae).
Stability and Resiliency of Biological Control of the Twospotted Spider Mite (Acari: Tetranychidae) in Hop.
Oxalis seeds from the Cape Flora have a spectrum of germination strategies.
Plant distribution, stature, rarity, and diversity in a patterned calcareous fen: tests of geochemical and leaf-height models.
Ethnoveterinary Therapeutic Practices and Conservation Status of the Medicinal Flora of Chamla Valley, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
The Repetitive DNA Composition in the Natural Pesticide Producer Tanacetum cinerariifolium: Interindividual Variation of Subtelomeric Tandem Repeats.
Efficiency Optimization of CRISPR/Cas9-Mediated Targeted Mutagenesis in Grape.
Biomass Allocation in Response to Nitrogen and Phosphorus Availability: Insight From Experimental Manipulations of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Editorial: Beneficial Microbes Alleviate Climatic Stresses in Plants.
Fine-Tuning the Expression of Duplicate Genes by Translational Regulation in Arabidopsis and Maize.
The Soil Microbiome of GLORIA Mountain Summits in the Swiss Alps.
Using Network Theory to Understand and Predict Biological Invasions.
Polyamines modulate growth, antioxidant activity, and genomic DNA in heavy metal-stressed wheat plant.
Identification of drivers of landscape distribution of forest orchids using germination experiment and species distribution models.
Acidocalcisomes: Ultrastructure, Biogenesis, and Distribution in Microbial Eukaryotes.
An insight into the mechanism of antifungal activity of biogenic nanoparticles than their chemical counterparts.
Resistance induction in cucumber and direct antifungal activity of zirconium oxide nanoparticles against Rhizoctonia solani.
Bio-sensing of organophosphorus pesticides: A review.
A Post-domestication Mutation, Dt2, Triggers Systemic Modification of Divergent and Convergent Pathways Modulating Multiple Agronomic Traits in Soybean.
Asymmetry in above- and belowground productivity responses to N addition in a semi-arid temperate steppe.
Arsenolipids are not uniformly distributed within two brown macroalgal species Saccharina latissima and Alaria esculenta.
Transgenic Reduction of Cytokinin Levels in Roots Inhibits Root-Sprouting in Populus.
Metabolites profiling of Ziziphus leaf taxa via UHPLC/PDA/ESI-MS in relation to their biological activities.
Molecular cytogenetic characterisation of Elytrigia xmucronata, a natural hybrid of E. intermedia and E. repens (Triticeae, Poaceae).
The interaction of genes controlling root traits is required for the developmental acquisition of deep and thick root traits and improving root architecture in response to low water or nitrogen content in rice (Oryza sativa L.) cultivars.
Effects of simulated Cd deposition on soil Cd availability, microbial response, and crop Cd uptake in the passivation-remediation process of Cd-contaminated purple soil.
Acute and subacute toxicity evaluation of ethanol extract from aerial parts of Epigynum auritum in mice.
Isolation and structural elucidation of a novel brunnein-type antioxidant beta-carboline alkaloid from Cyclocybe cylindracea.
Chromulinavorax destructans, a pathogen of microzooplankton that provides a window into the enigmatic candidate phylum Dependentiae.
Evolutionary model of plastidial RNA editing in angiosperms presumed from genome-wide analysis of Amborella trichopoda.
Assessing the utility of conserving evolutionary history.
Additional contributions to taxonomy, nomenclature and biogeography of the Turkish Crataegus (Rosaceae) taxa.
First record of the genus Empidideicus Becker, 1907 (Diptera, Mythicomyiidae) in China and the Oriental Region, with description of a new species.
Type material comparison of possible cryptic species of the genus Electrogena (Ephemeroptera, Heptageniidae) in Central Europe.
Opportunities for behavioral rescue under rapid environmental change.
Intraspecific divergence in floral-tube length promotes asymmetric pollen movement and reproductive isolation.
Plant Cell Lines in Cell Morphogenesis Research: From Phenotyping to -Omics.
Antisense Oligodeoxynucleotide-Mediated Gene Knockdown in Pollen Tubes.
The Photoconvertible Fluorescent Protein Dendra2 Tag as a Tool to Investigate Intracellular Protein Dynamics.
Transient Gene Expression as a Tool to Monitor and Manipulate the Levels of Acidic Phospholipids in Plant Cells.
Using FM Dyes to Study Endomembranes and Their Dynamics in Plants and Cell Suspensions.
Visualizing and Quantifying In Vivo Cortical Cytoskeleton Structure and Dynamics.
Phytotoxicity of ZnO/kaolinite nanocomposite-is anchoring the right way to lower environmental risk?
Molecular profiling of anastatic cancer cells: potential role of the nuclear export pathway.
Description of Halegenticoccus soli gen. nov., sp. nov., a halophilic archaeon isolated from a soil sample of Ebi lake.
Position and orientation of the westerly jet determined Holocene rainfall patterns in China.
Cysteine-rich peptides promote interspecific genetic isolation in Arabidopsis.
Draft Genome Sequence of Plant Growth-Promoting Endophytic Microbacterium hydrothermale BPSAC84, Isolated from the Medicinal Plant Mirabilis jalapa.
Synthesis and characterization of ZnO nanoflakes anchored carbon nanoplates for antioxidant and anticancer activity in MCF7 cell lines.
Phylogeographic structures of the host insects of Ophiocordyceps sinensis.
The repetitive DNA landscape in Avena (Poaceae): chromosome and genome evolution defined by major repeat classes in whole-genome sequence reads.
Phenolic Compounds from Five Ericaceae Species Leaves and Their Related Bioavailability and Health Benefits.
Genome Sequences Provide Insights into the Reticulate Origin and Unique Traits of Woody Bamboos.
Field estimates of fitness costs of the pace-of-life in an endangered damselfly.
Nucleotide ecto-enzyme metabolic pattern and spatial distribution in calcific aortic valve disease; its relation to pathological changes and clinical presentation.
Structural aspects of cypsela and seed development of Trichocline catharinensis (Cabrera): a Brazilian endemic species.
Natural Auxin Does Not Inhibit Brefeldin A Induced PIN1 and PIN2 Internalization in Root Cells.
Frost Survival Mechanism of Vegetative Buds in Temperate Trees: Deep Supercooling and Extraorgan Freezing vs. Ice Tolerance.
Origin of viruses: primordial replicators recruiting capsids from hosts.
NAD+-capped RNAs are widespread in the Arabidopsis transcriptome and can probably be translated.
NAD tagSeq reveals that NAD+-capped RNAs are mostly produced from a large number of protein-coding genes in Arabidopsis.
Growth optimization, free radical scavenging and antibacterial potential of Chlorella sp. SRD3 extracts against clinical isolates.
Fitness of reciprocal F1 hybrids between Rhinanthus minor and Rhinanthus major under controlled conditions and in the field.
Is Amphistomy an Adaptation to High Light? Optimality Models of Stomatal Traits along Light Gradients.
Population Structure of Phytophthora plurivora on Rhododendron in Oregon Nurseries.
Identification of novel monoamine oxidase selective inhibitors employing a hierarchical ligand-based virtual screening strategy.
Epidemiology of respiratory viruses in Saudi Arabia: toward a complete picture.
Comparative response to drought in primitive and modern wheat: a cue on domestication.
Characterization of 15 nuclear microsatellite markers for Afzelia africana (Fabaceae) and related species.
A new protocol for psychrometric pressure-volume curves of fern gametophytes.
A method to implement continuous characters in digital identification keys that estimates the probability of an annotation.
Isolation and characterization of 15 SSR loci for the endangered European tetraploid species Gladiolus palustris (Iridaceae).
PGA: a software package for rapid, accurate, and flexible batch annotation of plastomes.
Looking for Lepiotapsalion Huijser &amp; Vellinga (Agaricales, Agaricaceae).
Reinstatement of the corticioid genus Leifia (Hymenochaetales, Basidiomycota) with a new species L.brevispora from Hubei, Central China.
Comparative genomics approach to build a genome-wide database of high-quality, informative microsatellite markers: application on Phytophthora sojae, a soybean pathogen.
Gut microbiome differences between wild and captive black rhinoceros - implications for rhino health.
Reduced response diversity does not negatively impact wheat climate resilience.
Efficient production of glycyrrhetinic acid in metabolically engineered Saccharomyces cerevisiae via an integrated strategy.
The Dark Matter of Large Cereal Genomes: Long Tandem Repeats.
Anti-inflammatory and antiproliferative compounds from Sphaeranthus africanus.
Potential roles of melatonin and sulfur in alleviation of lanthanum toxicity in tomato seedlings.
Lignans and Neolignans: Plant secondary metabolites as a reservoir of biologically active substances.
Discovering cryptic species in the Aspiciliella intermutans complex (Megasporaceae, Ascomycota) - First results using gene concatenation and coalescent-based species tree approaches.
A new genus, Zhurbenkoa, and a novel nutritional mode revealed in the family Malmideaceae (Lecanoromycetes, Ascomycota).
Glucopyranosylidene-spiro-benzo[ b][1,4]oxazinones and -benzo[ b][1,4]thiazinones: Synthesis and Investigation of Their Effects on Glycogen Phosphorylase and Plant Growth Inhibition.
Effect of Major Tea Insect Attack on Formation of Quality-Related Nonvolatile Specialized Metabolites in Tea ( Camellia sinensis) Leaves.
Arabidopsis Class I Formin FH1 Relocates between Membrane Compartments during Root Cell Ontogeny and Associates with Plasmodesmata.
Generation of Yellow Flowers of the Japanese Morning Glory by Engineering Its Flavonoid Biosynthetic Pathway toward Aurones.
Potential links between wood-inhabiting and soil fungal communities: Evidence from high-throughput sequencing.
Crude polysaccharide from a wild mushroom enhances immune response in murine macrophage cells by TLR/NF-kappaB pathway.
Cadmium immobilization and alleviation of its toxicity for soybean grown in a clay loam contaminated soil using sugarcane bagasse-derived biochar.
Convergence in Maximum Stomatal Conductance of C3 Woody Angiosperms in Natural Ecosystems Across Bioclimatic Zones.
Harnessing Genome Editing Techniques to Engineer Disease Resistance in Plants.
Exploring the Relationships Between Yield and Yield-Related Traits for Rice Varieties Released in China From 1978 to 2017.
Phylogenetic Revision of Savoryellaceae and Evidence for Its Ranking as a Subclass.
Molecular characterization of CHAD domains as inorganic polyphosphate-binding modules.
Betulinic acid lowers lipid accumulation in adipocytes through enhanced NCoA1-PPARgamma interaction.
Cytotoxicity of cucurbitacin E from Citrullus colocynthis against multidrug-resistant cancer cells.
Direct immobilization and recovery of recombinant proteins from cell lysates by using EctP1-peptide as a short fusion tag for silica and titania supports.
Molecular and electrophysiological characterization of anion transport in Arabidopsis thaliana pollen reveals regulatory roles for pH, Ca2+ and GABA.
Insights into the mode of flavin mononucleotide binding and catalytic mechanism of bacterial chromate reductases: A molecular dynamics simulation study.
Phylogeny Best Explains Latitudinal Patterns of Xylem Tissue Fractions for Woody Angiosperm Species Across China.
Vegetation on mesic loamy and sandy soils along a 1700-km maritime Eurasia Arctic Transect.
A new record of Ganodermatropicum (Basidiomycota, Polyporales) for Thailand and first assessment of optimum conditions for mycelia production.
Myrmarachnine jumping spiders of the new subtribe Levieina from Papua New Guinea (Araneae, Salticidae, Myrmarachnini).
Parvifoline AA Promotes Susceptibility of Hepatocarcinoma to Natural Killer Cell-Mediated Cytolysis by Targeting Peroxiredoxin.
Night illumination using monochromatic light-emitting diodes for enhanced microalgal growth and biodiesel production.
Monochromatic lights-induced trends in antioxidant and antidiabetic polyphenol accumulation in in vitro callus cultures of Lepidium sativum L.
Synthesis, biological evaluation and computational study of novel isoniazid containing 4H-Pyrimido[2,1-b]benzothiazoles derivatives.
Salicylic acid enhances nickel stress tolerance by up-regulating antioxidant defense and glyoxalase systems in mustard plants.
Proteomic fingerprinting for the fast and accurate identification of species in the Polyporoid and Hymenochaetoid fungi clades.
Mutual interplay of Ca2+ and ROS signaling in plant immune response.
Alkaloid chemodiversity in Mandragora spp. is associated with loss-of-functionality of MoH6H, a hyoscyamine 6beta-hydroxylase gene.
A novel approach for real-time monitoring of leaf wounding responses demonstrates unprecedently fast and high emissions of volatiles from cut leaves.
Numerous cold arousals and rare arousal cascades as a hibernation strategy in European Myotis bats.
Supplementation with plant growth promoting rhizobacteria (PGPR) alleviates cadmium toxicity in Solanum lycopersicum by modulating the expression of secondary metabolites.
mTERF5 Acts as a Transcriptional Pausing Factor to Positively Regulate Transcription of Chloroplast psbEFLJ.
Dominance effects strengthen premating hybridization barriers between sympatric species of grasshoppers (Acrididae, Orthoptera).
Living the high life: Could gut microbiota matter for adaptation to high altitude?
Phylogenomic Relationships of Diploids and the Origins of Allotetraploids in Dactylorhiza (Orchidaceae).
RNA-seq-based selection of reference genes for RT-qPCR analysis of pitaya.
CLE25 peptide regulates phloem initiation in Arabidopsis through a CLERK-CLV2 receptor complex.
Replacement of stacked transgenes in planta.
Tissue-specific and maturity-dependent distribution of pyridine alkaloids in Areca triandra.
Metal Contamination in Seven Tributaries of the Ganga River and Assessment of Human Health Risk from Fish Consumption.
Characterization of the nucellus-specific dehydrin MdoDHN11 demonstrates its involvement in the tolerance to water deficit.
GABA (gamma-aminobutyric acid), as a thermo-protectant, to improve the reproductive function of heat-stressed mungbean plants.
Use of herbal medicines: Pilot survey of UK users \'  views.
Herbal medicines for suppressing appetite: A systematic review of randomized clinical trials.
Effect of vitamin E on severity and duration of cyclic mastalgia: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Taxonomic update of Clitocybula sensu lato with a new generic classification.
Ethnobotanical study of medicinal plants in the Hawassa Zuria District, Sidama zone, Southern Ethiopia.
Mesoporous electromagnetic composite particles: Electric current responsive release of biologically active molecules and antibacterial properties.
Hydrogen peroxide modulate photosynthesis and antioxidant systems in tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) plants under copper stress.
Inner Mongolian grassland plant phenological changes and their climatic drivers.
Enhanced nitric oxide generation mitigates cadmium toxicity via superoxide scavenging leading to the formation of peroxynitrite in barley root tip.
Hepatoprotective efficacy of Premna integrifolia L. leaves against aflatoxin B1-induced toxicity in mice.
Synthesis of 2-(2-oxo-2H-chromen-4-yl)acetamides as potent acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and molecular insights into binding interactions.
Elucidation of ( Z)-3-Hexenyl-beta-glucopyranoside Enhancement Mechanism under Stresses from the Oolong Tea Manufacturing Process.
Herbal medicines and pregnancy: A narrative review and anaesthetic considerations.
Hybrid breeding of rice via genomic selection.
Mechanisms for minimizing height-related stomatal conductance declines in tall vines.
Differences in flowering time maintain species boundaries in a continental radiation of Viburnum.
Anti-inflammatory and Cytotoxic Triterpenes from the Rot Roots of Panax notoginseng.
OXI1 and DAD Regulate Light-Induced Cell Death Antagonistically through Jasmonate and Salicylate Levels.
Complete Genome Sequence of Enterococcus faecium QU50, a Thermophilic Lactic Acid Bacterium Capable of Metabolizing Xylose.
Using empirical and simulation approaches to quantify merits of rival measures of structural complexity in marine habitats.
Historical ethnopharmacology of the herbalists from Krummhubel in the Sudety Mountains (seventeenth to nineteenth century), Silesia.
Group-1 Grass Pollen Allergens with Near-Identical Sequences Identified in Species of Subtropical Grasses Commonly Found in Southeast Asia.
Leaf Transcriptome Assembly of Protium copal (Burseraceae) and Annotation of Terpene Biosynthetic Genes.
Effects of Different Carbon Sources on Fumonisin Production and FUM Gene Expression by Fusarium proliferatum.
Microcystis Chemotype Diversity in the Alimentary Tract of Bigheaded Carp.
Domino Multicomponent Approach for the Synthesis of Functionalized Spiro-Indeno[1,2-b]quinoxaline Heterocyclic Hybrids and Their Antimicrobial Activity, Synergistic Effect and Molecular Docking Simulation.
Influence of different extraction techniques on the chemical profile and biological properties of Anthemis cotula L.: Multifunctional aspects for potential pharmaceutical applications.
13,27-Cycloursane, ursane and oleanane triterpenoids from the leaves of Lucuma nervosa.
Global pattern and controls of biological nitrogen fixation under nutrient enrichment: A meta-analysis.
Interaction of bZIP transcription factor TGA6 with salicylic acid signaling modulates artemisinin biosynthesis in Artemisia annua.
A Fragmentation Study on Four Oligostilbenes by Electrospray Tandem Mass Spectrometry.
Heracleum sosnowskyi seed development under the effect of exogenous application of GA3.
Chemovariation and antibacterial activity of extracts and isolated compounds from species of Ixora and Greenea (Ixoroideae, Rubiaceae).
Medicinal Plants Traded in Informal Herbal Medicine Markets of the Limpopo Province, South Africa.
MRI assessment of ectopic fat accumulation in pancreas, liver and skeletal muscle in patients with obesity, overweight and normal BMI in correlation with the presence of central obesity and metabolic syndrome.
CRK2 Enhances Salt Tolerance by Regulating Callose Deposition in Connection with PLDalpha1.
Proton-Coupled Electron Transfer of Plastoquinone Redox Reactions in Photosystem II: A Pump-Probe Ultraviolet Resonance Raman Study.
Poly-beta-Hydroxybutyrate Production by the Cyanobacterium Scytonema geitleri Bharadwaja under Varying Environmental Conditions.
Pantoea spp. Associated with Smooth Crabgrass (Digitaria ischaemum) Seed Inhibit Competitor Plant Species.
Renieramycin T Induces Lung Cancer Cell Apoptosis by Targeting Mcl-1 Degradation: A New Insight in the Mechanism of Action.
Towards a Zero-Waste Biorefinery Using Edible Oils as Solvents for the Green Extraction of Volatile and Non-Volatile Bioactive Compounds from Rosemary.
Chromatographic Analysis, Antimicrobial and Insecticidal Activities of the Essential Oil of Phlomis floccosa D. Don.
Plant traits moderate pollen limitation of introduced and native plants: a phylogenetic meta-analysis of global scale.
Appraisal of immediate and late effects of mobile phone radiations at 2100 MHz on mitotic activity and DNA integrity in root meristems of Allium cepa.
NRAMP1 promotes iron uptake at the late stage of iron deficiency in poplars.
Ten years of AoB PLANTS the open access journal for plant scientists: inception and progress since 2009.
Does the Enigmatic Wightia Belong to Paulowniaceae (Lamiales)?
Editorial: Actinobacteria in Special and Extreme Habitats: Diversity, Function Roles and Environmental Adaptations, Second Edition.
Publisher Correction: Contrasting latitudinal patterns in phylogenetic diversity between woody and herbaceous communities.
The natural product antroalbol H promotes phosphorylation of liver kinase B1 (LKB1) at threonine 189 and thereby enhances cellular glucose uptake.
Cryptic speciation in the Chinese white pine (Pinus armandii): Implications for the high species diversity of conifers in the Hengduan Mountains, a global biodiversity hotspot.
Using nuclear loci and allelic variation to disentangle the phylogeny of Phyllostachys (Poaceae, Bambusoideae).
Anti-inflammatory and wound healing effects of gel containing Kaempferia marginata extract.
The B-box protein BBX19 suppresses seed germination via induction of ABI5.
Arahyside A, a new norsesquiterpene from Arachis hypogaea.
In silico evaluation of multispecies toxicity of natural compounds.
Interaction between Silver Nanoparticles and Two Dehydrogenases: Role of Thiol Groups.
The Anthelmintic Effects of Medicinal Plant Extracts Against Paramphistome Parasites, Carmyerius spatiosus.
Development of phloem connection between the parasitic plant Orobanche cumana and its host sunflower.
The legacy of initial sowing after 20 years of ex-arable land colonisation.
Aridity and reduced soil micronutrient availability in global drylands.
Indirect Regeneration and Assessment of Genetic Fidelity of Acclimated Plantlets by SCoT, ISSR, and RAPD Markers in Rauwolfia tetraphylla L.: An Endangered Medicinal Plant.
Pleistocene climate change and phylogeographic structure of the Gymnocarpos przewalskii (Caryophyllaceae) in the northwest China: Evidence from plastid DNA, ITS sequences, and Microsatellite.
Habitat use of the ocelot (Leopardus pardalis) in Brazilian Amazon.
Biogenic Synthesis of Silver Nanoparticles Using Phyllanthus emblica Fruit Extract and Its Inhibitory Action Against the Pathogen Acidovorax oryzae Strain RS-2 of Rice Bacterial Brown Stripe.
Comparative Quantitative Study on Phytochemical Contents and Antioxidant Activities of Capsicum annuum L. and Capsicum frutescens L.
NPR1 Promotes Its Own and Target Gene Expression in Plant Defense by Recruiting CDK8.
Enhanced antibacterial activity of hemocyanin purified from Portunus pelagicus hemolymph combined with silver nanoparticles - Intracellular uptake and mode of action.
Genomic dynamics of full-scale temperature-phased anaerobic digestion treating waste activated sludge: Focusing on temperature differentiation.
Targeted SHP-1 Silencing Modulates the Macrophage Phenotype, Leading to Metabolic Improvement in Dietary Obese Mice.
Effect of ocean acidification on the nutritional quality of marine phytoplankton for copepod reproduction.
Palynological investigation of lactiferous flora (Apocynaceae) of District Rawalpindi, Pakistan, using light and scanning electron microscopy.
Chalcone synthase is ubiquitinated and degraded via interactions with a RING-H2 protein in petals of Paeonia hybrid  \' He Xie \' .
Plant Evolutionary Ecology in the Age of the Extended Evolutionary Synthesis.
The organization of nuclear ribosomal DNA in gnetophytes - physically separate and physically linked arrangements of 35S and 5S genes. A commentary on:  \' Remarkable variation of ribosomal DNA organization and copy number in gnetophytes, a distinct lineage of gymnosperms \' .
Studies of Laboulbeniales on Myrmica ants (IV): host-related diversity and thallus distribution patterns of Rickia wasmannii.
Shared genomic outliers across two divergent population clusters of a highly threatened seagrass.
Homogalacturonan Accumulation in Cell Walls of the Green Alga Zygnema sp. (Charophyta) Increases Desiccation Resistance.
Fruits and Vegetables Versus Vegetables and Fruits: Rhyme and Reason for Word Order in Health Messages.
Asclepiasspeciosa (Apocynaceae, Asclepiadoideae): a rare or unrecognized alien species in Europe?
Community composition and methane oxidation activity of methanotrophs associated with duckweeds in a fresh water lake.
Admixture mapping in interspecific Populus hybrids identifies classes of genomic architectures for phytochemical, morphological and growth traits.
Autophagy and vacuolar biogenesis during the nectary development.
Reproductive performance in generalist haematophagous ectoparasites: maternal environment, rearing conditions or both?
Correlation of metformin with intravenous iodinated contrast media and precautions.
Hepaotoprotective and nephroprotective activities of Pistacia integerrima fruit extract in paracetamol intoxicated male rabbits with effect on blood cells count.
Biochemical traits of Bacillus subtilis MF497446: Its implications on the development of cowpea under cadmium stress and ensuring food safety.
Securing reproductive function in mungbean grown under high temperature environment with exogenous application of proline.
Compound K producing from the enzymatic conversion of gypenoside by naringinase.
Ecological niche modeling as a cumulative environmental impact assessment tool for biodiversity assessment and conservation planning: A case study of critically endangered plant Lagerstroemia minuticarpa in the Indian Eastern Himalaya.
Long-term moss monitoring of atmospheric deposition near a large steelworks reveals the growing importance of local non-industrial sources of pollution.
Tropical Asian Origin, boreotropical migration and long-distance dispersal in Nettles (Urticeae, Urticaceae).
Macleaya cordata extract alleviated oxidative stress and altered innate immune response in mice challenged with enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli.
Natural fumigation as a mechanism for volatile transport between flower organs.
A molecular phylogeny of the genus Drimia (Asparagaceae: Scilloideae: Urgineeae) in India inferred from non-coding chloroplast and nuclear ribosomal DNA sequences.
Dry season soil water potential maps of a 50 hectare tropical forest plot on Barro Colorado Island, Panama.
Nonlinearity of root trait relationships and the root economics spectrum.
Identification of a small-molecule compound that inhibits homodimerization of oncogenic NAC1 protein and sensitizes cancer cells to anticancer agents.
The Microbial Lipopeptide Paenibacterin Disrupts Desiccation Resistance in Salmonella enterica Serovars Tennessee and Eimsbuettel.
Concentration of Selected Elements in the Infrapatellar Fat Pad of Patients with a History of Total Knee Arthroplasty.
The Adaptive Mechanism of Plants to Iron Deficiency via Iron Uptake, Transport, and Homeostasis.
Lusianthridin targeting of lung cancer stem cells via Src-STAT3 suppression.
Sand burial helps regulate timing of seed germination of a dominant herb in an inland dune ecosystem with a semiarid temperate climate.
Preincubation and vermicomposting of divergent biosolids exhibit vice versa multielements stoichiometry and earthworm physiology.
Structural characterization and immunostimulatory activity of a novel polysaccharide from green alga Caulerpa racemosa var peltata.
Sharpening species boundaries in the Micarea prasina group, with a new circumscription of the type species M. prasina.
Determination of sex by jasmonate.
Subscribing to Specimens, Cataloging Subscribed Specimens, and Assembling the First Phytogeographical Survey in the United States.
Analysis of an improved Cyanophora paradoxa genome assembly.
TPX2-LIKE PROTEIN3 Is the Primary Activator of alpha-Aurora Kinases and Is Essential for Embryogenesis.
Casein kinase 1 family regulates PRR5 and TOC1 in the Arabidopsis circadian clock.
The Morphological Features and Biology of a Relict and Endangered Woody Plant Species: Chamaedaphne calyculata (L.) Moench (Ericaceae).
The Triple Amino Acid Substitution TAP-IVS in the EPSPS Gene Confers High Glyphosate Resistance to the Superweed Amaranthus hybridus.
Climate and land use changes will degrade the distribution of Rhododendrons in China.
Phosphorus and nitrogen losses from temperate permanent grassland on clay-loam soil after the installation of artificial mole and gravel mole drainage.
Phenylpropanoid glycosides from the fruit of Lycium barbarum L. and their bioactivity.
Habitat quality and disturbance drive lichen species richness in a temperate biodiversity hotspot.
Mycoremediation of azole antifungal agents using in vitro cultures of Lentinula edodes.
Antibacterial and anti-adhesive efficiency of Pediococcus acidilactici against foodborne biofilm producer Bacillus cereus attached on different food processing surfaces.
The Use of Medicinal Plants in the Riverside Community of the Mazagao River in the Brazilian Amazon, Amapa, Brazil: Ethnobotanical and Ethnopharmacological Studies.
Limited capacity of tree growth to mitigate the global greenhouse effect under predicted warming.
Hepatoprotective Effect of Seed Coat ofEuryale ferox Extract in Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Induced by High-fat Diet in Mice by Increasing IRs-1 and Inhibiting CYP2E1.
Wheat seed ageing viewed through the cellular redox environment and changes in pH.
Cucurbits Plants: A Key Emphasis to Its Pharmacological Potential.
Profiling the Bacterial Diversity in a Typical Karst Tiankeng of China.
beta-Thujone and Its Derivatives Modify the Probing Behavior of the Peach Potato Aphid.
Comparative analysis of abscisic acid levels and expression of abscisic acid-related genes in Scots pine and Norway spruce seedlings under water deficit.
A special issue to mark the 90th Anniversary of College of Life Sciences, Zhejiang University.
Pathogens manipulate the preference of vectors, slowing disease spread in a multi-host system.
Apoplastic barriers, aquaporin gene expression and root and cell hydraulic conductivity in phosphate-limited sheepgrass plants.
Correction to: Utilization of atmospheric solids analysis probe mass spectrometry for analysis of fatty acids on seed surface.
Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV): Infection, Immunological Response, and Vaccine Development.
Early maturing Bt cotton requires more potassium fertilizer under water deficiency to augment seed-cotton yield but not lint quality.
Origin of spontaneous mutations in maize has been hiding in plain sight.
Cytogenetic and molecular genotyping in the allotetraploid Festuca pratensis x Lolium perenne hybrids.
Techno-economic and environmental approaches of Cd2+ adsorption by olive leaves (Olea europaea L.) waste.
Development of monoclonal antibody-based enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for quantitative quality control of Derris scandens (Roxb.) Benth.
[Soil Organic Carbon Distribution and Components in Different Plant Communities Along a Water Table Gradient in the Huixian Karst Wetland in Guilin].
[Status of Antibiotic Contamination and Ecological Risks Assessment of Several Typical Chinese Surface-Water Environments].
Taxonomic importance of spore morphology in Thelypteridaceae from Northern Pakistan.
Cold-tolerant endoglucanase producing ability of Mrakia robertii A2-3 isolated from cryoconites, Hamtha glacier, Himalaya.
Biomarkers for grain yield stability in rice under drought stress.
Role of Autophagy-Related Gene atg22 in Developmental Process and Virulence of Fusarium oxysporum.
Response of Microbial Communities and Their Metabolic Functions to Drying-Rewetting Stress in a Temperate Forest Soil.
Transcriptomic Analysis Reveals a Comprehensive Calcium- and Phytohormone-Dominated Signaling Response in Leymus chinensis Self-Incompatibility.
Long-range mobile signals mediate seasonal control of shoot growth.
Rates of niche and phenotype evolution lag behind diversification in a temperate radiation.
Torrefaction of herbal medicine wastes: Characterization of the physicochemical properties and combustion behaviors.
Insights on acetate-ethanol fermentation by hydrogen-producing Ethanoligenens under acetic acid accumulation based on quantitative proteomics.
Hepatoprotective steroids from roots of Cynanchum otophyllum.
Anti-hyperalgesic and anti-inflammatory effects of citral with beta-cyclodextrin and hydroxypropyl-beta-cyclodextrin inclusion complexes in animal models.
Tanshinone production could be increased by the expression of SmWRKY2 in Salvia miltiorrhiza hairy roots.
A new highly oxygenated abietane diterpenoid and a new lysosome generating phorbol ester from the roots of Euphorbia fischeriana Steud.
RA-XII Suppresses the Development and Growth of Liver Cancer by Inhibition of Lipogenesis via SCAP-dependent SREBP Supression.
Tubulin Acetylation Mediates Bisphenol A Effects on the Microtubule Arrays of Allium cepa and Triticum turgidum.
Involvement of BIG5 and BIG3 in BRI1 Trafficking Reveals Diverse Functions of BIG-subfamily ARF-GEFs in Plant Growth and Gravitropism.
Heavy-metal tolerance of photobiont in pioneer lichens inhabiting heavily polluted sites.
New 4,5-seco-20(10 5)-abeo-Abietane Diterpenoids with Anti-Inflammatory Activity from Isodon lophanthoides var. graciliflorus (Benth.) H.Hara.
Sequential horizontal gene transfers from different hosts in a widespread Eurasian parasitic plant, Cynomorium coccineum.
Comparison of Different Trap Designs for Capture of Noctuid Moths (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) With Pheromone and Floral Odor Attractants.
Proximate and elemental composition of leaf, corm, root and peel of Hypoxis hemerocallidea: A Southern African multipurpose medicinal plant.
In vitro antimicrobial activity and phytochemical analysis of different solvent extracted samples from medicinally important Litsea glutinosa.
A role for SPEECHLESS in the integration of leaf stomatal patterning with the growth vs disease trade-off in poplar.
A Coordinate Descent Approach for Sparse Bayesian Learning in High Dimensional QTL Mapping and Genome-wide Association Studies.
Diosgenin and Its Fenugreek Based Biological Matrix Affect Insulin Resistance and Anabolic Hormones in a Rat Based Insulin Resistance Model.
Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress as Indicators of Fungi Environmental Pollution in Balb/c Albino Mice Monitored from South West, Nigeria.
Three Genes Define a Bacterial-Like Arsenic Tolerance Mechanism in the Arsenic Hyperaccumulating Fern Pteris vittata.
Impact of antimycin A and myxothiazol on cadmium-induced superoxide, hydrogen peroxide, and nitric oxide generation in barley root tip.
Structure based pharmacophore study to identify possible natural selective PARP-1 trapper as anti-cancer agent.
Genomic dissection and transcriptional profiling of Cysteine-rich receptor-like kinases in five cereals and functional characterization of TaCRK68-A.
Prp8 in a Reduced Spliceosome Lacks a Conserved Toggle that Correlates with Splicing Complexity across Diverse Taxa.
The nitric oxide suppressed Arabidopsis mutants- Atnoa1 and Atnia1nia2noa1-2 produce nitric oxide in MS growth medium and on uranium exposure.
Silicon nanoparticles enhanced the growth and reduced the cadmium accumulation in grains of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Toxicity of nanosilver and fumonisin B1 and their interactions on duckweed (Lemna minor L.).
Near-ground effect of height on pollen exposure.
Monoaminergic system is implicated in the antidepressant-like effect of hyperoside and protocatechuic acid isolated from Impatiens glandulifera Royle in mice.
Phylogenomic analysis reveals multiple evolutionary origins of selfing from outcrossing in a lineage of heterostylous plants.
The Legacy of Sexual Ancestors in Phenotypic Variability, Gene Expression, and Homoeolog Regulation of Asexual Hybrids and Polyploids.
Melatonin attenuates palmitic acid-induced mouse granulosa cells apoptosis via endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Decolorization and biotransformation pathway of textile dye by Cylindrocephalum aurelium.
Primary wall cellulose synthase regulates shoot apical meristem mechanics and growth.
Simultaneous mitigation of aluminum, salinity and drought stress in Lactuca sativa growth via formulated plant growth promoting Rhodotorula mucilaginosa CAM4.
Phylogenomic analyses reveal an exceptionally high number of evolutionary shifts in a florally diverse clade of African legumes.
Dwelling in the deep - strongly increased root growth and rooting depth enhance plant interactions with thawing permafrost soil.
Sanguina nivaloides and Sanguina aurantia gen. et spp. nov. (Chlorophyta): the taxonomy, phylogeny, biogeography and ecology of two newly recognised algae causing red and orange snow.
Genome invasion by a hypomethylated satellite repeat in Australian crucifer Ballantinia antipoda.
New Amides and Phenylpropanoid Glucosides from the Fruits of Piper retrofractum.
Diverse Polyphenols from Hypericum faberi.
Karst dolines provide diverse microhabitats for different functional groups in multiple phyla.
Prediction and characterisation of lantibiotic structures with molecular modelling and molecular dynamics simulations.
Endosidin2-14 Targets the Exocyst Complex in Plants and Fungal Pathogens to Inhibit Exocytosis.
From medicinal plant to noxious weed: Bryonia alba L. (Cucurbitaceae) in northern and eastern Europe.
Interactions between 14 Elements in the Human Placenta, Fetal Membrane and Umbilical Cord.
Cytotoxic phenolic constituents from Hypericum japonicum.
Oxidized glycerophosphatidylcholines in diabetes through non-targeted metabolomics: Their annotation and biological meaning.
Allopolyploid origin and genome differentiation of the parasitic species Cuscuta veatchii (Convolvulaceae) revealed by genomic in situ hybridization.
Functions of mountain pine beetle cytochromes P450 CYP6DJ1, CYP6BW1 and CYP6BW3 in the oxidation of pine monoterpenes and diterpene resin acids.
The occurrence of red and yellow autumn leaves explained by regional differences in insolation and temperature.
Electrical resistivity tomography: patterns in Betula pendula, Fagus sylvatica, Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris.
Efficient Multivariate Analysis Algorithms for Longitudinal Genome-wide Association Studies.
Characterization of Tomato Necrotic Spot Virus, a Subgroup 1 Ilarvirus Causing Necrotic Foliar, Stem, and Fruit Symptoms in Tomatoes in the United States.
Effectiveness of management zoning designed for flagship species in protecting sympatric species.
Precursor-feeding and altered-growth conditions reveal novel blue pigment production by Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus JA2.
Transcriptomic analysis of interstock-induced dwarfism in Sweet Persimmon (Diospyros kaki Thunb.).
Review of traditional uses, botany, chemistry, pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology of Radix Cyathulae.
The Emergence of a Mobile Signal for Systemic Acquired Resistance.
Medicinal plant species used by local communities around Queen Elizabeth National Park, Maramagambo Central Forest Reserve and Ihimbo Central Forest Reserve, South western Uganda.
John Mackie Christie.
Computational identification of miRNA and their cross kingdom targets from expressed sequence tags of Ocimum basilicum.
Body size variation of the ant Lasius niger along a metal pollution gradient.
Chemical Constituents from Ethanoic Extracts of the Aerial Parts of Leea aequata L., a Traditional Folk Medicine of Myanmar.
Production, characterization and antimicrobial activities of bio-pigments by Aquisalibacillus elongatus MB592, Salinicoccus sesuvii MB597, and Halomonas aquamarina MB598 isolated from Khewra Salt Range, Pakistan.
Fabrication of biobeads expressing heavy metal-binding protein for removal of heavy metal from wastewater.
Genome-wide identification and characterization of the metal tolerance protein (MTP) family in grape (Vitis vinifera L.).
Enhancement of vitamin B6 levels in rice expressing Arabidopsis vitamin B6 biosynthesis de novo genes.
The ethylene response factor VaERF092 from Amur grape regulates the transcription factor VaWRKY33, improving cold tolerance.
Crystal structure of the leucine-rich repeat ectodomain of the plant immune receptor kinase SOBIR1.
Building the GreenCut2 suite of proteins to unmask photosynthetic function and regulation.
The morphology and activity of the extrafloral nectaries in Reynoutria x bohemica (Polygonaceae).
Model Choice, Missing Data and Taxon Sampling Impact Phylogenomic Inference of Deep Basidiomycota Relationships.
Surface glycan-binding proteins are essential for cereal beta-glucan utilization by the human gut symbiont Bacteroides ovatus.
Phytochemical screening and evaluation of the antimicrobial and antioxidant activities of Ferula caspica M. Bieb. extracts.
Origin of angiosperms and the puzzle of the Jurassic gap.
Effects of Pre-Anthesis Drought, Heat and Their Combination on the Growth, Yield and Physiology of diverse Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) Genotypes Varying in Sensitivity to Heat and drought stress.
Elemental Characterization of Medicinal Plants and Soils from Hazarganji Chiltan National Park and Nearby Unprotected Areas of Balochistan, Pakistan.
HY5 Interacts with the Histone Deacetylase HDA15 to Repress Hypocotyl Cell Elongation in Photomorphogenesis.
The Protein Modifications of O-GlcNAcylation and Phosphorylation Mediate Vernalization Response for Flowering in Winter Wheat.
Insight into mechanisms of multiple stresses tolerance in a halophyte Aster tripolium subjected to salinity and heavy metal stress.
Invasion of Rosa rugosa induced changes in soil nutrients and microbial communities of coastal sand dunes.
Mining and characterization of novel EST-SSR markers of Parrotia subaequalis (Hamamelidaceae) from the first Illumina-based transcriptome datasets.
Evolution of organellar genes of chlorophyte algae: Relevance to phylogenetic inference.
Genetic and phenotypic analyses indicate that resistance to flooding stress is uncoupled from performance in cultivated sunflower.
Characterization and Rapid Gene-Mapping of Leaf Lesion Mimic Phenotype of spl-1 Mutant in Soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.).
Ethnobotanical Study of Medicinal Plants Used in Central Macedonia, Greece.
A Nodulation-Proficient Nonrhizobial Inhabitant of Pueraria phaseoloides.
Transcriptome analysis reveals novel enzymes for apo-carotenoid biosynthesis in saffron and allows construction for crocetin synthesis in yeast.
Molecular phylogeny and evolution of phenotype in silica-scaled chrysophyte genus Mallomonas.
Canopy water status and photosynthesis of tropical trees are associated with trunk sapwood hydraulic properties.
Pharmacokinetics and safety evaluation in healthy Chinese volunteers of alkaloids from leaf of Alstonia scholaris: A multiple doses phase I clinical trial.
Evaluation of the antiulcer activity of the aqueous stem bark extract of Balanites aegyptiaca L Delile in Wistar rats.
Medicinal plants in homegardens of four ethnic groups in Thailand.
Visualized analysis of within-tissue spatial distribution of specialized metabolites in tea (Camellia sinensis) using desorption electrospray ionization imaging mass spectrometry.
Plant species identity and soil characteristics determine rhizosphere soil bacteria community composition in European temperate forests.
Social-ecological alignment and ecological conditions in coral reefs.
Chemical Composition of East Asian Invasive Knotweeds, their Cytotoxicity and Antimicrobial Efficacy Against Cariogenic Pathogens: An In-Vitro Study.
Antibacterial activity of carbon nanoparticles isolated from chimney soot.
Green synthesis and evaluation of silver nanoparticles for antimicrobial and biochemical profiling in Kinnow (Citrus reticulata L.) to enhance fruit quality and productivity under biotic stress.
Evidence for a sexually selected function of the attachment system in bedbugs Cimex lectularius (Heteroptera, Cimicidae).
The Relationship between the HLA-G Polymorphism and sHLA-G Levels in Parental Pairs with High-Risk Pregnancy.
Assessment of AgNPs exposure on physiological and biochemical changes and antioxidative defence system in wheat (Triticum aestivum L) under heat stress.
Zinc finger protein transcription factors: Integrated line of action for plant antimicrobial activity.
Abscisic acid signalling mediates biomass trade-off and allocation in poplar.
Biomass and nitrogen distribution ratios reveal a reduced root investment in temperate lianas vs. self-supporting plants.
Outdoor cultivation of the green microalga Chlorella vulgaris under stress conditions as a feedstock for biofuel.
Nanoencapsulated methyl salicylate as a biorational alternative of synthetic antifungal and aflatoxin B1 suppressive agents.
The genomes of pecan and Chinese hickory provide insights into Carya evolution and nut nutrition.
Identification and Expression Analysis of Snf2 Family Proteins in Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum).
Bioethanol production with carboxymethylcellulase of Pseudomonas poae using castor bean (Ricinus communis L.) cake.
Assemblage of pollinator communities in four widely isolated nature reserves of southern Punjab, Pakistan.
Role of calcium in AMF-mediated alleviation of the adverse impacts of cadmium stress in Bassia indica [Wight] A.J. Scott.
Mitochondrial dysfunction mediated apoptosis of HT-29 cells through CS-PAC-AgNPs and investigation of genotoxic effects in zebra (Danio rerio) fish model for drug delivery.
Chemical profiling of Streptomyces sp. Al-Dhabi-2 recovered from an extreme environment in Saudi Arabia as a novel drug source for medical and industrial applications.
Microalgae metabolites: A rich source for food and medicine.
Cytotoxic, larvicidal, nematicidal, and antifeedant activities of piperidin-connected 2-thioxoimidazolidin-4-one derivatives.
The genus Castanediella.
Tracheophyte of Xiao Hinggan Ling in China: an updated checklist.
Taxonomic studies of pteridophytes of Ambon and Seram (Moluccas) collected on Indonesian-Japanese botanical expeditions 1983-1986. XIII. Hymenophyllaceae.
Molecular evidence for cryptic species in the common slug eating snake Duberrialutrixlutrix (Squamata, Lamprophiidae) from South Africa.
Combination of nejayote and swine wastewater as a medium for Arthrospira maxima and Chlorella vulgaris production and wastewater treatment.
Poison Ivy, Oak, and Sumac Dermatitis: What Is Known and What Is New?
Evaluation of heavy metal-induced responses in Silene vulgaris ecotypes.
Parallel functional differentiation of an invasive annual plant on two continents.
Hemoglobin as a probe for estimation of nitric oxide emission from plant tissues.
Hybridization speeds adaptive evolution in an eight-year field experiment.
A molecular and genomic reference system for conifer defence against insects.
Prenylated Acylphloroglucinols from Hypericum faberi.
Isolation and Characterization of Plant Metabolite Signals that Induce Type III Secretion by the Plant Pathogen Pseudomonas syringae.
Development of polymorphic microsatellite markers for tree peony Paeonia delavayi (Paeoniaceae) using ddRAD-seq data.
Development of ten microsatellite markers for Alibertia edulis (Rubiaceae), a Brazilian savanna tree species.
Editorial.
Exploring the genetic diversity within traditional Philippine pigmented Rice.
Calcium-Promoted Interaction between the C2-Domain Protein EHB1 and Metal Transporter IRT1 Inhibits Arabidopsis Iron Acquisition.
High arsenic contamination and presence of other trace metals in drinking water of Kushtia district, Bangladesh.
A role for the auxin precursor anthranilic acid in root gravitropism via regulation of PIN-FORMED protein polarity and relocalisation in Arabidopsis.
Arabidopsis histone H3K4 demethylase JMJ17 functions in dehydration stress response.
Horisfieldones A and B, Two Aromatic Ring-Contracted Dimeric Diarylpropanes with Human DOPA Decarboxylase Inhibitory Activity from Horsfieldia kingii.
35 Cl NQR frequency and spin lattice relaxation study in 3,4-dichloronitrobenzene as a function of temperature and pressure.
Statistics of Mendelian segregation-A mixture model.
Enzymatic degradation of the antibiotic sulfamethazine by using crude extracts of different halophytic plants.
Chemical Constituents from Mentha haplocalyx Briq. (Mentha canadensis L.) and Their alpha-Glucosidase Inhibitory Activities.
A novel gibberellin promotes seedling establishment.
Disentangling the abundance-impact relationship for invasive species.
The SMC5/6 Complex Subunit NSE4A Is Involved in DNA Damage Repair and Seed Development.
Estimation of vegetation water content using hyperspectral vegetation indices: a comparison of crop water indicators in response to water stress treatments for summer maize.
Crop Improvement Through Temperature Resilience.
Biosafety assessment of graphene nanosheets on leaf ultrastructure, physiological and yield traits of Capsicum annuum L. and Solanum melongena L.
A novel Ca2+-binding protein influences photosynthetic electron transport in Anabaena sp. PCC 7120.
Pollenkitt of some monocotyledons: lipid composition and implications for pollen germination.
Contributions of day length, temperature and individual variability on the rate and timing of leaf senescence in the common lilac Syringa vulgaris.
Short-Term Effects of Sublethal Doses of Nematicides on Meloidogyne incognita.
Codelivery of DOX and siRNA by folate-biotin-quaternized starch nanoparticles for promoting synergistic suppression of human lung cancer cells.
Identification and characterization of a novel stay-green QTL that increases yield in maize.
Fire effects on tree physiology.
Misleading conclusions from exogenous ABA application: a cautionary tale about the evolution of stomatal responses to changes in leaf water status.
An aerobic eukaryotic parasite with functional mitochondria that likely lacks a mitochondrial genome.
De Novo Iron Oxide Hydroxide, Ferrihydrite Produced by Comamonas testosteroni Exhibiting Intrinsic Peroxidase-Like Activity and Their Analytical Applications.
Emerging infectious diseases and biological invasions: a call for a One Health collaboration in science and management.
Evolutionary origin of a periodical mass-flowering plant.
Mitigation of Salinity Stress in Plants by Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Symbiosis: Current Understanding and New Challenges.
Early Brassica Crops Responses to Salinity Stress: A Comparative Analysis Between Chinese Cabbage, White Cabbage, and Kale.
Arabinogalactan Proteins and the Extracellular Matrix of Charophytes: A Sticky Business.
Vermicompost Supply Modifies Chemical Composition and Improves Nutritive and Medicinal Properties of Date Palm Fruits From Saudi Arabia.
Molecular Mechanism of Antibiotic Resistance: The Untouched Area of Future Hope.
Detection of Wolbachia Phage (WO) in Indian Lac Insect [Kerria lacca (Kerr.)] and Its Implications.
Sesquiterpenoids from the roots and rhizomes of Valeriana amurensis and their effects on NGF-induced neurite outgrowth in PC12 cells.
Involvement of aquaporins on nitrogen-acquisition strategies of juvenile and adult plants of an epiphytic tank-forming bromeliad.
Microalgae harvest influences the energy recovery: A case study on chemical flocculation of Scenedesmus obliquus for biodiesel and crude bio-oil production.
Photosynthetic regulation under fluctuating light in young and mature leaves of the CAM plant Bryophyllum pinnatum.
CuO/C nanocomposite: Synthesis and optimization using sucrose as carbon source and its antifungal activity.
Diversity, knowledge, and valuation of plants used as fermentation starters for traditional glutinous rice wine by Dong communities in Southeast Guizhou, China.
Early consequences of allopolyploidy alter floral evolution in Nicotiana (Solanaceae).
Induction of tolerance to salinity in wheat genotypes by plant growth promoting endophytes: Involvement of ACC deaminase and antioxidant enzymes.
Interplaying roles of silicon and proline effectively improve salt and cadmium stress tolerance in Phaseolus vulgaris plant.
Human health risk assessment: Study of a population exposed to fluoride through groundwater of Agra city, India.
Two New C21 Steroidal Glycosides from the Roots of Cynanchum paniculatum.
Distinct arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal communities associate with different manioc landraces and Amazonian soils.
Land use change: A key ecological disturbance declines soil microbial biomass in dry tropical uplands.
Association of candidate genes with drought tolerance traits in zoysiagrass germplasm.
Castasterone attenuates insecticide induced phytotoxicity in mustard.
Functional differences stabilize beetle communities by weakening interspecific temporal synchrony.
Preparation of a highly specific single chain variable fragment antibody targeting miroestrol and its application in quality control of Pueraria candollei by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
The impact of five environmental factors on species distribution and weed community structure in the coastal farmland and adjacent territories in the northwest delta region, Egypt.
Utilizing herbarium specimens to quantify historical mycorrhizal communities.
Cloning and characterization of a tyrosine decarboxylase involved in the biosynthesis of galanthamine in Lycoris aurea.
Effects of combined high pressure and enzymatic treatments on physicochemical and antioxidant properties of peanut proteins.
Genome-Wide Identification and Characterization of Salvia miltiorrhiza Laccases Reveal Potential Targets for Salvianolic Acid B Biosynthesis.
Molecular Authentication of the Medicinal Species of Ligusticum (Ligustici Rhizoma et Radix, "Gao-ben") by Integrating Non-coding Internal Transcribed Spacer 2 (ITS2) and Its Secondary Structure.
The SPB-Box Transcription Factor AaSPL2 Positively Regulates Artemisinin Biosynthesis in Artemisia annua L.
Identification, Structural and Functional Characterization of Dormancy Regulator Genes in Apricot (Prunus armeniaca L.).
Phytohormone and Chromatin Crosstalk: The Missing Link For Developmental Plasticity?
Biologically Active Ajuga Species Extracts Modulate Supportive Processes for Cancer Cell Development.
Mechanism of Cell Wall Polysaccharides Modification in Harvested  \' Shatangju \'  Mandarin (Citrus reticulate Blanco) Fruit Caused by Penicillium italicum.
Recombinant polyphenol oxidases for production of theaflavins from tea polyphenols.
Enhancing effect of cystamine in its amides with betulinic acid as antimicrobial and antitumor agent in vitro.
Floral adaptations of two lilies: implications for the evolution and pollination ecology of huge trumpet-shaped flowers.
Kenneth Wells, 24 July 1927-19 July 2016.
Place-based management can reduce human impacts on coral reefs in a changing climate.
Arsenate phytoextraction abilities of one-year-old tree species and its effects on the nutritional element content in plant organs.
Enantioselective Catalytic [4+1]-Cyclization of ortho-Hydroxy-para-Quinone Methides with Allenoates.
Effect of Chemically Transformed Macrocyclic Polyene Antibiotics on Tumor Cells.
Chelators induced uptake of cadmium and modulation of water relation, antioxidants, and photosynthetic traits of maize.
A soil bacterium alters sex determination and rhizoid development in gametophytes of the fern Ceratopteris richardii.
Cross-Kingdom Small RNAs Among Animals, Plants and Microbes.
Comparative Phytochemical Profile, Antioxidant, Antimicrobial and In Vivo Anti-Inflammatory Activity of Different Extracts of Traditionally Used Romanian Ajuga genevensis L. and A. reptans L. (Lamiaceae).
Nonlinear effects of increasing nitrogen deposition on rice growth and heavy metal uptake in a red soil ecosystem of southeastern China.
Are we restoring functional fens? - The outcomes of restoration projects in fens re-analysed with plant functional traits.
The genome of cowpea (Vigna unguiculata [L.] Walp.).
Cd2+ influences metabolism and elemental distribution in roots of Acanthus ilicifolius L.
Chronic exposure to 35% carbamide peroxide tooth bleaching agent induces histological and hematological alterations, oxidative stress, and inflammation in mice.
Multiferroic ABO3 Transition Metal Oxides: a Rare Interaction of Ferroelectricity and Magnetism.
Production of polyextremotolerant laccase by Achromobacter xylosoxidans HWN16 and Citrobacter freundii LLJ16.
Increased snowfall weakens complementarity of summer water use by different plant functional groups.
Genome streamlining via complete loss of introns has occurred multiple times in lichenized fungal mitochondria.
Is the incidence of survival in interior Pleistocene refugia (nunataks) underestimated? Phylogeography of the high mountain plant Androsace alpina (Primulaceae) in the European Alps revisited.
Upward elevation and northwest range shifts for alpine Meconopsis species in the Himalaya-Hengduan Mountains region.
Fine root lignin content is well predictable with near-infrared spectroscopy.
Contrasting latitudinal patterns in phylogenetic diversity between woody and herbaceous communities.
Implementing an EU opt-in mechanism for GM crop cultivation.
Modeling Protein Destiny in Developing Fruit.
Little Evidence of Antagonistic Selection in the Evolutionary Strata of Fungal Mating-Type Chromosomes (Microbotryum lychnidis-dioicae).
Amelioration of allergic asthma by Ziziphora clinopodioides via upregulation of aquaporins and downregulation of IL4 and IL5.
Traditional Knowledge of Edible Wild Plants Used by Indigenous Communities in Zongolica, Mexico.
Request a woman scientist: A database for diversifying the public face of science.
Design, synthesis, and cytotoxic activities of novel hybrids of parthenolide and thiazolidinedione via click chemistry.
A bridge too far in naming species: a total evidence approach does not support recognition of four species in Desertifilum (Cyanobacteria).
Overexpression of VaWRKY12, a transcription factor from Vitis amurensis with increased nuclear localization under low temperature, enhances cold tolerance of plants.
Disruption of endocytosis through chemical inhibition of clathrin heavy chain function.
Braking plant endocytosis.
Wet and dry tropical forests show opposite successional pathways in wood density but converge over time.
Labdane and Abietane Diterpenoids from Juniperus oblonga and Their Cytotoxic Activity.
Flavonoid Analysis and Antioxidant Activities of the Bryonia alba L. Aerial Parts.
Facile conversion of kaolinite into clay nanotubes (KNTs) of enhanced adsorption properties for toxic heavy metals (Zn2+, Cd2+, Pb2+, and Cr6+) from water.
Arabinose biosynthesis is critical for salt stress tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Development of QSAR machine learning-based models to forecast the effect of substances on malignant melanoma cells.
Molecular Identification and Evaluation of Indigenous Bacterial Isolates for Their Plant Growth Promoting and Biological Control Activities against Fusarium Wilt Pathogen of Tomato.
Traditional plant functional groups explain variation in economic but not size-related traits across the tundra biome.
Quorum sensing pathways in Gram-positive and -negative bacteria: potential of their interruption in abating drug resistance.
Accumulation of Lipids and Triglycerides in Isochrysis galbana Under Nutrient Stress.
Assessment of silver nanoparticles decorated starch and commercial zinc nanoparticles with respect to their genotoxicity on onion.
A laboratory based exposure of Microcystis and Oscillatoria cyanobacterial isolates to heterotrophic bacteria.
In silico prediction and characterisation of secondary metabolite clusters in the plant pathogenic fungus Verticillium dahliae.
Inactivation of Listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat smoked turkey meat by combination with packaging atmosphere, oregano essential oil and cold temperature.
Flavonol Biosynthesis Genes and Their Use in Engineering the Plant Antidiabetic Metabolite Montbretin A.
The prevalence and predictors of using herbal medicines among Iranian cancer patients.
Paeoniae Radix-containing herbal medicine for patients with restless legs syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Herbal medicine for post-stroke anxiety: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Review: New sensors and data-driven approaches-A path to next generation phenomics.
Genome-wide association studies of seven agronomic traits under two sowing conditions in bread wheat.
Distribution and Phylogeny of Erythrocytic Necrosis Virus (ENV) in Salmon Suggests Marine Origin.
Phenotypic variations alter the ecological impact of invasive alien species: Lessons from Parthenium hysterophorus.
Mitigating Acetaminophen-Induced Hepatotoxicity by Using a Water-Alcohol Extract of Phellinus caryophylli (Agaricomycetes) in a Murine Model.
Assessing the Bioavailability of Zinc and Indole Compounds from Mycelial Cultures of the Bay Mushroom Imleria badia (Agaricomycetes) Using In Vitro Models.
Pleurotus ostreatus and Laetiporus sulphureus (Agaricomycetes): Possible Agents against Alzheimer and Parkinson Diseases.
Latitudinal variation in soil nematode communities under climate warming-related range-expanding and native plants.
Leptothoe, a new genus of marine cyanobacteria (Synechococcales) and three new species associated with sponges from the Aegean Sea.
Silicon-mediated role of 24-epibrassinolide in wheat under high-temperature stress.
Two New Species of the Genus Candelariella from China and Korea.
Chinese Herbal Complex  \' Bu Shen Jie Du Fang \'  (BSJDF) Modulated Autophagy in an MPP+-Induced Cell Model of Parkinson \' s Disease.
The Structure and Occurrence of a Velum in Utricularia Traps (Lentibulariaceae).
Egg Protein Transferrin-Derived Peptides IRW and IQW Regulate Citrobacter rodentium-Induced, Inflammation-Related Microbial and Metabolomic Profiles.
Regeneration of Phaseolus vulgaris from epicotyls and hypocotyls via direct organogenesis.
Understanding the effect of Pulsed Electric Fields on multilayered solid plant foods: Bunching onions (Allium fistulosum) as a model system.
Changes in pericarp metabolite profiling of four litchi cultivars during browning.
Vanilla bahiana, a contribution from the Atlantic Forest biodiversity for the production of vanilla: A proteomic approach through high-definition nanoLC/MS.
Identification and Characterization of Salt-Responsive MicroRNAs in Vicia faba by High-Throughput Sequencing.
SA and AM symbiosis modulate antioxidant defense mechanisms and asada pathway in chickpea genotypes under salt stress.
Cochliobolus sp. acts as a biochemical modulator to alleviate salinity stress in okra plants.
Comparative transcriptome analysis provides insights into the distinct germination in sheepgrass (Leymus chinensis) during seed development.
The up-regulation of proline synthesis in the meristematic tissues of wheat seedlings upon short-term exposure to osmotic stress.
A brainstorm on the systematics of Turnera (Turneraceae, Malpighiales) caused by insights from molecular phylogenetics and morphological evolution.
New anti-HBV norbisabolane sesquiterpenes from Phyllantus acidus.
Transcriptome analyses of Paris polyphylla var. chinensis, Ypsilandra thibetica, and Polygonatum kingianum characterize their steroidal saponin biosynthesis pathway.
The historical development of pharmacopoeias and the inclusion of exotic herbal drugs with a focus on Europe and Brazil.
Phylogeny of the Australian Solanum dioicum group using seven nuclear genes, with consideration of Symon \' s fruit and seed dispersal hypotheses.
Limitations of transcriptome-based prediction of pathogenicity genes in the plant pathogen Leptosphaeria maculans.
Mineral Elements and Active Ingredients in Root of Wild Paeonia lactiflora Growing at Duolun County, Inner Mongolia.
Demethylation and desulfonation of textile industry dye, Thiazole Yellow G by Aspergillus niger LAG.
Ageing-induced changes in nutritional and anti-nutritional factors in cowpea (Vigna unguiculata L.).
PRRs and NB-LRRs: From Signal Perception to Activation of Plant Innate Immunity.
Different response of bacteria, archaea and fungi to process parameters in nine full-scale anaerobic digesters.
Comparative light and scanning electron microscopy in authentication of adulterated traded medicinal plants.
Useful plants and their relation to archaeological sites in the Serra de Carajas, Brazil.
Aqueous extract of clove inhibits tumor growth by inducing autophagy through AMPK/ULK pathway.
Lipid production from indigenous Greek microalgae: a possible biodiesel source.
Aridity thresholds of soil microbial metabolic indices along a 3,200 km transect across arid and semi-arid regions in Northern China.
Germination characteristics among different sheepgrass (Leymus chinensis) germplasm during the seed development and after-ripening stages.
Reply to Holmes and Duchene, "Can Sequence Phylogenies Safely Infer the Origin of the Global Virome?": Deep Phylogenetic Analysis of RNA Viruses Is Highly Challenging but Not Meaningless.
Estimation of the Allergenic Potential of Urban Trees and Urban Parks: Towards the Healthy Design of Urban Green Spaces of the Future.
Characterization and Dye Decolorization Potential of Two Laccases from the Marine-Derived Fungus Pestalotiopsis sp.
Glucosamine-6-phosphate synthase inhibiting C3-beta-cholesterol tethered spiro heterocyclic conjugates: Synthesis and their insight of DFT and docking study.
Piriformospora indica promotes the growth of the in-vitro-raised Cymbidium aloifolium plantlet and their acclimatization.
[Bushen Huoxue herbal medicine for treating hyperprolactinemia in women: a Meta-analysis].
[Bushen Huoxue herbal medicine in subfertile women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a Meta-analysis].
[Application of DNA metabarcoding technology in identification of Chinese patent medicines].
[Advances in indole alkaloids from traditional Chinese medicine of Uncariae Ramulus Cum Uncis documented in Chinese Pharmacopoeia].
Characterization of the chemical composition of Drimia numidica plant parts using high-resolution mass spectrometry: study of their total phenolic content and antioxidant activity.
Difference in reproductive mode rather than ploidy explains niche differentiation in sympatric sexual and apomictic populations of Potentilla puberula.
Stage-specific transcriptome of Bursaphelenchus xylophilus reveals temporal regulation of effector genes and roles of the dauer-like stages in the lifecycle.
Crystal structure of the pseudoenzyme PDX1.2 in complex with its cognate enzyme PDX1.3: a total eclipse.
LcNAC13 Physically Interacts with LcR1MYB1 to Coregulate Anthocyanin Biosynthesis-Related Genes during Litchi Fruit Ripening.
Micropropagation of Chaenomeles japonica: A Step towards Production of Polyphenol-rich Extracts Showing Antioxidant and Antimicrobial Activities.
Derivatives of the beta-Crinane Amaryllidaceae Alkaloid Haemanthamine as Multi-Target Directed Ligands for Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Accelerated Microbial Reduction of Azo Dye by Using Biochar from Iron-Rich-Biomass Pyrolysis.
Encapsulation in chitosan-based nanomatrix as an efficient green technology to boost the antimicrobial, antioxidant and in situ efficacy of Coriandrum sativum essential oil.
Mutational hotspots of HSP47 and its potential role in cancer and bone-disorders.
Tracking temporal shifts in area, biomes, and pollinators in the radiation of Salvia (sages) across continents: leveraging anchored hybrid enrichment and targeted sequence data.
The plastid genome and its implications in barcoding specific-chemotypes of the medicinal herb Pogostemon cablin in China.
Large leaves in warm, moist environments confer an advantage in seedling light interception efficiency.
Confocal Live Imaging of Shoot Apical Meristems from Different Plant Species.
Ethnomedicinal uses of plants for the treatment of nervous disorders at the herbal markets of Bojnord, North Khorasan Province, Iran.
Eleutherococcus Species Cultivated in Europe: A New Source of Compounds with Antiacetylcholinesterase, Antihyaluronidase, Anti-DPPH, and Cytotoxic Activities.
Editorial: Responses to Climate Change in the Cold Biomes.
Investigating target-site resistance mechanism to the PPO-inhibiting herbicide fomesafen in waterhemp and interspecific hybridization of Amaranthus species using next generation sequencing.
Dysregulation of histone deacetylases in carcinogenesis and tumor progression: a possible link to apoptosis and autophagy.
Use of Herbal Medicine in Digestive Health.
Seed germination, respiratory processes and phosphatidic acid accumulation in Arabidopsis diacylglycerol kinase knockouts - The effect of brassinosteroid, brassinazole and salinity.
Cycloastragenol can negate constitutive STAT3 activation and promote paclitaxel-induced apoptosis in human gastric cancer cells.
A comprehensive kelp phylogeny sheds light on the evolution of an ecosystem.
A cream of herbal mixture to improve melasma.
Integrative roles of nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide in melatonin-induced tolerance of pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) plants to iron deficiency and salt stress alone or in combination.
Effect of low-temperature storage on the content of folate, vitamin B6 , ascorbic acid, chlorogenic acid, tyrosine, and phenylalanine in potatoes.
Cyanobacterial bioactive compound EMTAHDCA recovers splenomegaly, affects protein profile of E. coli and spleen of lymphoma bearing mice.
Interaction of livestock grazing and rainfall manipulation enhances herbaceous species diversity and aboveground biomass in a humid savanna.
The development of a high-density genetic map significantly improves the quality of reference genome assemblies for rose.
Changes in Fungal Communities across a Forest Disturbance Gradient.
Arabidopsis AGC protein kinases IREH1 and IRE3 control root skewing.
Effect of Ultraviolet-C Radiation and Melatonin Stress on Biosynthesis of Antioxidant and Antidiabetic Metabolites Produced in In Vitro Callus Cultures of Lepidium sativum L.
Flavonoid Glycosides from Endemic Bulgarian Astragalus aitosensis (Ivanisch.).
Assessment of environmental gene tags linked with carbohydrate metabolism and chemolithotrophy associated microbial community in River Ganga.
Rapid detection of heavy metal-induced toxicity in water using a fed-batch sulfur-oxidizing bacteria (SOB) bioreactor.
Astrakurkurone, a sesquiterpenoid from wild edible mushroom, targets liver cancer cells by modulating Bcl-2 family proteins.
Four 14(13   12)-Abeolanostane Triterpenoids with 6/6/5/6-Fused Ring System from the Roots of Kadsura coccinea.
Coexisting lacertid lizard species Podarcis siculus and Podarcis melisellensis differ in dopamine brain concentrations.
A Physiological and Genomic Comparison of Nitrosomonas Cluster 6a and 7 Ammonia-Oxidizing Bacteria.
Nutritional composition, mineral content, antioxidant activity and quantitative estimation of water soluble vitamins and phenolics by RP-HPLC in some lesser used wild edible plants.
Data of plant species in permanent plots in a restored coppice-with-standards forest in Northwestern Germany from 1994 to 2013.
The evaluation of sterile solutions of Ilwensisaponin A and C from Verbascum pterocalycinum var. mutense Hub.-Mor. on antiviral, antinociceptive and anti-inflammatory activities.
Evaluation of antimicrobial activity of secondary metabolites of fungi isolated from Sultanate Oman soil.
Shift in soil organic carbon and nitrogen pools in different reclaimed lands following intensive coastal reclamation on the coasts of eastern China.
Rapid plant evolution driven by the interaction of pollination and herbivory.
Allelic Diversity of Acetyl Coenzyme A Carboxylase accD/bccp Genes Implicated in Nuclear-Cytoplasmic Conflict in the Wild and Domesticated Pea (Pisum sp.).
Automatic hierarchy classification in venation networks using directional morphological filtering for hierarchical structure traits extraction.
Global effects of non-native tree species on multiple ecosystem services.
Eutrophication overrides warming as a stressor for a temperate African seagrass (Zostera capensis).
Mark G. Tjoelker.
Genome-wide association study and quantitative trait loci mapping of seed dormancy in common wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
The Trap Architecture of Utricularia multifida and Utricularia westonii (subg. Polypompholyx).
Curcumin: Total-Scale Analysis of the Scientific Literature.
Reviewing historical traditional knowledge for innovative conservation management: A re-evaluation of wetland grazing.
Impact of Ridomil, Bavistin and Agrothoate on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal colonization, biochemical changes and potassium content of cucumber plants.
High throughput DNA extraction of legume root nodules for rhizobial metagenomics.
Breaking down barriers in morning glories.
Adaptation to Plant Communities across the Genome of Arabidopsis thaliana.
The oriental armyworm ( Mythimna separata) feeding induces systemic defence responses within and between maize leaves.
Armet, an aphid effector protein, induces pathogen resistance in plants by promoting the accumulation of salicylic acid.
Investigation of the Biological Activities and Characterization of Bioactive Constituents of Ophiorrhiza rugosa var. prostrata (D.Don) &amp; Mondal Leaves through In Vivo, In Vitro, and In Silico Approaches.
Codon Usage Bias Analysis of Citrus tristeza Virus: Higher Codon Adaptation to Citrus reticulata Host.
The chromatin-remodelling factor PICKLE interacts with CONSTANS to promote flowering in Arabidopsis.
Film-Forming Polymers and Surfactants Reduce Infection and Sporulation of Phytophthora ramorum on Rhododendron.
A new genus and four new species of dactylogyrids (Monogenea), gill parasites of pimelodid catfishes (Siluriformes: Pimelodidae) in South America and the reassignment of Urocleidoides megorchis Mizelle et Kritsky, 1969.
In vitro germination and biochemical profiling of Brassica napus in response to biosynthesised zinc nanoparticles.
Sunlight induced biosynthesis of silver nanoparticle from the bark extract of Amentotaxus assamica D.K. Ferguson and its antibacterial activity against Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus.
Thermal selection as a driver of marine ecological speciation.
The best smellers make the best choosers: mate choice is affected by female chemosensory receptor gene diversity in a mammal.
Biotic predictors complement models of bat and bird responses to climate and tree diversity in European forests.
A global meta-analysis of the ecological impacts of alien species on native amphibians.
Global predictors of alien plant establishment success: combining niche and trait proxies.
Coptidis Rhizoma: a comprehensive review of its traditional uses, botany, phytochemistry, pharmacology and toxicology.
Protocols for miRNA Target Prediction in Plants.
In silico validation of the indigenous knowledge of the herbal medicines among tribal communities in Sathyamangalam wildlife sanctuary, India.
Cytochrome b 5 Is an Obligate Electron Shuttle Protein for Syringyl Lignin Biosynthesis in Arabidopsis.
An RNA Chaperone-Like Protein Plays Critical Roles in Chloroplast mRNA Stability and Translation in Arabidopsis and Maize.
Preparation of flavone di-C-glycoside isomers from Jian-Gu injection (Premna fulva Craib.) using recycling counter-current chromatography.
Neuroanatomy of mud dragons: a comprehensive view of the nervous system in Echinoderes (Kinorhyncha) by confocal laser scanning microscopy.
Comprehensive nuclear proteome of Arabidopsis obtained by sequential extraction.
Structural Characterization of Lignin and Lignin-Carbohydrate Complex (LCC) from Ginkgo Shells (Ginkgo biloba L.) by Comprehensive NMR Spectroscopy.
Bio-mining of Lanthanides from Red Mud by Green Microalgae.
New R-Based Methodology to Optimize the Identification of Root Endophytes against Heterobasidion parviporum.
Polysaccharide-Rich Fractions from Rosa rugosa Thunb.-Composition and Chemopreventive Potential.
In Vitro and In Silico Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitory Activity of Thalictricavine and Canadine and Their Predicted Penetration across the Blood-Brain Barrier.
Plant-GQ: An Integrative Database of G-Quadruplex in Plant.
BtM, a Low-cost Open-source Datalogger to Estimate the Water Content of Nonvascular Cryptogams.
Increased expression diversity buffers the loss of adaptive potential caused by reduction of genetic diversity in new unfavourable environments.
Functional Variation of Plant-Pathogen Interactions: New Concept and Methods for Virulence Data Analyses.
The interplay of landscape composition and configuration: new pathways to manage functional biodiversity and agroecosystem services across Europe.
Genetic homogeneity revealed in micropropagated Bauhinia racemosa Lam. using gene targeted markers CBDP and SCoT.
Assessment of genetic stability in somatic embryo derived plantlets of Pterocarpus marsupium Roxb. using inter-simple sequence repeat analysis.
Genome-wide identification and co-expression network analysis of nuclear factor-Y in barley revealed potential functions in salt stress.
Evaluation of the diversity and phylogenetic implications of NAC transcription factor members of four reference species from the different embryophytic plant groups.
Estimation of nuclear DNA content and its variation among Indian Tea accessions by flow cytometry.
Employing barcoding markers to authenticate selected endangered medicinal plants traded in Indian markets.
Proteomic and physiological assessment of stress sensitive and tolerant variety of tomato treated with brassinosteroids and hydrogen peroxide under low-temperature stress.
Evaluation of Potential Toxic Metals Accumulation in Wheat Irrigated with Wastewater.
Development of Cryopreservation Protocol for Aquilaria malaccensis Lam., a Recalcitrant Seeded Tropical Tree Species.
Effect of flavonoids isolated from Tridax procumbens on the growth and toxin production of Microcystis aeruginos.
Extensive Cryptic Diversity in the Terrestrial Diatom Pinnularia borealis (Bacillariophyceae).
Lithocarols A-F, six tenellone derivatives from the deep-sea derived fungus Phomopsis lithocarpus FS508.
Metagenomic insights into the abundance and composition of resistance genes in aquatic environments: Influence of stratification and geography.
Heterologous expression, purification, immobilization and characterization of recombinant alpha-amylase AmyLa from Laceyella sp. DS3.
An integrated bioaugmentation/electrocoagulation concept for olive mill wastewater management and the reuse in irrigation of biofuel plants: a pilot study.
Geographic variation in reproductive assurance of Clarkia pulchella.
Correction to: Mowing mitigates the negative impacts of N addition on plant species diversity.
Persistent Halogenated Organic Pollutants in Surface Water in a Megacity: Distribution Characteristics and Ecological Risks in Wuhan, China.
Evolution of folate biosynthesis and metabolism across algae and land plant lineages.
Chemo-resistant Gastric Cancer Associated Gene Expression Signature: Bioinformatics Analysis Based on Gene Expression Omnibus.
Spatial identification of transcripts and biological processes in laser micro-dissected sub-regions of waterlogged corn roots with altered expression of phytoglobin.
Liquid assisted pulsed laser ablation synthesized copper oxide nanoparticles (CuO-NPs) and their differential impact on rice seedlings.
A multi-locus phylogeny for the Neotropical Anomospermeae (Menispermaceae): Implications for taxonomy and biogeography.
effectR: An Expandable R Package to Predict Candidate RxLR and CRN Effectors in Oomycetes Using Motif Searches.
Functional diversity and metabolic profile of microbial community of mine soils with different levels of chromium contamination.
The case for embedding researchers in conservation agencies.
A directed learning strategy integrating multiple omic data improves genomic prediction.
Fungal Keratitis Caused by Colletotrichum dematium: Case Study and Review.
Aethionema arabicum: a novel model plant to study the light control of seed germination.
Orphan genes are involved in drought adaptations and ecoclimatic-oriented selections in domesticated cowpea.
Key changes in gene expression identified for different stages of C4 evolution in Alloteropsis semialata.
The protective potential of selected lactic acid bacteria against the most common contaminants in various types of cheese in Egypt.
Structure, spatial dynamics, and stability of novel seed dispersal mutualistic networks in Hawai \' i.
Historical and traditional medical applications of Carlina acaulis L. - A critical ethnopharmacological review.
Comparative in situ ROS mediated killing of bacteria with bulk analogue, Eucalyptus leaf extract (ELE)-capped and bare surface copper oxide nanoparticles.
Development of biotin molecule targeted cancer cell drug delivery of doxorubicin loaded kappa-carrageenan grafted graphene oxide nanocarrier.
Green and cost effective synthesis of silver nanoparticles from endangered medicinal plant Withania coagulans and their potential biomedical properties.
Ethnobotany, Phytochemistry and Traditional Uses of Curcuma spp. and Pharmacological Profile of Two Important Species (C. longa and C. zedoaria): A Review.
Renoprotective phenolic meroterpenoids from the mushroom Ganoderma cochlear.
Plant-microbiome assisted and biochar-amended remediation of heavy metals and polyaromatic compounds   a microcosmic study.
Two Arabidopsis Receptor-like Cytoplasmic Kinases SZE1 and SZE2 Associate with the ZAR1-ZED1 Complex and Are Required for Effector-Triggered Immunity.
Production of bioactive compounds with bactericidal and antioxidant potential by endophytic fungus Alternaria alternata AE1 isolated from Azadirachta indica A. Juss.
Increased population size of fish in a lowland river following restoration of structural habitat.
Gold and silver nanoparticles effects to the earthworm Eisenia fetida - the importance of tissue over soil concentrations.
RNA Isolation and Analysis of LncRNAs from Gametophytes of Maize.
Tetrandrine isolated from Cyclea peltata induces cytotoxicity and apoptosis through ROS and caspase pathways in breast and pancreatic cancer cells.
Underwater sound production varies within not between species in sympatric newts.
A widespread coral-infecting apicomplexan with chlorophyll biosynthesis genes.
Author Correction: A novel perspective on MOL-PCR optimization and MAGPIX analysis of in-house multiplex foodborne pathogens detection assay.
Marine RNA Virus Quasispecies Are Distributed throughout the Oceans.
3,5,7-Substituted Pyrazolo[4,3- d]pyrimidine Inhibitors of Cyclin-Dependent Kinases and Their Evaluation in Lymphoma Models.
Drought and heat stress-related proteins: an update about their functional relevance in imparting stress tolerance in agricultural crops.
IRE1-bZIP60 Pathway Is Required for Nicotiana attenuata Resistance to Fungal Pathogen Alternaria alternata.
Phosphate deficiency induced biofilm formation of Burkholderia on insoluble phosphate granules plays a pivotal role for maximum release of soluble phosphate.
Calibrating the tree of vipers under the fossilized birth-death model.
Resolution of the ordinal phylogeny of mosses using targeted exons from organellar and nuclear genomes.
A case of chronic lead poisoning with herbal-based medication.
Traditional knowledge in semi-rural close to industrial areas: ethnobotanical studies in western Girones (Catalonia, Iberian Peninsula).
Myrosinase: insights on structural, catalytic, regulatory, and environmental interactions.
The Impact of Processing Parameters on the Content of Phenolic Compounds in New Gluten-Free Precooked Buckwheat Pasta.
No need for pipes when the well is dry-a comment on hydraulic failure in trees.
Modeling of xylem vessel occlusion in grapevine.
Draft Genome Sequence of Cold-Tolerant Kurthia gibsonii B83, Isolated from Spinach Leaf.
Assessment of chemically characterized Salvia sclarea L. essential oil and its combination with linalyl acetate as novel plant based antifungal, antiaflatoxigenic and antioxidant agent against herbal drugs contamination and probable mode of action.
Glucosinolates of the only three Brassicales indigenous to French Polynesia.
Toxicological potential of cobalt in forage for ruminants grown in polluted soil: a health risk assessment from trace metal pollution for livestock.
The Unique Evolutionary Trajectory and Dynamic Conformations of DR and IR/DR-Coexisting Plastomes of the Early Vascular Plant Selaginellaceae (Lycophyte).
Toward a large-scale and deep phenological stage annotation of herbarium specimens: Case studies from temperate, tropical, and equatorial floras.
Open-source data reveal how collections-based fungal diversity is sensitive to global change.
Ancestral remnants or peripheral segregates? Phylogenetic relationships of two narrowly endemic Euphrasia species (Orobanchaceae) from the eastern European Alps.
Variability in the Drug Response of M4 Muscarinic Receptor Knockout Mice During Day and Night Time.
Phenotypic plasticity in locomotor performance of a monophyletic group of weevils accords with the warmer is better hypothesis.
Pinstatic Acid Promotes Auxin Transport by Inhibiting PIN Internalization.
Use of complementary and alternative medicine by patients with psoriasis.
Antiproliferative Aspidosperma-Type Monoterpenoid Indole Alkaloids from Bousigonia mekongensis Inhibit Tubulin Polymerization.
Assessment of Ozone Sensitivity in Three Wheat Cultivars Using Ethylenediurea.
Cytosporone B as a Biological Preservative: Purification, Fungicidal Activity and Mechanism of Action against Geotrichum citri-aurantii.
Microbial Population Changes in Decaying Ascophyllum nodosum Result in Macroalgal-Polysaccharide-Degrading Bacteria with Potential Applicability in Enzyme-Assisted Extraction Technologies.
Physicochemical Characteristics and Anticoagulant Activities of the Polysaccharides from Sea Cucumber Pattalus mollis.
Interactive Effects of Light and Melatonin on Biosynthesis of Silymarin and Anti-Inflammatory Potential in Callus Cultures of Silybum marianum (L.) Gaertn.
Precise Structure and Anticoagulant Activity of Fucosylated Glycosaminoglycan from Apostichopus japonicus: Analysis of Its Depolymerized Fragments.
Metagenomes of a Freshwater Charavirus from British Columbia Provide a Window into Ancient Lineages of Viruses.
The Development of a qPCR Assay to Measure Aspergillus flavus Biomass in Maize and the Use of a Biocontrol Strategy to Limit Aflatoxin Production.
Utilization of foliar cuticle morphology for the identification of weedy grasses.
Reduction of cadmium toxicity in wheat through plasma technology.
Biological activity of Echinops spinosus on inhibition of paracetamol-induced renal inflammation.
Identification of Narciclasine as an in Vitro Anti-Inflammatory Component of Cyrtanthus contractus by Correlation-Based Metabolomics.
A Mechanistic View of Interactions of a Nanoherbicide with Target Organism.
Using In Vitro Fluorescence Resonance Energy Transfer to Study the Dynamics Of Protein Complexes at a Millisecond Time Scale.
Metagenomic Analysis of Riesling Grapevine Reveals a Complex Virome Including Two New and Divergent Variants of Grapevine leafroll-associated virus 3.
Regression models for monitoring trace metal accumulations by Faba sativa Bernh. plants grown in soils amended with different rates of sewage sludge.
Meta-analysis reveals that pollinator functional diversity and abundance enhance crop pollination and yield.
Distributional responses to climate change for alpine species of Cyananthus and Primula endemic to the Himalaya-Hengduan Mountains.
Prunus sunhangii: A new species of Prunus from central China.
Conservation implications of population genetic structure in a threatened orchid Cypripedium tibeticum.
A patatin-like protein synergistically regulated by jasmonate and ethylene signaling pathways plays a negative role in Nicotiana attenuata resistance to Alternaria alternata.
Sisymbriumlinifolium and Sisymbriopsisschugnana (Brassicaceae), two new records from Xinjiang, China.
Liparisnapoensis (Orchidaceae), a new species from Guangxi, China.
Field Survey of Ephedra Plants in Central Asia (1). Characterization of Ephedra equisetina, Ephedra intermedia, and Their Putative Hybrids Collected in the Zaravshan Mountains of Tajikistan.
Effects of elevated atmospheric CO2 and nitrogen deposition on leaf litter and soil carbon degrading enzyme activities in a Cd-contaminated environment: A mesocosm study.
Primary microcephaly, primordial dwarfism, and brachydactyly in adult cases with biallelic skipping of RTTN exon 42.
Selective manipulation of the inositol metabolic pathway for induction of salt-tolerance in indica rice variety.
Potential of fungi isolated from the dumping sites mangrove rhizosphere soil to degrade polythene.
Nest usurpation: a specialised hunting strategy used to overcome dangerous spider prey.
Multiple plant diversity components drive consumer communities across ecosystems.
Disease mortality in domesticated animals is predicted by host evolutionary relationships.
Liquid Phase and Microwave-Assisted Extractions for Multicomponent Phenolic Pattern Determination of Five Romanian Galium Species Coupled with Bioassays.
The Dynamics of Cytokinin Changes after Grafting of Vegetative Apices on Flowering Rapeseed Plants.
VvSWEET10 Mediates Sugar Accumulation in Grapes.
Molecular-level investigation of soils contaminated by oil spilled during the Gulf War.
Beyond the extreme: recovery of carbon and water relations in woody plants following heat and drought stress.
Temporary heat stress suppresses PAMP-triggered immunity and resistance to bacteria in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The Combined Use of an Attractive and a Repellent Sex Pheromonal Component by a Gregarious Parasitoid.
Assessment of genetic diversity, population structure and sex identification in dioecious crop, Trichosanthes dioica employing ISSR, SCoT and SRAP markers.
Factors Affecting the Accuracy of Genomic Selection for Agricultural Economic Traits in Maize, Cattle, and Pig Populations.
Occurrence and Characterization of Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Processed Raw Foods and Ready-to-Eat Foods in an Urban Setting of a Developing Country.
Draft Genome Sequence of an Enterococcus faecalis Strain (24FS) That Was Isolated from Healthy Infant Feces and Exhibits High Antibacterial Activity, Multiple-Antibiotic Resistance, and Multiple Virulence Factors.
Efficient expression and secretion of endo-1,4-beta-xylanase from Penicillium citrinum in non-conventional yeast Yarrowia lipolytica directed by the native and the preproLIP2 signal peptides.
The ethnobotany and biogeography of wild vegetables in the Adriatic islands.
Management of chromium (VI) toxicity by calcium and sulfur in tomato and brinjal: Implication of nitric oxide.
Deprivation of root-derived resources affects microbial biomass but not community structure in litter and soil.
Herb induced liver injury after using herbal medicine: A systemic review and case-control study.
DNA barcoding detects floral origin of Indian honey samples.
Synthesis and antitumor activity of isolongifoleno[7,8-d]thiazolo[3,2-a]pyrimidine derivatives via enhancing ROS level.
Modulation of photosynthetic parameters, sugar metabolism, polyamine and ion contents by silicon amendments in wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) seedlings exposed to arsenic.
Insecticidal and Acetylcholinesterase Inhibition Activity of Veratrum nigrum Alkaloidal Extract against the German Cockroach (Blattella germanica).
Phytobiomes are compositionally nested from the ground up.
Molecular Phylogeography and Ecological Niche Modeling of Sibbaldia procumbens s.l. (Rosaceae).
PINOID Is Required for Formation of the Stigma and Style in Rice.
Deetiolation Enhances Phototropism by Modulating NON-PHOTOTROPIC HYPOCOTYL3 Phosphorylation Status.
Phytochemical and Antioxidant Activities of Cucumis africanus L.f.:: A Wild Vegetable of South Africa.
Assessment of biodegradation in ancient archaeological wood from the Middle Cemetery at Abydos, Egypt.
Primary endothelial cell-specific regulation of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1 and HIF-2 and their target gene expression profiles during hypoxia.
Transcriptomic and Phytochemical Analyses Reveal Root-Mediated Resource-Based Defense Response to Leaf Herbivory by Ectropis oblique in Tea Plant ( Camellia sinensis).
Developmental, genetic and environmental variations of global DNA methylation in the first leaves emerging from the shoot apical meristem in poplar trees.
Endophytic actinomycetes Streptomyces spp mediated biosynthesis of copper oxide nanoparticles as a promising tool for biotechnological applications.
Induced Systemic Resistance (ISR) and Fe Deficiency Responses in Dicot Plants.
Beneficial and Pathogenic Arabidopsis Root-Interacting Fungi Differently Affect Auxin Levels and Responsive Genes During Early Infection.
NeuroPIpred: a tool to predict, design and scan insect neuropeptides.
Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Cross-Talk Interaction Modulates the Production of Melanins in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Glycome and proteome components of Golgi membranes are common between two angiosperms with distinct cell wall structures.
Restriction-site associated DNA sequencing supports a sister group relationship of Nigritella and Gymnadenia (Orchidaceae).
Multidirectional biological investigation and phytochemical profile of Rubus sanctus and Rubus ibericus.
Stelleraguaianone B and C, two new sesquiterpenoids from Stellera chamaejasme L.
Photocatalytic Activity of Green Synthesized AgCl Nanoparticles Towards E. coli Bacteria.
Confirmation of herbicide resistance mutations Trp574Leu, DeltaG210, and EPSPS gene amplification and control of multiple herbicide-resistant Palmer amaranth (Amaranthus palmeri) with chlorimuron-ethyl, fomesafen, and glyphosate.
Environmental heterogeneity mediates scale-dependent declines in kelp diversity on intertidal rocky shores.
Metabolic Activation of Myristicin and Its Role in Cellular Toxicity.
OsCIPK7 point-mutation leads to conformation and kinase-activity change for sensing cold response.
Range-expansion effects on the belowground plant microbiome.
Identification of optimal prediction models using multi-omic data for selecting hybrid rice.
Acute anti-inflammatory and anti-nociceptive activities of crude extracts, alkaloid fraction and evolitrine from Acronychia pedunculata leaves.
Anti-inflammatory and wound healing effects of cream containing Curcuma mangga extract.
Phylogenetic delineation of regional biota: A case study of the Chinese flora.
Molecular Players of EF-hand Containing Calcium Signaling Event in Plants.
Antibacterial and Biofilm Inhibitory Activity of Medicinal Plant Essential Oils Against Escherichia coli Isolated from UTI Patients.
Evaluation of the Anti-Trypanosomal Activity of Vietnamese Essential Oils, with Emphasis on Curcuma longa L. and Its Components.
Physalis peruviana-Derived 4beta-Hydroxywithanolide E, a Novel Antagonist of Wnt Signaling, Inhibits Colorectal Cancer In Vitro and In Vivo.
Instability of Alien Chromosome Introgressions in Wheat Associated with Improper Positioning in the Nucleus.
Widespread occurrence of retinoids in water bodies associated with cyanobacterial blooms dominated by diverse species.
Changes in content of steroid regulators during cold hardening of winter wheat - Steroid physiological/biochemical activity and impact on frost tolerance.
Differential and tissue-specific activation pattern of the AtPROPEP and AtPEPR genes in response to biotic and abiotic stress in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Ecological Stoichiometry: A Link Between Developmental Speed and Physiological Stress in an Omnivorous Insect.
The genus Juglanconis (Diaporthales) on Pterocarya.
Apoptosis-Mediated Cytotoxic Effect of Caralluma adscendens var. attenuata on Colon (HT29) and Hepatic (HepG2) Cancer Cell Lines.
Long-term survival and successful conservation? Low genetic diversity but no evidence for reduced reproductive success at the north-westernmost range edge of Poa badensis (Poaceae) in Central Europe.
Nutritional and antioxidant potential of some wild edible mushrooms of Nagaland, India.
Rapid discovery and functional characterization of diterpene synthases from basidiomycete fungi by genome mining.
Bodies of the plant and Animal Kingdom: An illustrated manuscript on materia medica in the Netherlands (ca. 1800).
Comparative analysis of human papillomavirus type 6 complete genomes originated from head and neck and anogenital disorders.
Virulent Escherichia coli strains among Egyptian patients with acute diarrhoea versus urinary tract infection, and their antibiotic susceptibility.
Marker-trait association for grain weight of spring barley in well-watered and drought environments.
Autotoxicity of root exudates varies with species identity and soil phosphorus.
From ethnobotany to mainstream agriculture: socially modified Cinderella species capturing  \' trade-ons \'  for  \' land maxing \' .
The novel phytocomponent asiaticoside-D isolated from Centella asiatica exhibits monoamine oxidase-B inhibiting potential in the rotenone degenerated cerebral ganglions of Lumbricus terrestris.
Mapping human health risk from exposure to potential toxic metal contamination in groundwater of Lower Dir, Pakistan: Application of multivariate and geographical information system.
Phytoremediation efficiency of Portulaca oleracea L. naturally growing in some industrial sites, Dakahlia District, Egypt.
Glass Wool Concentration Optimization for the Detection of Enveloped and Non-enveloped Waterborne Viruses.
Frost controls spring phenology of juvenile Smith fir along elevational gradients on the southeastern Tibetan Plateau.
The effect of environment on the microbiome associated with the roots of a native woody plant under different climate types in China.
Different Degrees of Niche Differentiation for Bacteria, Fungi, and Myxomycetes Within an Elevational Transect in the German Alps.
Zizhines G-O, AchE inhibitory meroterpenoids from Ganoderma sinensis.
Activity evaluation on Ribes species, traditionally used to speed up healing of wounds: With special focus on Ribes nigrum.
Gateway binary vectors with organelle-targeted fluorescent proteins for highly sensitive reporter assay in gene expression analysis of plants.
Deciphering the nitric oxide, cyanide and iron-mediated actions of sodium nitroprusside in cotyledons of salt stressed sunflower seedlings.
Mal de Rio Cuarto virus infection causes hormone imbalance and sugar accumulation in wheat leaves.
Phytochemical Diversity in Rhizomes of Three Reynoutria Species and their Antioxidant Activity Correlations Elucidated by LC-ESI-MS/MS Analysis.
Development and Validation of a UHPLC-DAD Method for the Quantitative Analysis of Major Dihydrochalcone Glucosides from Thonningia sanguinea VAHL.
Salicylic acid: biosynthesis, perception, and contributions to plant immunity.
Chrysotobibenzyl inhibition of lung cancer cell migration through Caveolin-1-dependent mediation of the integrin switch and the sensitization of lung cancer cells to cisplatin-mediated apoptosis.
Melatonin-mediated nitric oxide improves tolerance to cadmium toxicity by reducing oxidative stress in wheat plants.
Macromorphological and micromorphological seed features of selected taxa of Caesalpiniaceae using light and scanning electron microscopy.
Large branch and leaf hydraulic safety margins in subtropical evergreen broadleaved forest.
No borders during the post-glacial assembly of European bryophytes.
Biosorption of heavy metals by a lead (Pb) resistant bacterium, Staphylococcus hominis strain AMB-2.
Impact of nanoencapsulated natural bioactive phenolic metabolites on chitosan nanoparticles as aflatoxins inhibitor.
Rebuttal to Commentary of Prof Yilmaz.
Impact of jasmonic acid on lignification in the hemp hypocotyl.
Nonasaccharide Inhibits Intrinsic Factor Xase Complex by Binding to Factor IXa and Disrupting Factor IXa-Factor VIIIa Interactions.
Current Scenario of Pb Toxicity in Plants: Unraveling Plethora of Physiological Responses.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and biochar improves drought tolerance in chickpea.
A novel triterpenoid 16-hydroxy betulinic acid isolated from Mikania cordata attributes multi-faced pharmacological activities.
Cytogenotoxic effects of Adenium obesum seeds extracts on breast cancer cells.
Elevated levels of laccase synthesis by Pleurotus pulmonarius BPSM10 and its potential as a dye decolorizing agent.
Isolation and characterization of Aspergillus sp. for the production of extracellular polysaccharides by response surface methodology.
Damage on plants activates Ca2+-dependent metacaspases for release of immunomodulatory peptides.
Discovery and preclinical development of IIIM-160, a Bergenia ciliata-based anti-inflammatory and anti-arthritic botanical drug candidate.
VvmiR160s/VvARFs interaction and their spatio-temporal expression/cleavage products during GA-induced grape parthenocarpy.
Single-Molecule Imaging and Computational Microscopy Approaches Clarify the Mechanism of the Dimerization and Membrane Interactions of Green Fluorescent Protein.
Chromone-Derived Polyketides from the Deep-Sea Fungus Diaporthe phaseolorum FS431.
Feasibility of using natural mineral ores for removing Cs and Sr from contaminated water.
Microscopic and phytochemical techniques as a tool for authentication of herbal drug chiraita: Swertia cordata (G. Don) C.B. Clarke.
Iridium-Catalyzed Enantioselective Allylation of Aryl Enamides and Enecarbamates.
Bjorn Lindahl.
How do arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi travel?
Population genetics of 15 autosomal STR loci in the Han population of Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture, Northwestern China.
Attributes of Polygonum multiflorum to transfigure red biotechnology.
Intralaboratory comparison of analytical methods for quantification of major phytocannabinoids.
Synbiotic as eco-friendly feed additive in diets of chickens under hot climatic conditions.
FLAS: fast and high throughput algorithm for PacBio long read self-correction.
Evolution and Diversification of Kiwifruit Mitogenomes through Extensive Whole-Genome Rearrangement and Mosaic Loss of Intergenic Sequences in a Highly Variable Region.
Dietary Sargassum fusiforme improves memory and reduces amyloid plaque load in an Alzheimer \' s disease mouse model.
Genome of Crucihimalaya himalaica, a close relative of Arabidopsis, shows ecological adaptation to high altitude.
Tomato MYB21 Acts in Ovules to Mediate Jasmonate-Regulated Fertility.
Characterization and Antibacterial Activity of 7S and 11S Globulins Isolated from Cowpea Seed Protein.
Derivatization of Rosmarinic Acid Enhances its in vitro Antitumor, Antimicrobial and Antiprotozoal Properties.
The Desaturase Gene Family is Crucially Required for Fatty Acid Metabolism and Survival of the Brown Planthopper, Nilaparvata lugens.
Identification of Periplasmic Root-Cap Mucilage in Developing Columella Cells of Arabidopsis thaliana.
PRR5, 7 and 9 positively modulate TOR signaling-mediated root cell proliferation by repressing TANDEM ZINC FINGER 1 in Arabidopsis.
Occurrence, antifungal susceptibility, and virulence factors of opportunistic yeasts isolated from Brazilian beaches.
An overview of tolerogenic immunotherapies based on plant-made antigens.
Unimodal Response of Soil Methane Consumption to Increasing Nitrogen Additions.
Seeds tend to disperse further in the tropics.
Sulfur deposition still contributes to forest soil acidification in the Pearl River Delta, South China, despite the control of sulfur dioxide emission since 2001.
A natural experiment reveals the impact of hydroelectric dams on the estuaries of tropical rivers.
Wild boar (Sus scrofa) increases species diversity of semidry grassland: Field experiment with simulated soil disturbances.
A few north Appalachian populations are the source of European black locust.
Evolutionary History of Rhus chinensis (Anacardiaceae) From the Temperate and Subtropical Zones of China Based on cpDNA and Nuclear DNA Sequences and Ecological Niche Model.
Mixotrophic Growth Under Micro-Oxic Conditions in the Purple Sulfur Bacterium "Thiodictyon syntrophicum".
The role of water-water cycle in regulating the redox state of photosystem I under fluctuating light.
Factors influencing self-management in patients with type 2 diabetes in general practice: a qualitative study.
Complexity in Implementing Community Drowning Reduction Programs in Southern Bangladesh: A Process Evaluation Protocol.
Green synthesis of cadmium oxide decorated reduced graphene oxide nanocomposites and its electrical and antibacterial properties.
Interactive effect of drought and cadmium stress on soybean root morphology and gene expression.
Marine fungi.
The making of elaborate petals in Nigella through developmental repatterning.
Prenylated Phenolic Compounds from the Leaves of Sabia limoniacea and Their Antiviral Activities against Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus.
Synthesis and Antioxidant Activity of New Norcantharidin Analogs.
Alkaline soda Lake Velika Rusanda (Serbia): the first insight into diatom diversity of this extreme saline lake.
Characterization of pyrene and chrysene degradation by halophilic Hortaea sp. B15.
Conservation, Divergence, and Functions of Centromeric Satellite DNA Families in the Bovidae.
Interspecific conflict and the evolution of ineffective rhizobia.
Thermoregulatory traits combine with range shifts to alter the future of montane ant assemblages.
Inhibition of Fusarium culmorum, Penicillium chrysogenum and Rhizoctonia solani by n-hexane extracts of three plant species as a wood-treated oil fungicide.
Leaf mechanical strength and photosynthetic capacity vary independently across 57 subtropical forest species with contrasting light requirements.
Modulatory effects of Amukkara Choornam on Candida albicans biofilm: in vitro and in vivo study.
Habitat differentiation and conservation gap of Magnolia biondii, M. denudata, and M. sprengeri in China.
Megaphylogeny resolves global patterns of mushroom evolution.
Covalent Modification by Glyoxals Converts Cytochrome c Into its Apoptotically Competent State.
Contribution of time of day and the circadian clock to the heat stress responsive transcriptome in Arabidopsis.
Adaptation and Phenotypic Diversification in Arabidopsis through Loss-of-Function Mutations in Protein-Coding Genes.
Environmental temperature alters the overall digestive energetics and differentially affects dietary protein and lipid use in a lizard.
Medicinal plants of the Caatinga, northeastern Brazil: Ethnopharmacopeia (1980-1990) of the late professor Francisco Jose de Abreu Matos.
Synthesis, characterization and antiproliferative activity of seco analogues of brassinosteroids.
TRPA1 is selected as a semi-conserved channel during vertebrate evolution due to its involvement in spermatogenesis.
Artificial Light at Night Alleviates the Negative Effect of Pb on Freshwater Ecosystems.
Comparative analyses of cuticular waxes on various organs of faba bean (Vicia faba L.).
The remediation of drought stress under VAM inoculation through proline chemical transformation action.
Characterization of a sesquiterpene cyclase from the glandular trichomes of Leucosceptrum canum for sole production of cedrol in Escherichia coli and Nicotiana benthamiana.
Do native and invasive herbivores have an effect on Brassica rapa pollination?
Enantioselective Total Synthesis of (+)-Flavisiamine F via Late-Stage Visible-Light-Induced Photochemical Cyclization.
Plant phenology and global climate change: Current progresses and challenges.
Island woodiness underpins accelerated disparification in plant radiations.
Genome-wide association analyses for yield and yield-related traits in bread wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) under pre-anthesis combined heat and drought stress in field conditions.
Serratia sp. CP-13 augments the growth of cadmium (Cd)-stressed Linum usitatissimum L. by limited Cd uptake, enhanced nutrient acquisition and antioxidative potential.
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Huangqi Guizhi Wuwutang granule in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Forest stand productivity derived from site conditions: an assessment of old Douglas-fir stands (Pseudotsuga menziesii (Mirb.) Franco var. menziesii) in Central Europe.
Only true pelagics mix: comparative phylogeography of deepwater bathybatine cichlids from Lake Tanganyika.
Mitochondrial gene cytochrome c oxidase I (CO1) used for molecular identification of Bactrocera zonata in Pakistan.
Nitrate supplementation attenuates As(V) toxicity in Solanum lycopersicum L. cv Pusa Rohini: Insights into As(V) sub-cellular distribution, photosynthesis, nitrogen assimilation, and DNA damage.
cis-Khellactone Inhibited the Proinflammatory Macrophages via Promoting Autophagy to Ameliorate Imiquimod-Induced Psoriasis.
Contribution of NDH-dependent cyclic electron transport around photosystem I to the generation of proton motive force in the weak mutant allele of pgr5.
Cloning and expression analysis of LoCCD8 during IAA-induced bulbils outgrowth in lily (Oriental Hybrid  \' Sorbonne \' ).
Tribute Roland Douce, 1939-2018.
Active and diverse viruses persist in the deep sub-seafloor sediments over thousands of years.
Transposable elements drive rapid phenotypic variation in Capsella rubella.
Communicating the health of the planet and its links to human health.
Herbal medicine use during breastfeeding: a cross-sectional study among mothers visiting public health facilities in the Western area of Sierra Leone.
 \' We are nothing without herbs \' : a story of herbal remedies use during pregnancy in rural Ghana.
Molecular Responses of Maize Shoot to a Plant Derived Smoke Solution.
Progress in Understanding the Physiological and Molecular Responses of Populus to Salt Stress.
Global Gene Expression of Seed Coat Tissues Reveals a Potential Mechanism of Regulating Seed Size Formation in Castor Bean.
Physiological and biochemical responses of two spring wheat genotypes to non-hydraulic root-to-shoot signalling of partial and full root-zone drought stress.
Chemical Characterization of Euphorbia heterophylla L. Essential Oils and Their Antioxidant Activity and Allelopathic Potential on Cenchrus echinatus L.
Impaired clearance of sunitinib leads to metabolic disorders and hepatotoxicity.
mirtronDB: a mirtron knowledge base.
Optimization of column chromatography technique for the isolation of tetrandrine from Cyclea peltata and LC-ESI-MS based quantification and validation of the method.
Is size an issue of time? Relationship between the duration of xylem development and cell traits.
Sequencing the Plastid Genome of Giant Ragweed (Ambrosia trifida, Asteraceae) From a Herbarium Specimen.
Comparative Study Reveals Insights of Sheepgrass (Leymus chinensis) Coping With Phosphate-Deprived Stress Condition.
Cytological, Biochemical and Molecular Events of the Embryogenic State in Douglas-fir (Pseudotsuga menziesii [Mirb.]).
Selaginelladianzhongensis (Selaginellaceae), a new spikemoss from China.
Cellulose fibrils formation and organisation of cytoskeleton during encystment are essential for Acanthamoeba cyst wall architecture.
Genome-wide Analysis of bZIP Transcription Factors in wheat and Functional Characterization of a TabZIP under Abiotic Stress.
Silica nanoparticles boost growth and productivity of cucumber under water deficit and salinity stresses by balancing nutrients uptake.
Reconstructing the ancestral flower of extant angiosperms: the  \' war of the whorls \'  is heating up.
Depolarizing metrics for plant samples imaging.
Orthogonal One-Pot Synthesis of Oligosaccharides Based on Glycosyl ortho-Alkynylbenzoates.
The Genus Solanum: An Ethnopharmacological, Phytochemical and Biological Properties Review.
Production, Partial Purification, and Biochemical Characterization of a Thermotolerant Alkaline Metallo-protease from Staphylococcus sciuri.
Genome analysis of a Bacillus subtilis strain reveals genetic mutations determining biocontrol properties.
The story of promiscuous crucifers: origin and genome evolution of an invasive species, Cardamine occulta (Brassicaceae), and its relatives.
Whole-genome resequencing of 472 Vitis accessions for grapevine diversity and demographic history analyses.
An Efficient System for Ds Transposon Tagging in Brachypodium distachyon.
Variability in Catechin and Rutin Contents and Their Antioxidant Potential in Diverse Apple Genotypes.
Profiling Metabolites and Biological Activities of Sugarcane (Saccharum officinarum Linn.) Juice and its Product Molasses via a Multiplex Metabolomics Approach.
Niduterpenoids A and B: Two Sesterterpenoids with a Highly Congested Hexacyclic 5/5/5/5/3/5 Ring System from the Fungus Aspergillus nidulans.
Multi-species test and calibration of an improved transient thermal dissipation system of sap flow measurement with a single probe.
Dose and drug changes in chronic lymphocytic leukemia cell response in vitro: A comparison of standard therapy regimens with two novel cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors.
Bacillus methylotrophicus ASWU-C2, a strain inhabiting hot desert soil, a new source for antibacterial bacillopyrone, pyrophen, and cyclopeptides.
Seasonal diversity of biodeteriogenic, pathogenic, and toxigenic constituents of airborne mycobiota in a sacral environment.
Health risk assessment through determining bioaccumulation of iron in forages grown in soil irrigated with city effluent.
Genetic diversity of Ziziphus mauritiana germplasm based on SSR markers and ploidy level estimation.
From herbal small RNAs to one medicine.
Increasing the efficiency of CRISPR/Cas9-based gene editing by suppressing RNAi in plants.
Complete loss of RNA editing from the plastid genome and most highly expressed mitochondrial genes of Welwitschia mirabilis.
Ecological, phylogenetical, and pharmacognostical characteristics of Aconitum kiyomiense endemic to Hida highlands, Takayama city, Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
Functional characterization of the rice root Germin-like protein gene-1 (OsRGLP1) promoter in Nicotiana tabacum.
Phylogeographic Analyses of the East Asian Endemic Genus Prinsepia and the Role of the East Asian Monsoon System in Shaping a North-South Divergence Pattern in China.
Nano-biotechnology: a new approach to treat and prevent malaria.
Effects of species traits and environmental predictors on performance and transferability of ecological niche models.
Surveillance of cell wall diffusion barrier integrity modulates water and solute transport in plants.
Transcriptome analysis of the curry tree (Bergera koenigii L., Rutaceae) during leaf development.
Facile synthesis of graphene-tin oxide nanocomposite derived from agricultural waste for enhanced antibacterial activity against Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Extreme thermal fluctuations from climate change unexpectedly accelerate demographic collapse of vertebrates with temperature-dependent sex determination.
Mitotic Recombination and Rapid Genome Evolution in the Invasive Forest Pathogen Phytophthora ramorum.
How to define obligatory anaerobiosis? An evolutionary view on the antioxidant response system and the early stages of the evolution of life on Earth.
Bifidobacterium longum Suppresses Murine Colorectal Cancer through the Modulation of oncomiRs and Tumor Suppressor miRNAs.
Structural Evidence of Programmed Cell Death Induction by Tungsten in Root Tip Cells of Pisum sativum.
An Integrated Transcriptome and Proteome Analysis Reveals Putative Regulators of Adventitious Root Formation in Taxodium  \' Zhongshanshan \' .
Hydrodistillation Extraction Kinetics Regression Models for Essential Oil Yield and Composition in Juniperus virginiana, J. excelsa, and J. sabina.
Parallel Speciation of Wild Rice Associated with Habitat Shifts.
Dormancy removal by cold stratification increases glutathione and S-nitrosoglutathione content in apple seeds.
Plant latex thrombin-like cysteine proteases alleviates bleeding by bypassing factor VIII in murine model.
Effects of body size and root to shoot ratio on foliar nutrient resorption efficiency in Amaranthus mangostanus.
Stomatal frequency of Quercus glauca from three material sources shows the same inverse response to atmospheric pCO2.
Traditional lifestyles, transition, and implications for healthy aging: An Example from the remote island of Pohnpei, Micronesia.
Taxonomic study of subfamily Nepetoideae (Lamiaceae) by polynomorphological approach.
Phylogeography of Schisandra chinensis (Magnoliaceae) Reveal Multiple Refugia With Ample Gene Flow in Northeast China.
Statistical power in genome-wide association studies and quantitative trait locus mapping.
Rapid evolution of protein diversity by de novo origination in Oryza.
Polyandrous bee provides extended offspring care biparentally as an alternative to monandry based eusociality.
After The Deluge: Plant Revival Post-Flooding.
Effect of morin on the degradation of water-soluble polysaccharides in banana during softening.
Nanoencapsulated plant-based bioactive formulation against food-borne molds and aflatoxin B1 contamination: Preparation, characterization and stability evaluation in the food system.
Ethnobotany, Phytochemistry and Pharmacological Properties of Eucommia ulmoides: A Review.
Transcriptomic Changes in Medicago truncatula and Lotus japonicus Root Nodules during Drought Stress.
Natural History of a Satellite DNA Family: From the Ancestral Genome Component to Species-Specific Sequences, Concerted and Non-Concerted Evolution.
AdRAP2.3, a Novel Ethylene Response Factor VII from Actinidia deliciosa, Enhances Waterlogging Resistance in Transgenic Tobacco through Improving Expression Levels of PDC and ADH Genes.
A New Sesquiterpenoid Aminoquinone from an Indonesian Marine Sponge.
Ultraviolet radiation rather than inorganic nitrogen increases dissolved organic carbon biodegradability in a typical thermo-erosion gully on the Tibetan Plateau.
Biologically active compounds and pharmacological activities of species of the genus Crocus: A review.
Cadmium and sodium adsorption properties of magnetite nanoparticles synthesized from Hevea brasiliensis Muell. Arg. bark: Relevance in amelioration of metal stress in rice.
Silver nanoparticles elicited in vitro callus cultures for accumulation of biomass and secondary metabolites in Caralluma tuberculata.
Corrigendum: bHLH92 from sheepgrass acts as a negative regulator of anthocyanin/proanthocyandin accumulation and influences seed dormancy.
Fungi Associated with and Influence of Moisture on Development of Kernel Mold of Hazelnut.
Carbon concentrations and their stable isotopic signatures in the upper Han River, China.
Waterlogging tolerance rendered by oxylipin-mediated metabolic reprogramming in Arabidopsis.
Non-canonical auxin signalling: fast and curious.
No high Tibetan Plateau until the Neogene.
Biodiversity recovery of Neotropical secondary forests.
Proteome study of somatic embryogenesis in Nothapodytes nimmoniana (J. Graham) Mabberly.
Breeding progress and preparedness for mass-scale deployment of perennial lignocellulosic biomass crops switchgrass, miscanthus, willow and poplar.
Candelariella vitellina extract triggers in vitro and in vivo cell death through induction of apoptosis: A novel anticancer agent.
Turning Meristems into Fortresses.
Assessment of Melissa officinalis L. essential oil as an eco-friendly approach against biodeterioration of wheat flour caused by Tribolium castaneum Herbst.
Relationships between Tertiary relict and circumboreal woodland floras: a case study in Chimaphila (Ericaceae).
RUBY, a Putative Galactose Oxidase, Influences Pectin Properties and Promotes Cell-To-Cell Adhesion in the Seed Coat Epidermis of Arabidopsis.
Scenarios for the management of invasive Acacia species in a protected area: Implications of clearing efficacy.
Feasible production of biomass and natural antioxidants through callus cultures in response to varying light intensities in olive (Olea europaea. L) cult. Arbosana.
Network Invasion as an Open Dynamical System: Response to Rossberg and Barabas.
Investigations on peculiarities of land-water interface and its use as a stable testbed for accurately predicting changes in ecosystem responses to human perturbations: A sub-watershed scale study with the Ganga River.
Triterpenes with unusual modifications from the fruiting bodies of the medicinal fungus Irpex lacteus.
Drift happens: Molecular genetic diversity and differentiation among populations of jewelweed (Impatiens capensis Meerb.) reflect fragmentation of floodplain forests.
 \' At the crossroads towards polyploidy \' : genomic divergence and extent of homoploid hybridization are drivers for the formation of the ox-eye daisy polyploid complex (Leucanthemum, Compositae-Anthemideae).
The role of HD-Zip class I transcription factors in plant response to abiotic stresses.
Structure of a green algal photosystem I in complex with a large number of light-harvesting complex I subunits.
Selective auxin agonists induce specific AUX/IAA protein degradation to modulate plant development.
Genome of lethal Lepiota venenata and insights into the evolution of toxin-biosynthetic genes.
Environmental friendly synthesis of TiO2-ZnO nanocomposite catalyst and silver nanomaterilas for the enhanced production of biodiesel from Ulva lactuca seaweed and potential antimicrobial properties against the microbial pathogens.
Chemical profile of Lippia thymoides, evaluation of the acetylcholinesterase inhibitory activity of its essential oil, and molecular docking and molecular dynamics simulations.
Brief Report: Psychometric Properties of the Patient Health Questionaire-9 (PHQ-9) in Autistic Adults.
First insights into the feeding habits of the Critically Endangered black snub-nosed monkey, Rhinopithecus strykeri (Colobinae, Primates).
Molecular fingerprinting of the Indian medicinal plant Strychnos minor Dennst.
Plant-produced recombinant Osteopontin-Fc fusion protein enhanced osteogenesis.
Amebicidal effects of fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum) against Acanthamoeba cysts.
Seed germination and seedling growth of five desert plants and their relevance to vegetation restoration.
Seed germination responses to seasonal temperature and drought stress are species-specific but not related to seed size in a desert steppe: Implications for effect of climate change on community structure.
DNA barcoding of Corydalis, the most taxonomically complicated genus of Papaveraceae.
Water salinity and inundation control soil carbon decomposition during salt marsh restoration: An incubation experiment.
Environmental filtering predicts plant-community trait distribution and diversity: Kettle holes as models of meta-community systems.
Pollinator size and its consequences: Robust estimates of body size in pollinating insects.
Incomplete datasets obscure associations between traits affecting dispersal ability and geographic range size of reef fishes in the Tropical Eastern Pacific.
Evolution and Diversification of FRUITFULL Genes in Solanaceae.
Lentinula edodes Mycelium as Effective Agent for Piroxicam Mycoremediation.
Author Correction: Warming shortens flowering seasons of tundra plant communities.
Antifungal efficiency of wild plants against human-opportunistic pathogens.
Cytotoxic and apoptotic inducing activity of Amoora rohituka leaf extracts in human breast cancer cells.
Elderberry for influenza.
Strong antioxidant capacity of horseradish hairy root cultures under arsenic stress indicates the possible use of Armoracia rusticana plants for phytoremediation.
Role of P-type ATPase metal transporters and plant immunity induced by jasmonic acid against Lead (Pb) toxicity in tomato.
Anti-hyperglycemic and anti-hyperlipidemic effects of rhinacanthins-rich extract from Rhinacanthus nasutus leaves in nicotinamide-streptozotocin induced diabetic rats.
Salicylic acid and nitric oxide signaling in plant heat stress.
A Developing Symbiosis: Enabling Cross-Talk Between Ecologists and Microbiome Scientists.
Wetland carbon storage controlled by millennial-scale variation in relative sea-level rise.
Effects of soil amendments applied on cadmium availability, soil enzyme activity, and plant uptake in contaminated purple soil.
Combining biophysical parameters, spectral indices and multivariate hyperspectral models for estimating yield and water productivity of spring wheat across different agronomic practices.
Analysis of genetic control and QTL mapping of essential wheat grain quality traits in a recombinant inbred population.
Comparative genomics reveals origin of MIR159A-MIR159B paralogy, and complexities of PTGS interaction between miR159 and target GA-MYBs in Brassicaceae.
Spatial scale changes the relationship between beta diversity, species richness and latitude.
Widespread occurrence and unexpected diversity of red-shifted chlorophyll producing cyanobacteria in humid subtropical forest ecosystems.
Widely targeted metabolome and transcriptome landscapes of Allium fistulosum-A. cepa chromosome addition lines revealed a flavonoid hot spot on chromosome 5A.
In-situ localization and biochemical analysis of bio-molecules reveals Pb-stress amelioration in Brassica juncea L. by co-application of 24-Epibrassinolide and Salicylic Acid.
Long Non-coding RNAs Coordinate Developmental Transitions and Other Key Biological Processes in Grapevine.
Isolation of a putative virulence agent, cytotoxic serine-elastase, from a newly isolated Pseudomonas aeruginosa ZuhP13.
Appropriate Thiamin Pyrophosphate Levels Are Required for Acclimation to Changes in Photoperiod.
Fungi in the Marine Environment: Open Questions and Unsolved Problems.
ETR1/RDO3 Regulates Seed Dormancy by Relieving the Inhibitory Effect of the ERF12-TPL Complex on DELAY OF GERMINATION1 Expression.
Detecting past changes in vegetation resilience in the context of a changing climate.
Narrow habitat breadth and late-summer emergence increases extinction vulnerability in Central European bees.
Medicinal Uses, Phytochemistry and Pharmacological Properties of Elaeodendron transvaalense.
Identification of potential AMPK activator by pharmacophore modeling, molecular docking and QSAR study.
Application of docking and active site analysis for enzyme linked biodegradation of textile dyes.
A combination of Pueraria lobata and Silybum marianum protects against alcoholic liver disease in mice.
Anti-Adhesion Activity of Tannins Isolated from the Mangrove Laguncularia racemosa.
Traditional herbal medicine for liver cancer: "Let \' s pretend I like cooking and you pretend it tastes nice".
Reply to Traditional herbal medicine for liver cancer: "Let \' s pretend I like cooking and you pretend it tastes nice".
Microporotriol, a new cadinane-type sesquiterpenoid from the cultures of the wood-decay fungus Microporus affinis HFG829.
Antimicrobial photodynamic activity of toluidine blue encapsulated in mesoporous silica nanoparticles against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus.
Glycoside Hydrolase Family 39 beta-Xylosidases Exhibit beta-1,2-Xylosidase Activity for Transformation of Notoginsenosides: A New EC Subsubclass.
The plant Pontin and Reptin homologues, RuvBL1 and RuvBL2a, colocalize with TERT and TRB proteins in vivo, and participate in telomerase biogenesis.
Roles of RAD51 and RTEL1 in telomere and rDNA stability in Physcomitrella patens.
Prevalence of auto-antibodies against D-ribose-glycated-hemoglobin in diabetes mellitus.
Revision of the Afro-Madagascan genus Costularia (Schoeneae, Cyperaceae): infrageneric relationships and species delimitation.
Intensive tropical land use massively shifts soil fungal communities.
Constitutive signaling activity of a receptor-associated protein links fertilization with embryonic patterning in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Hollow silica microspheres as robust immobilization carriers.
Revelation of the metabolic pathway of hederacoside C using an innovative data analysis strategy for dynamic multiclass biotransformation experiments.
Structural and antioxidant studies of a new arabinoxylan from green stem Andrographis paniculata (Kalmegh).
Chitosan nanoparticles loaded with thiamine stimulate growth and enhances protection against wilt disease in Chickpea.
Multiple radiations of spiny mice (Rodentia: Acomys) in dry open habitats of Afro-Arabia: evidence from a multi-locus phylogeny.
Toxicological effects of anthropogenic activities in Geophagus brasiliensis from a coastal river of southern Brazil: A biomarker approach.
Evolutionary history of the Pasque-flowers (Pulsatilla, Ranunculaceae): Molecular phylogenetics, systematics and rDNA evolution.
Plant-Pathogenic Agrobacterium tumefaciens Strains Have Diverse Type VI Effector-Immunity Pairs and Vary in In-Planta Competitiveness.
Taxonomic resolution of the genus Cyanothece (Chroococcales, Cyanobacteria), with a treatment on Gloeothece and three new genera, Crocosphaera, Rippkaea, and Zehria.
Lipid profiles reveal different responses to brown planthopper infestation for pest susceptible and resistant rice plants.
NMR-based metabolomics reveals that plant-derived smoke stimulates root growth via affecting carbohydrate and energy metabolism in maize.
Multi-omics analysis reveals distinct mechanism of oleaginousness in the emerging model alga Chromochloris zofingiensis.
In vitro plant regeneration and Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation of Datura stramonium (Solanaceae).
Development of microsatellite markers for a monotypic and globally endangered species, Glyptostrobus pensilis (Cupressaceae).
Hesperetin and Hesperidin Improved beta-Carotene Incorporation Efficiency, Intestinal Cell Uptake, and Retinoid Concentrations in Tissues.
Deep supercooling enabled by surface impregnation with lipophilic substances explains the survival of overwintering buds at extreme freezing.
Structural, physiological and genetic diversification of Silene vulgaris ecotypes from heavy metal-contaminated areas and their synchronous in vitro cultivation.
Anticancer effect of nor-wogonin (5, 7, 8-trihydroxyflavone) on human triple-negative breast cancer cells via downregulation of TAK1, NF-kappaB, and STAT3.
Chloroplast genomic data provide new and robust insights into the phylogeny and evolution of the Ranunculaceae.
Accurate prediction of maize grain yield using its contributing genes for gene-based breeding.
Plants as electromic plastic interfaces: A mesological approach.
Chemical constituents of the trunks and roots of Thuja sutchuenensis.
Isoforrethins A-D, four ent-abietane diterpenoids from Isodon forrestii var. forrestii.
Australeols A-F, neuroprotective meroterpenoids from Ganoderma australe.
Extraction methods and computational approaches for evaluation of antimicrobial compounds from Capparis zeylanica L.
A framework for genomics-informed ecophysiological modeling in plants.
Machine learning approaches outperform distance- and tree-based methods for DNA barcoding of Pterocarpus wood.
Nanopore sequencing of long ribosomal DNA amplicons enables portable and simple biodiversity assessments with high phylogenetic resolution across broad taxonomic scale.
VHost-Classifier: Virus-Host Classification using natural language processing.
Morphological, genetic and epigenetic aspects of homoploid hybridization between Salvia officinalis L. and Salvia fruticosa Mill.
Parallel colonization of subalpine habitats in the central European mountains by Primula elatior.
A Simple Method for Measuring Apoplast Hydration and Collecting Apoplast Contents.
Toxoflavin Produced by Burkholderia gladioli from Lycoris aurea Is a New Broad-Spectrum Fungicide.
Structural elucidation of a heteropolysaccharide from the wild mushroom Marasmiellus palmivorus and its immune-assisted anticancer activity.
Migration and proliferation of cancer cells in culture are differentially affected by molecular size of modified citrus pectin.
Novel interactions of Selenium Binding Protein family with the PICOT containing proteins AtGRXS14 and AtGRXS16 in Arabidopsis thaliana.
UDP-Glycosyltransferase Genes in the Striped Rice Stem Borer, Chilo suppressalis (Walker), and Their Contribution to Chlorantraniliprole Resistance.
Antioxidant and Anti-Inflammatory Properties of Nigella sativa Oil in Human Pre-Adipocytes.
Comparison of the Proximate Composition, Vitamins (Ascorbic Acid, alpha-Tocopherol and Retinol), Anti-Nutrients (Phytate and Oxalate) and the GC-MS Analysis of the Essential Oil of the Root and Leaf of Rumex crispus L.
Synthesis and antitumor activity of novel steroidal imidazolium salt derivatives.
Can Saccharomyces cerevisiae keep up as a model system in fungal azole susceptibility research?
Diterpenoids and sesquiterpenoids from the stem bark of Metasequoia glyptostroboides.
Morphological and molecular characterisation of a new species of Gyrodactylus von Nordmann, 1832 (Monogenoidea: Gyrodactylidae) of cichlid fishes (Perciformes) from Mexico.
A Chromosome-Scale Genome Assembly of Paper Mulberry (Broussonetia papyrifera) Provides New Insights into Its Forage and Papermaking Usage.
Genome and secretome of Chondrostereum purpureum correspond to saprotrophic and phytopathogenic life styles.
Aspergilolide, a steroid lactone produced by an endophytic fungus Aspergillus sp. MBL1612 isolated from Paeonia ostii.
Phenolic compounds and antioxidants from Eucalyptus camaldulensis as affected by some extraction conditions, a preparative optimization for GC-MS analysis.
Effects of gamma radiation (gamma) on biochemical and antioxidant properties in black gram (Vigna mungo L. Hepper).
Coordination and trade-offs between leaf and stem hydraulic traits and stomatal regulation along a spectrum of isohydry to anisohydry.
Meeting the challenge of developing food crops with improved nutritional quality and food safety: leveraging proteomics and related omics techniques.
European Crohn \' s and Colitis Organisation Topical Review on Complementary Medicine and Psychotherapy in Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Rostania revised: testing generic delimitations in Collemataceae (Peltigerales, Lecanoromycetes).
A Novel Root-Knot Nematode Resistance QTL on Chromosome Vu01 in Cowpea.
Abscisic acid-determined seed vigour differences do not influence redox regulation during ageing.
The evolution of functional complexity within the beta-amylase gene family in land plants.
Influence of Chloroplast Defects on Formation of Jasmonic Acid and Characteristic Aroma Compounds in Tea (Camellia sinensis) Leaves Exposed to Postharvest Stresses.
Green Ultrasound Assisted Extraction of trans Rosmarinic Acid from Plectranthus scutellarioides (L.) R.Br. Leaves.
Identifying Genome-Wide Sequence Variations and Candidate Genes Implicated in Self-Incompatibility by Resequencing Fragaria viridis.
Congruent phylogenetic relationships of Melaphidina aphids (Aphididae: Eriosomatinae: Fordini) according to nuclear and mitochondrial DNA data with taxonomic implications on generic limits.
Integrity of lichen cell membranes as an indicator of heavy-metal pollution levels in soil.
The relative contributions of intra- and inter-specific variation in driving community stoichiometric responses to nitrogen deposition and mowing in a grassland.
Defense potential of secondary metabolites in medicinal plants under UV-B stress.
Identification, characterization and expression profiling of cation-proton antiporter superfamily in Triticum aestivum L. and functional analysis of TaNHX4-B.
A review of the phytochemistry and pharmacological activities of Magnoliae officinalis cortex.
Ghosts from the past: even comprehensive sampling of the native range may not be enough to unravel the introduction history of invasive species-the case of Acacia dealbata invasions in South Africa.
Protecting maize from rootworm damage with the combined application of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi, Pseudomonas bacteria and entomopathogenic nematodes.
Insights into the karyotype and genome evolution of haplogyne spiders indicate a polyploid origin of lineage with holokinetic chromosomes.
Alleviation of cadmium stress by arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis.
Ralph Panstruga.
Bringing together Europe \' s young plant scientists.
Extraction and purification of the H9N2 virus nucleoprotein: A simple and practical method.
Deletion of rRNA Operons of Sinorhizobium fredii Strain NGR234 and Impact on Symbiosis With Legumes.
Neostagonosporellasichuanensis gen. et sp. nov. (Phaeosphaeriaceae, Pleosporales) on Phyllostachysheteroclada (Poaceae) from Sichuan Province, China.
Herbal medicines for metabolic diseases with blood stasis: A protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Sesquiterpenes from the Leaves of Magnolia delavayi Franch. and Their Cytotoxic Activities.
Hairy root culture as a valuable tool for allelopathic studies in apple.
The concept of the  \' organic individual \'  in Haeckel \' s writings.
Effect of the taxonomic group of fungi and type of substrate on the antioxidant activity of a solid-state fermentation system.
Plant Morphogenesis 123: a renaissance in modern botany?
Expression of extracellular polysaccharides and proteins by clinical isolates of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in response to environmental conditions.
Flocculating, emulsification and metal sorption properties of a partial characterized novel exopolysaccharide produced by Rhizobium tropici SRA1 isolated from Psophocarpus tetragonolobus (L) D.C.
Co-expression of protease and pectinase in Bacillus subtilis using the herbal saponin extract as substrate.
Detection of tau-fluvalinate resistance in the mite Varroa destructor based on the comparison of vial test and PCR-RFLP of kdr mutation in sodium channel gene.
Editing of the OsACS locus alters phosphate deficiency-induced adaptive responses in rice seedlings.
Phylogeography of the Hypnea musciformis species complex (Gigartinales, Rhodophyta) with the recognition of cryptic species in the western Atlantic Ocean.
Changes in Trophic Groups of Protists With Conversion of Rainforest Into Rubber and Oil Palm Plantations.
Prevalence of isomeric plastomes and effectiveness of plastome super-barcodes in yews (Taxus) worldwide.
Diterpenoid compounds from Wedelia trilobata induce resistance to Tomato spotted wilt virus via the JA signal pathway in tobacco plants.
Author Correction: Exogenously applied growth regulators protect the cotton crop from heat-induced injury by modulating plant defense mechanism.
Hyperacidification of Citrus fruits by a vacuolar proton-pumping P-ATPase complex.
Natural variation in the HAN1 gene confers chilling tolerance in rice and allowed adaptation to a temperate climate.
Focus Issue Editorial: Synthetic Biology.
Evolution of plastid genomes of Holcoglossum (Orchidaceae) with recent radiation.
Formation of Erysiphe necator Chasmothecia in the Pacific Northwest United States.
Partitioning of mesophyll conductance for CO2 into intercellular and cellular components using carbon isotope composition of cuticles from opposite leaf sides.
Heavy Metal Threats to Plants and Soil Life in Southern Africa: Present Knowledge and Consequences for Ecological Risk Assessment.
A missense mutation of STERILE APETALA leads to female sterility in Chinese cabbage (Brassica campestris ssp. pekinensis).
Prevalence and Genome Characterization of Field Isolates of Sugarcane Mosaic Virus (SCMV) in Nigeria.
Asthma-Alleviating Potential of 6-Gingerol: Effect on Cytokines, Related mRNA and c-Myc, and NFAT1 Expression in Ovalbumin-Sensitized Asthma in Rats.
Studies of the Antimicrobial Activity of Mushrooms (Agaricales) from South America (Review).
Cancer without Pharmacological Illusions and a Niche for Mycotherapy (Review).
Physiological and transcriptional responses to low-temperature stress in rice genotypes at the reproductive stage.
The systematics of Lobophora (Dictyotales, Phaeophyceae) in the western Atlantic and eastern Pacific oceans: eight new species.
Correction to: Factors driving adaptive radiation in plants of oceanic islands: a case study from the Juan Fernandez Archipelago.
Special issue: cellular omics methods in plant reproduction research.
Spatial variation in leaf nutrient traits of dominant desert riparian plant species in an arid inland river basin of China.
Drawdown flushing in a chain of reservoirs-Effects on grayling populations and implications for sediment management.
Phenotypic plasticity closely linked to climate at origin and resulting in increased mortality under warming and frost stress in a common grass.
Mammal extinctions and the increasing isolation of humans on the tree of life.
Editorial: The Applications of New Multi-Locus GWAS Methodologies in the Genetic Dissection of Complex Traits.
Crossbreeding East African Highland Bananas: Lessons Learnt Relevant to the Botany of the Crop After 21 Years of Genetic Enhancement.
Roots and Nodules Response Differently to P Starvation in the Mediterranean-Type Legume Virgilia divaricata.
Significance of Photosynthetic Characters in the Evolution of Asian Gnetum (Gnetales).
Biotic priming with Pseudomonas fluorescens induce drought stress tolerance in Abelmoschus esculentus (L.) Moench (Okra).
Mycorrhizal fungi influence global plant biogeography.
Pervasive population genomic consequences of genome duplication in Arabidopsis arenosa.
A novel perspective on MOL-PCR optimization and MAGPIX analysis of in-house multiplex foodborne pathogens detection assay.
Evolution of chloroplast retrograde signaling facilitates green plant adaptation to land.
Fusigen Reduces Intracellular Reactive Oxygen Species and Nitric Oxide Levels.
SYP22 and VAMP727 regulate BRI1 plasma membrane targeting to control plant growth in Arabidopsis.
Genome-wide characterization revealed role of NBS-LRR genes during powdery mildew infection in Vitis vinifera.
Phylogenomic conflict resulting from ancient introgression following species diversification in Stewartia s.l. (Theaceae).
Priming winter wheat seeds with the bacterial quorum sensing signal N-hexanoyl-L-homoserine lactone (C6-HSL) shows potential to improve plant growth and seed yield.
Implication of palynological techniques for the authentication of adulterated drugs traded with the same name in different herbal markets of district Lahore, Pakistan.
Foliar and stem epidermal anatomy of the tribe Cynoglosseae (Boraginaceae) and their taxonomic significance.
Genetic evidence for species cohesion, substructure and hybrids in spruce.
Fungal Keratitis: Epidemiology, Rapid Detection, and Antifungal Susceptibilities of Fusarium and Aspergillus Isolates from Corneal Scrapings.
Na+ and Cl- induce differential physiological, biochemical responses and metabolite modulations in vitro in contrasting salt-tolerant soybean genotypes.
Application of silicon nanoparticles in agriculture.
A Multidisciplinary Study to Evaluate the Anti-quorum Sensing Ability of Phyto-compounds in Ruellia patula Jacq.
Physiological and Transcriptome Analyses Reveal Short-Term Responses and Formation of Memory Under Drought Stress in Rice.
The Environment and Cyanophage Diversity: Insights From Environmental Sequencing of DNA Polymerase.
Ethnomedical Beliefs and Utilization of Alcohol Herbal Remedy for Malaria in South-Coastal Nigeria.
The Genome of the Fungal Pathogen Verticillium dahliae Reveals Extensive Bacterial to Fungal Gene Transfer.
Modification of drug-binding proteins associated with the efflux pump in MDR-MTB in course of evolution: an unraveled clue based on in silico approach.
UV-C irradiation compromises conidial germination, formation of appressoria, and induces transcription of three putative photolyase genes in the barley powdery mildew fungus, Blumeria graminis f. sp. hordei.
Different degrees of water-related stress affect evolutionary diversity in a seasonally dry biome.
Dissection of the network of indolic defence compounds in Arabidopsis thaliana by multiple mutant analysis.
Role of polyamines in plant growth regulation of Rht wheat mutants.
Alterations of root architecture and cell wall modifications in Tilia cordata Miller (Linden) growing on mining sludge.
Reproductive and dispersal strategies shape the diversity of mycobiont-photobiont association in Cladonia lichens.
Reforming uncultivated minds: The species transmutation debate and American science of life in the antebellum agricultural press, 1820-1859.
Biochemical characterization of peptidylarginine deiminase-like orthologs from thermotolerant Emericella dentata and Aspergillus nidulans.
Parallel in vitro and in silico investigations into anti-inflammatory effects of non-prenylated stilbenoids.
Purification and identification of an antioxidative peptide from peony (Paeonia suffruticosa Andr.) seed dreg.
A novel Kunitz protein with proposed dual function from Eudiplozoon nipponicum (Monogenea) impairs haemostasis and action of complement in vitro.
The modulatory effect of Artemisia annua L. on toll-like receptor expression in Acanthamoeba infected mouse lungs.
LIP4 Is Involved in Triacylglycerol Degradation in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
Are hydraulic patterns of lianas different from trees? New insights from Hedera helix.
Climate and symbioses with ants modulate leaf/stem scaling in epiphytes.
Application of metabolomics and molecular networking in investigating the chemical profile and antitrypanosomal activity of British bluebells (Hyacinthoides non-scripta).
Author Correction: Prioritizing phylogenetic diversity captures functional diversity unreliably.
Scaling up of levan yield in Bacillus subtilis M and cytotoxicity study on levan and its derivatives.
Protura are unique: first evidence of specialized feeding on ectomycorrhizal fungi in soil invertebrates.
Flavopereirine-An Alkaloid Derived from Geissospermum vellosii-Presents Leishmanicidal Activity In Vitro.
Salicylic acid as an effective elicitor for improved taxol production in endophytic fungus Pestalotiopsis microspora.
Haplotype-Phased Genome Assembly of Virulent Phytophthora ramorum Isolate ND886 Facilitated by Long-Read Sequencing Reveals Effector Polymorphisms and Copy Number Variation.
Combined use of biochar and zinc oxide nanoparticle foliar spray improved the plant growth and decreased the cadmium accumulation in rice (Oryza sativa L.) plant.
Statistically correlating NMR spectra and LC-MS data to facilitate the identification of individual metabolites in metabolomics mixtures.
Does fertilization explain the extraordinary hydraulic behaviour of apple trees?
Genome-wide characterization, molecular evolution and expression profiling of the metacaspases in potato (Solanum tuberosum L.).
Biotic interactions are an unexpected yet critical control on the complexity of an abiotically driven polar ecosystem.
High Improvement in Lactic Acid Productivity by New Alkaliphilic Bacterium Using Repeated Batch Fermentation Integrated with Increased Substrate Concentration.
Removing the no-analogue bias in modern accelerated tree growth leads to stronger medieval drought.
Overexpression of AtWRKY30 Transcription Factor Enhances Heat and Drought Stress Tolerance in Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Auxins and Cytokinins in Plant Development 2018.
Assessment of the Impact of Different Treatments on the Technological and Antifungal Properties of Papyrus (Cyperus Papyrus L.) Sheets.
Applications of the CRISPR/Cas9 System for Rice Grain Quality Improvement: Perspectives and Opportunities.
An Akania (Akaniaceae) inflorescence with associated pollen from the early Miocene of New Zealand.
Redox transients of P680 associated with the incremental chlorophyll-a fluorescence yield rises elicited by a series of saturating flashes in diuron-treated photosystem II core complex of Thermosynechococcus vulcanus.
AtU2AF65b functions in abscisic acid mediated flowering via regulating the precursor messenger RNA splicing of ABI5 and FLC in Arabidopsis.
Synthesis of trisaccharide repeating unit of fucosylated chondroitin sulfate.
Hydraulic traits are coordinated with maximum plant height at the global scale.
Gene flow improves fitness at a range edge under climate change.
Reply to: "Global conservation of phylogenetic diversity captures more than just functional diversity".
Lateral transfers of large DNA fragments spread functional genes among grasses.
Root enhancement in cytokinin-deficient oilseed rape causes leaf mineral enrichment, increases the chlorophyll concentration under nutrient limitation and enhances the phytoremediation capacity.
Long-term history of vehicle collisions on the endangered Nene (Branta sandvicensis).
Selenium protects wheat seedlings against salt stress-mediated oxidative damage by up-regulating antioxidants and osmolytes metabolism.
Pesticide mediated oxidative stress induces genotoxicity and disrupts chromatin structure in fenugreek (Trigonella foenum - graecum L.) seedlings.
Repeatability of thermal reaction norms for spontaneous locomotor activity in juvenile newts.
Pollution assessment and spatial distribution of roadside agricultural soils: a case study from India.
Bioaccumulation and translocation of nine heavy metals by Eichhornia crassipes in Nile Delta, Egypt: perspectives for phytoremediation.
Assessment of heavy metal pollution in water and surface sediment and evaluation of ecological risks associated with sediment contamination in the Ganga River: a basin-scale study.
Overexpression of OsFTL10 induces early flowering and improves drought tolerance in Oryza sativa L.
Hydroxyoleoside-type seco-iridoids from Symplocos cochinchinensis and their insulin mimetic activity.
Inhibition of Vesicular Transport Influences Fungal Susceptibility to Fluconazole.
Bioactivity evaluation and HPLC UV-VIS based quantification of antioxidant secondary metabolites from extract and fractions of Bistorta amplexicaulis rhizome.
Ameliorative effect of probiotics (Lactobacillus paracaseii and Protexin ) and prebiotics (propolis and bee pollen) on clindamycin and propionic acid-induced oxidative stress and altered gut microbiota in a rodent model of autism.
Identity blues: the ethnobotany of the indigo dyeing by Landian Yao (Iu Mien) in Yunnan, Southwest China.
Microstructural and Thermo-Physical Characterization of a Water Hyacinth Petiole for Thermal Insulation Particle Board Manufacture.
Phosphorus Concentration in Knee Joint Structures of Patients Following Replacement Surgery.
Applications of Non-destructive Technologies for Agricultural and Food Products Quality Inspection.
Chrysophanol: A Natural Anthraquinone with Multifaceted Biotherapeutic Potential.
Review of Ethnomedicinal, Phytochemical and Pharmacological Properties of Lannea schweinfurthii (Engl.) Engl.
Acylated Flavonoid Glycosides are the Main Pigments that Determine the Flower Colour of the Brazilian Native Tree Tibouchina pulchra (Cham.) Cogn.
Transcriptome Analysis of Chinese Chestnut (Castanea mollissima Blume) in Response to Dryocosmus kuriphilus Yasumatsu Infestation.
Antifungal, Antibacterial, and Antioxidant Activities of Acacia Saligna (Labill.) H. L. Wendl. Flower Extract: HPLC Analysis of Phenolic and Flavonoid Compounds.
Utilization of actinobacteria to enhance the production and quality of date palm (Phoenix dactylifera L.) fruits in a semi-arid environment.
Increasing atmospheric CO2 and canopy temperature induces anatomical and physiological changes in leaves of the C4 forage species Panicum maximum.
Reproduction of Eutropiichthys vacha (Schilbeidae) in the Ganges River (NW Bangladesh) with special reference to potential influence of climate variability.
Do the pattern and strength of species associations in ectoparasite communities conform to biogeographic rules?
Assessment of neural networks and time series analysis to forecast airborne Parietaria pollen presence in the Atlantic coastal regions.
Effective Role of Biochar, Zeolite and Steel Slag on Leaching Behavior of Cd and Its Fractionations in Soil Column Study.
Comparison of Microbial Communities in the Sediments and Water Columns of Frozen Cryoconite Holes in the McMurdo Dry Valleys, Antarctica.
Hydrogen Sulfide Protects Hyperhomocysteinemia-Induced Renal Damage by Modulation of Caveolin and eNOS Interaction.
Effect of rifampicin-colistin combination against XDR Acinetobacter baumannii harbouring blaOXA 23-like gene and showed reduced susceptibility to colistin at Cairo University Hospital, Cairo, Egypt.
Antioxidants and improved regrowth procedure facilitated cryoconservation of Paphiopedilum insigne Wall. Ex. Lindl. - An Endangered Slipper Orchid.
Light-induced stabilization of ACS contributes to hypocotyl elongation during the dark-to-light transition in Arabidopsis seedlings.
Garsubelone A, the First Dimeric Polycyclic Polyprenylated Acylphloroglucinols with Complicated Heptacyclic Architecture from Garcinia subelliptica.
A subcompatible rhizobium strain reveals infection duality in Lotus.
Helminthiases; prevalence, transmission, host-parasite interactions, resistance to common synthetic drugs and treatment.
Mechanistic insights into the evolution of DUF26-containing proteins in land plants.
Root imaging showing comparisons in root distribution and ontogeny in novel Festulolium populations and closely related perennial ryegrass varieties.
Taxonomic revision of Mcvaughia W.R.Anderson (Malpighiaceae): notes on vegetative and reproductive anatomy and the description of a new species.
Two unusual new species of Pleosporales: Anteaglonium rubescens and Atrocalyx asturiensis.
The Root Cap Cuticle: A Cell Wall Structure for Seedling Establishment and Lateral Root Formation.
Review: Microwave assisted extraction of phytochemicals an efficient and modern approach for botanicals and pharmaceuticals.
Comparative hepatoprotective effect of Nigella sativa pre- and post-treatment to rabbits.
Effect of different solvent extracted samples from the leaves and fruits of Datura stramonium on the growth of bacteria and fungi.
Antioxidant activity of an ethnobotanically important plant Quisqualis indica Linn.
Biochemical characterization of TyrA dehydrogenases from Saccharomyces cerevisiae (Ascomycota) and Pleurotus ostreatus (Basidiomycota).
Vanadium elicitation of Trifolium pratense L. cell culture and possible pathways of produced isoflavones transport across the plasma membrane.
Extreme heterogeneity of population response to climatic variation and the limits of prediction.
Mitochondrial Pyruvate Carriers Prevent Cadmium Toxicity by Sustaining the TCA Cycle and Glutathione Synthesis.
A Family of NAI2-Interacting Proteins in the Biogenesis of the ER Body and Related Structures.
Proteomic Analysis of the Effect of Inorganic and Organic Chemicals on Silver Nanoparticles in Wheat.
Overexpression of StDREB2 Transcription Factor Enhances Drought Stress Tolerance in Cotton (Gossypium barbadense L.).
Non-Toxic and Ultra-Small Biosilver Nanoclusters Trigger Apoptotic Cell Death in Fluconazole-Resistant Candida albicans via Ras Signaling.
Spatial and temporal dynamics of nutrients in riparian soils after nine years of operation of the Three Gorges Reservoir, China.
Real-time monitoring of water quality of stream water using sulfur-oxidizing bacteria as bio-indicator.
The role of chloroplasts in the oxidative stress that is induced by zearalenone in wheat plants - The functions of 24-epibrassinolide and selenium in the protective mechanisms.
Natural ecotype of Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Heynh (Chernobyl-07) respond to cadmium stress more intensively than the sensitive ecotypes Oasis and Columbia.
(+)- and (-)-Alternarilactone A: Enantiomers with a Diepoxy-Cage-like Scaffold from an Endophytic Alternaria sp.
Low temperature-induced aberrations in male and female reproductive organ development cause flower abortion in chickpea.
Regulation of a plant aquaporin by a Casparian strip membrane domain protein-like.
Investigation of the utility of Curcuma caesia in the treatment of diabetic neuropathy.
Embryotoxic and Teratogenic Effects of Tartrazine in Rats.
Ethnobotanical study of curative plants used by traditional healers to treat rhinitis in the Limpopo Province, South Africa.
Comparative evaluation of cytotoxic, antimicrobial and antioxidant activities of the crude extracts of three Plectranthus species grown in Saudi Arabia.
Unexpected population fragmentation in an endangered seabird: the case of the Peruvian diving-petrel.
Biosynthesis, Characterization and Biological Activities of Silver Nanoparticles from Pogostemon cablin Benth. Methanolic Leaf Extract.
Identification and expression analysis of strigolactone biosynthetic and signaling genes reveal strigolactones are involved in fruit development of the woodland strawberry (Fragaria vesca).
Application of quadrupole-Orbitrap high-resolution mass spectrometry in rapid screening and identification of synthetic dyes in herbal medicines.
Game theoretic model for lane changing: Incorporating conflict risks.
Aromatic constituents from Ganoderma lucidum and their neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory activities.
Anti-quorum sensing and anti-biofilm activities of Hypericum perforatum extracts against Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Rarity does not limit genetic variation or preclude subpopulation structure in the geographically restricted desert forb Astragalus lentiginosus var. piscinensis.
Elucidation of the Herbicidin Tailoring Pathway Offers Insights into Its Structural Diversity.
Foliar epidermal anatomical characteristics of taxa of Iris subg. Scorpiris Spach (Iridaceae) from Turkey.
Silicon-induced antioxidant defense and methylglyoxal detoxification works coordinately in alleviating nickel toxicity in Oryza sativa L.
Role of supplemental UV-B in changing the level of ozone toxicity in two cultivars of sunflower: growth, seed yield and oil quality.
Preliminary data on the presence of an alternate vanadium nitrogenase in a culturable cyanobiont of Azolla pinnata R. Brown: Implications on Chronic Kidney Disease of an unknown etiology (CKDu).
Sugar Sensing and Signaling in Candida albicans and Candida glabrata.
Fungal spore involvement in the resuspension of radiocaesium in summer.
Draft Genome Sequence of Chromatium okenii Isolated from the Stratified Alpine Lake Cadagno.
Extrachloroplastic PP7L Functions in Chloroplast Development and Abiotic Stress Tolerance.
Autonomic control of cardiovascular adjustments associated with orthostasis in the scansorial snake Boa constrictor.
A Traditional Medicine Plant, Onopordum acanthium L. (Asteraceae): Chemical Composition and Pharmacological Research.
Airborne Alternaria and Cladosporium fungal spores in Europe: Forecasting possibilities and relationships with meteorological parameters.
Evaluating the GHG mitigation-potential of alternate wetting and drying in rice through life cycle assessment.
Effect of foliar application of NPK nanoparticle fertilization on yield and genotoxicity in wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Evidence of a trans-kingdom plant disease complex between a fungus and plant-parasitic nematodes.
The long journey of Orthotrichum shevockii (Orthotrichaceae, Bryopsida): From California to Macaronesia.
Plant leaf tooth feature extraction.
Dynamics of secondary pollen presentation in Campanula medium (Campanulaceae).
Amelioration of nitrate uptake under salt stress by ectomycorrhiza with and without a Hartig net.
Determination of the absolute configurations of the stereogenic centers of ustilaginoidins by studying the biosynthetic monomers from a gene knockout mutant of Villosiclava virens.
QTL Underlying Circadian Clock Parameters Under Seasonally Variable Field Settings in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Bioactivity assessment of the Saudi Arabian Marine Streptomyces sp. Al-Dhabi-90, metabolic profiling and its in vitro inhibitory property against multidrug resistant and extended-spectrum beta-lactamase clinical bacterial pathogens.
Keeping or changing? Two different cultural adaptation strategies in the domestic use of home country food plant and herbal ingredients among Albanian and Moroccan migrants in Northwestern Italy.
Extreme levels of mycophilia documented in Mazovia, a region of Poland.
5-O-Acetyl-Renieramycin T from Blue Sponge Xestospongia sp. Induces Lung Cancer Stem Cell Apoptosis.
Life history is a key factor explaining functional trait diversity among subtropical grasses, and its influence differs between C3 and C4 species.
The Cedrus-associated truffle Trappeindia himalayensis is a morphologically unique and phylogenetically divergent species of Rhizopogon.
Specificity and seasonal prevalence of anther smut disease Microbotryum on sympatric Himalayan Silene species.
Multifaceted activity of cytokinin in leaf development shapes its size and structure in Arabidopsis.
The meiosis-specific APC activator FgAMA1 is dispensable for meiosis but important for ascosporogenesis in Fusarium graminearum.
Standards for distribution models in biodiversity assessments.
Twentieth century redistribution in climatic drivers of global tree growth.
Altered Gene Regulatory Networks Are Associated With the Transition From C3 to Crassulacean Acid Metabolism in Erycina (Oncidiinae: Orchidaceae).
Ethnobotanical knowledge among the semi-pastoral Gujjar tribe in the high altitude (Adhwari \' s) of Churah subdivision, district Chamba, Western Himalaya.
Rubber seed oil and flaxseed oil supplementation on serum fatty acid profile, oxidation stability of serum and milk, and immune function of dairy cows.
A study on the spatial and temporal variability in airborne Betula pollen concentration in five cities in Poland using multivariate analyses.
Geographic distance and soil microbial biomass carbon drive biogeographical distribution of fungal communities in Chinese Loess Plateau soils.
Tic22 from Anabaena sp. PCC 7120 with holdase function involved in outer membrane protein biogenesis shuttles between plasma membrane and Omp85.
A genome-wide association study reveals a novel regulator of ovule number and fertility in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Inoculation Method Impacts Symptom Development Associated with Diaporthe aspalathi, D. caulivora, and D. longicolla on Soybean (Glycine max).
Mosses in Low Earth Orbit: Implications for the Limits of Life and the Habitability of Mars.
Limits of Life and the Habitability of Mars: The ESA Space Experiment BIOMEX on the ISS.
Characterization of Viability of the Lichen Buellia frigida After 1.5 Years in Space on the International Space Station.
Publisher Correction: Stand age and species richness dampen interannual variation of ecosystem-level photosynthetic capacity.
Identification of diterpenoid compounds that interfere with Fli-1 DNA binding to suppress leukemogenesis.
Health benefits of resveratrol: Evidence from clinical studies.
The Invisible Burden of Chronic Fatigue in the Community: a Narrative Review.
Differential responses of stomatal kinetics and steady-state conductance to abscisic acid in a fern: comparison with a gymnosperm and an angiosperm.
Phospholipase D antagonist 1-butanol inhibited the mobilization of triacylglycerol during seed germination in Arabidopsis.
Factors limiting the recruitment of Quercus schottkyana, a dominant evergreen oak in SW China.
The complete plastome of Panax stipuleanatus: Comparative and phylogenetic analyses of the genus Panax (Araliaceae).
The first complete plastid genome of Burmannia disticha L. from the mycoheterotrophic monocot family Burmanniaceae.
Fast and abundant in vitro spontaneous haustorium formation in root hemiparasitic plant Pedicularis kansuensis Maxim. (Orobanchaceae).
Seasonal comparison of bacterial communities in rhizosphere of alpine cushion plants in the Himalayan Hengduan Mountains.
Physiological diversity of orchids.
Current understanding of maize and rice defense against insect herbivores.
The role of botanical gardens in scientific research, conservation, and citizen science.
Pollination ecology in China from 1977 to 2017.
Studies on diversity of higher fungi in Yunnan, southwestern China: A review.
Plant phylogenomics based on genome-partitioning strategies: Progress and prospects.
Taxonomy in the Kunming Institute of Botany (KIB): Progress during the past decade (2008-2018) and perspectives on future development.
Current progress and future prospects in phylofloristics.
A few words on our commemoration of 80 years at KIB.
Evaluating maize phenotype dynamics under drought stress using terrestrial lidar.
Unraveling the Developmental and Genetic Mechanisms Underpinning Floral Architecture in Proteaceae.
Perrottetiawichmaniorum (Dipentodontaceae), a new species from Kaua \' i, Hawaiian Islands.
An overview of grayanane diterpenoids and their biological activities from the Ericaceae family in the last seven years.
Antiobesity efficacy of asiatic acid: down-regulation of adipogenic and inflammatory processes in high fat diet induced obese rats.
The Mediator kinase module serves as a positive regulator of salicylic acid accumulation and systemic acquired resistance.
Two ICE isoforms showing differential transcriptional regulation by cold and hormones participate in Brassica juncea cold stress signaling.
[Mechanism of Paris Forrestii (Takht.) H. Li-Suppressing the Proliferation of Acute Myeloid Leukemia Cell Lines].
Greener synthesis of zinc oxide nanoparticles using Trianthema portulacastrum extract and evaluation of its photocatalytic and biological applications.
The antifungal and Cryptococcus neoformans virulence attenuating activity of Pelargonium sidoides extracts.
Ethnobotany of medicinal plants used by the Zeliangrong ethnic group of Manipur, northeast India.
Comparison of two DNA extraction methods widely used in aquatic microbial ecology.
Ecophysiolomic analysis of stress tolerant Himalayan shrub Hipppophae rhamnoides shows multifactorial acclimation strategies induced by diverse environmental conditions.
Prevalence and current therapy in chronic liver disorders.
Concerted expression of a cell cycle regulator and a metabolic enzyme from a bicistronic transcript in plants.
Tuning water-use efficiency and drought tolerance in wheat using abscisic acid receptors.
Alkali treated antioxidative crude polysaccharide from Russula alatoreticula potentiates murine macrophages by tunning TLR/NF-kappaB pathway.
Tribute to the Late Dr. Charles D. Hufford.
Volatiles Profiling, Allelopathic Activity, and Antioxidant Potentiality of Xanthium Strumarium Leaves Essential Oil from Egypt: Evidence from Chemometrics Analysis.
Plastid phylogenomic insights into the evolution of Caryophyllales.
Optimized small-molecule pull-downs define MLBP1 as an acyl-lipid-binding protein.
In vitro and in vivo toxicity assessment of biologically synthesized silver nanoparticles from Elaeodendron croceum.
Description of Sphingomonas mesophila sp. nov., isolated from Gastrodia elata Blume.
In vitro biodegradation potential of airborne Aspergilli and Penicillia.
Estriol Inhibits Dermcidin Isoform-2 Induced Inflammatory Cytokine Expression Via Nitric Oxide Synthesis in Human Neutrophil.
Responsiveness and Adaptation to Salt Stress of the REDOX-RESPONSIVE TRANSCRIPTION FACTOR 1 (RRTF1) Gene are Controlled by its Promoter.
Population Genetics of Calotropis gigantea, a Medicinal and Fiber Resource Plant, as Inferred from Microsatellite Marker Variation in two Native Countries.
Shepherd \' s Purse Polyphenols Exert Its Anti-Inflammatory and Antioxidative Effects Associated with Suppressing MAPK and NF-kappaB Pathways and Heme Oxygenase-1 Activation.
In silico studies on bacterial xylanase enzyme: Structural and functional insight.
Total phenolic and flavonoid contents and antioxidant activity of ginger (Zingiber officinale Rosc.) rhizome, callus and callus treated with some elicitors.
Callus mediated shoot organogenesis and regeneration of cytologically stable plants of Ledebouria revoluta: An ethnomedicinal plant with promising antimicrobial potency.
Phytochemical analysis, antioxidant and antimicrobial activity of wild and in vitro derived plants of Ceropegia thwaitesii Hook - An endemic species from Western Ghats, India.
Biodegradation of feather waste by keratinase produced from newly isolated Bacillus licheniformis ALW1.
Improvement of cellulose degradation by cloning of endo-beta-1, 3-1, 4 glucanase (bgls) gene from Bacillus subtilis BTN7A strain.
New species and records of Pyxine (Caliciaceae) in China.
Comparative transcriptomics approach in elucidation of carotenoid biosynthesis regulation in grains of rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Gas chromatography-Mass Spectra analysis and deleterious potential of fungal based polythene-degradation products.
Tracking the origin of two genetic components associated with transposable element bursts in domesticated rice.
Structural basis for blue-green light harvesting and energy dissipation in diatoms.
Fucoxanthin-Chlorophyll Protein Complexes of the Centric Diatom Cyclotella Meneghiniana Differ in Lhcx1 and Lhcx6_1 Content.
Colonization of intestinal microbiota with carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in paediatric intensive care units in Cairo, Egypt.
Hematoxylin assay of cupric chelation can give false positive results.
Toxicological analysis of Pb and Cd by ET AAS in local anaesthetics for teething (teething gels) based on herbs available in Polish pharmacies.
Phylogenomic analysis of cytochrome P450 multigene family and their differential expression analysis in Solanum lycopersicum L. suggested tissue specific promoters.
Chromosome rearrangements shape the diversification of secondary metabolism in the cyclosporin producing fungus Tolypocladium inflatum.
Anti-seasonal submergence dominates the structure and composition of prokaryotic communities in the riparian zone of the Three Gorges Reservoir, China.
Synthesis and structure-activity relationship studies of water-soluble beta-cyclodextrin-glycyrrhetinic acid conjugates as potential anti-influenza virus agents.
Phylogeography and conservation genetics of the endangered Tugarinovia mongolica (Asteraceae) from Inner Mongolia, Northwest China.
Ozone effects on plants in natural ecosystems.
Four new monoterpenoids from the whole plants of Valeriana stenoptera.
Nuclear Genome Size in Contrast to Sex Chromosome Number Variability in the Human Bed Bug, Cimex lectularius (Heteroptera: Cimicidae).
Surface wax esters contribute to drought tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Kalliope Papadopoulou.
Quantification of punicalagins in commercial preparations and pomegranate cultivars, by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Magneto-Priming Improved Nutraceutical Potential and Antimicrobial Activity of Momordica charantia L. Without Affecting Nutritive Value.
Enzymatic hydrolysis of tropical weed xylans using xylanase from Aureobasidium melanogenum PBUAP46 for xylooligosaccharide production.
Expression analysis of the polyphenol oxidase gene in response to signaling molecules, herbivory and wounding in antisense transgenic tobacco plants.
Optimization of Extraction Conditions for Determination of Tiliroside in Tilia L. Flowers Using an LC-ESI-MS/MS Method.
Oleander Stem and Root Standardized Extracts Mitigate Acute Hyperglycaemia by Limiting Systemic Oxidative Stress Response in Diabetic Mice.
Trolliusaustrosibiricus (Ranunculaceae), a new species from South Siberia.
Fungal Planet description sheets: 785-867.
Broad host range species in specialised pathogen groups should be treated with suspicion - a case study on Entyloma infecting Ranunculus.
Unravelling species boundaries in the Aspergillus viridinutans complex (section Fumigati): opportunistic human and animal pathogens capable of interspecific hybridization.
Towards an understanding of the genus Glutinoglossum with emphasis on the Glutinoglossum glutinosum species complex (Geoglossaceae, Ascomycota).
Extraction of diverse polyphenols in relation with storage periods of Citrus paradisi CV. Shamber through HPLC-DAD technique using different solvent.
The cytochrome P450 CYP6DE1 catalyzes the conversion of alpha-pinene into the mountain pine beetle aggregation pheromone trans-verbenol.
New indices for ethnotoxicological assessment of medicinal plants: example of Tafilalet region, Morocco.
Isotope ratio laser spectroscopy to disentangle xylem-transported from locally respired CO2 in stem CO2 efflux.
Cytorhizins A-D, Four Highly Structure-Combined Benzophenones from the Endophytic Fungus Cytospora rhizophorae.
Mowing mitigates the negative impacts of N addition on plant species diversity.
Biodiversity and ecosystem functioning in naturally assembled communities.
Corrigendum to "New biological activity of the polysaccharide fraction from Cantharellus cibarius and its structural characterization" [Food Chem. 268 (2018) 355-361].
Isolated and combined effects of elevated CO2 and high temperature on the whole-plant biomass and the chemical composition of soybean seeds.
Assessment of trace elements pollution in the sea ports of New South Wales (NSW), Australia using oysters as bioindicators.
Lycopene cyclases determine high alpha-/beta-carotene ratio and increased carotenoids in bananas ripening at high temperatures.
Ethnobotanical uses in the Ancona district (Marche region, Central Italy).
Qualitative and quantitative ethnobotanical study of the Pangkhua community in Bilaichari Upazilla, Rangamati District, Bangladesh.
Assessment of air pollution caused by illegal e-waste burning to evaluate the human health risk.
Modulation of the immune response and infection pattern to Leishmania donovani in visceral leishmaniasis due to arsenic exposure: An in vitro study.
Fluevirines E and F, two new alkaloids from Flueggea virosa.
AtBUD13 affects pre-mRNA splicing and is essential for embryo development in Arabidopsis.
Two new bioactive lignans from leaves and twigs of Cleistanthus concinnus Croizat.
Genotoxic assessment of selected native plants to deferentially exposed urban ecosystems.
Physiological mechanisms of aluminum (Al) toxicity tolerance in nitrogen-fixing aquatic macrophyte Azolla microphylla Kaulf: phytoremediation, metabolic rearrangements, and antioxidative enzyme responses.
Author Correction: The disease resistance protein SNC1 represses the biogenesis of microRNAs and phased siRNAs.
Fluctuating Light Interacts with Time of Day and Leaf Development Stage to Reprogram Gene Expression.
[Research and application progress of Lepidium meyenii(maca)].
Can Carob-Fruit-Extract-Enriched Meat Improve the Lipoprotein Profile, VLDL-Oxidation, and LDL Receptor Levels Induced by an Atherogenic Diet in STZ-NAD-Diabetic Rats?
Investigation of the Metabolic Profile and Toxigenic Variability of Fungal Species Occurring in Fermented Foods and Beverage from Nigeria and South Africa Using UPLC-MS/MS.
New insights into fumonisin production and virulence of Fusarium proliferatum underlying different carbon sources.
Alternative splicing coupled to nonsense-mediated mRNA decay contributes to the high-altitude adaptation of maca (Lepidium meyenii).
A census-based estimate of Earth \' s bacterial and archaeal diversity.
High-proline proteins in experimental hazy white wine produced from partially botrytized grapes.
Contrasting strategies of xylem formation between black spruce and balsam fir in Quebec, Canada.
A heuristic classification of woody plants based on contrasting shade and drought strategies.
Does climate-related in situ variability of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) needles have a genetic basis? Evidence from common garden experiments.
Functional Overlap of Long-Chain Acyl-CoA Synthetases in Arabidopsis.
Effects of temperature on the cuticular transpiration barrier of two desert plants with water-spender and water-saver strategies.
Extensive Reduction of the Nuclear Pore Complex in Nucleomorphs.
The role of fruit heteromorphism in the naturalization of Asteraceae.
Enset in Ethiopia: a poorly characterized but resilient starch staple.
Reversibly Assembled Electroconductive Hydrogel via a Host-Guest Interaction for 3D Cell Culture.
