[EPIDERMOID CARCINOMA IN THE NEOVAGINA OF A PATIENT WITH MAYER-ROKITANSKY-KUSTER-HAUSER SYNDROME. CASE REPORT AND LITERATURE REVIEW].
Bismuth-Based Nanomaterials: Recent Advances in Tumor Targeting and Synergistic Cancer Therapy Techniques.
Biochemical, serological, and genetic aspects related to gene HLA-DQB1 and its association with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM).
Reliable blood cancer cells \'  telomere length evaluation by qPCR.
Differential response to hepatic differentiation stimuli of amniotic epithelial cells isolated from four regions of the amniotic membrane.
Dysregulated TFR and TFH cells correlate with B-cell differentiation and antibody production in autoimmune hepatitis.
Studying human and nonhuman primate evolutionary biology with powerful in vitro and in vivo functional genomics tools.
Segregation of dispersed silica nanoparticles in microfluidic water in oil droplets : A kinetic study.
Potent anticancer efficacy of first-in-class Cu(II) and Au(III) metaled phosphorus dendrons with distinct cell death pathways.
Developmental Transcriptional Enhancers: A Subtle Interplay between Accessibility and Activity: Considering Quantitative Accessibility Changes between Different Regulatory States of an Enhancer Deconvolutes the Complex Relationship between Accessibility and Activity.
Multimodal Imaging With Positron Emission Tomography/Computed Tomography and Magnetic Resonance Imaging to Detect Extracapsular Extension in Head and Neck Cancer.
Antibody-mediated complement activation in pathology and protection.
Performance status and end-of-life care among adults with non-small cell lung cancer receiving immune checkpoint inhibitors.
A population-based study of testicular cancer risk among children and young adults from Norway and Utah, USA.
Cancer in Mozambique: Results from Two Population Based Cancer Registries.
Emerging therapies in sickle cell disease.
Aggressive FUS-Mutant Motor Neuron Disease Without Profound Spinal Cord Pathology.
OsMYB80 regulates anther development and pollen fertility by targeting multiple biological pathways.
Opioid Prescription Filling Trends Among Children with Sickle Cell Disease After the Release of State-Issued Guidelines on Pain Management.
Psychosocial screening in Sickle Cell Disease: Validation of the Psychosocial Assessment Tool.
Understanding Nickel Responses in Plants: More Than Just an Interaction with Iron Homeostasis.
Single cell transcriptome profiling of the human alcohol-dependent brain.
A novel homozygous mutation of phospholipase C zeta leading to defective human oocyte activation and fertilization failure.
Bacterial genes outnumber archaeal genes in eukaryotic genomes.
Statistical significance of cluster membership for unsupervised evaluation of single cell identities.
Effect of graphene between photoanode and sensitizer on the intramolecular and intermolecular electron transfer process.
Highly efficient photocontrolled targeted delivery of siRNA by a cyclodextrin-based supramolecular nanoassembly.
Selective inactivation of Gram-negative bacteria by carbon dots derived from natural biomass: Artemisia argyi leaves.
Deletion of Socs3 Expression in Aortic Smooth Muscle Cells Ameliorates Aortic Dissection.
Therapeutic Potentials of Localized Blood-Brain Barrier Disruption by Noninvasive Transcranial Focused Ultrasound: A Technical Review.
Evaluation of Bioactivities of Bovine Milk Osteopontin Using a Knockout Mouse Model.
MiR-4286/TGF-beta1/Smad3 negative feedback loop ameliorated vascular endothelial cell damage by attenuating apoptosis and inflammatory response.
Acute Sixth Nerve Palsy and Retinal Hemorrhages as the Presenting Features of Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Acquired lipodystrophy associated with immune checkpoint inhibitors.
Androgen Suppresses Hyperosmolarity-Induced Inflammatory Mediators in Human Corneal Epithelial Cells.
Current status and future directions of the use of novel immunotherapeutic agents in bladder cancer.
Utilizing Tragusotomy to Optimize External Auditory Meatus Access for Mohs Micrographic Surgery: A Novel Approach.
Erythrocyte adaptive metabolic reprogramming under physiological and pathological hypoxia.
Vascular elastic fiber heterogeneity in health and disease.
Challenges and opportunities for hepatitis B cure in the setting of HIV-hepatitis B virus co-infection.
A Novel SS18-SSX Fusion-specific Antibody for the Diagnosis of Synovial Sarcoma.
ANATOMICAL CHARACTERISTICS AND BIOLOGICAL ACTIVITY OF THE STEMS AND LEAVES OF DAPHNE ALBOWIANA WORONOW EX POBED.
ENDOCANNABINOIDS RECEPTORS MEDIATED CENTRAL AND PERIPHERAL EFFECTS (REVIEW).
NATURALLY-OCCURRING AUTOANTIBODIES TO HUMAN CHORIONIC GONADOTROPIN AND ITS SUBUNITS IN OVARIAN CYST PATIENTS.
THE EFFECT OF OXIDATIVE STRESS ON THE AUTONOMIC NERVOUS SYSTEM IN PATIENTS WITH LIVER CIRRHOSIS.
[THE SYSTEM OF SEROTONIN AND ITS METABOLISM IN PLATELETS IN CHILDREN WITH CONGENITAL HEART DEFECTS OF AN EARLY AGE].
[STEROID-INDUCED OSTEONECROSES OF FEMORAL HEAD].
Frizzled-2 small interfering RNA protects hepatic BRL-3A cells against Hypoxia / Reoxygenation via modulation of autophagy.
Mycoparasitism illuminated by genome and transcriptome sequencing of Coniothyrium minitans, an important biocontrol fungus of the plant pathogen Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
Nocardioides euryhalodurans sp. nov., Nocardioides seonyuensis sp. nov. and Nocardioides eburneiflavus sp. nov., isolated from soil.
Dengue virus non-structural protein 1 activates the p38 MAPK pathway to decrease barrier integrity in primary human endothelial cells.
Rare Histological Variants of Prostate Adenocarcinoma: A National Cancer Database Analysis.
High-fat Diet Alters the Glycosylation Patterns of Duodenal Mucins in a Murine Model.
Ocular phenotype of relaxin gene knock-out (Rln-/-) mice.
Letter to the Editor: Importance of B cells in response to placental ischemia.
Reply to "Letter to the Editor: Importance of B cells in response to placental ischemia".
OCEAN: a randomized Phase III study of melphalan flufenamide + dexamethasone to treat relapsed refractory multiple myeloma.
Mapping Hot Electron Response of Individual Gold Nanocrystals on a TiO2 Photoanode.
Renoprotective Mono- and Triterpenoids from the Fruit of Gardenia jasminoides.
Lipid-Lowering Effects and Intestinal Transport of Polyphenols Extract from Digested-Buckwheat in Caco-2/HepG2 Co-culture Models.
Studies of Thioamide Effects on Serine Protease Activity Enable Two-Site Stabilization of Cancer Imaging Peptides.
Incorporation of the Non-Proteinaceous Amino Acid beta-Methyl-Amino-Alanine Affects Amyloid beta Fibril Properties and Toxicity.
Influence of Water Contamination on the SEI Formation in Li-Ion Cells: An Operando EQCM-D Study.
Corrigendum.
Treatment of diabetic retinopathy through neuropeptide Y-mediated enhancement of neurovascular microenvironment.
Genome-edited adult stem cells: Next-generation advanced therapy medicinal products (ATMPs).
Simple Fabrication of Multicomponent Heterogeneous Fibers for Cell Co-Culture via Microfluidic Spinning.
Pregnancy-associated venous insufficiency course with placental and systemic oxidative stress.
Absence of Atg7 in the liver disturbed hepatic regeneration after liver injury.
Antibiotic tigecycline inhibits cell proliferation, migration and invasion via down-regulating CCNE2 in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
FAM46C controls antibody production by the polyadenylation of immunoglobulin mRNAs and inhibits cell migration in multiple myeloma.
Aedes aegypti lachesin protein binds to the domain III of envelop protein of Dengue virus-2 and inhibits viral replication.
Molecular mechanism of curcumin action in signaling pathways: Review of the latest research.
Antiproliferative evaluation of some 2-(2-Styrylcyclopent-3-enyl) benzo[d]thiazoles: DFT and molecular docking study.
Harnessing Endogenous Formate for Antibacterial Prodrug Activation via in cellulo Ruthenium-mediated Transfer Hydrogenation Reaction.
ADAMTSL6beta promotes fibrillin-1 microfibril assembly, which is possibly mediated via binding through the third thrombospondin type I domain to fibrillin-1.
Skullcapflavone I has a potent anti-pancreatic cancer activity by targeting miR-23a.
Lycium barbarum polysaccharide protects against ethanol-induced spermiotoxicity and testicular degeneration in Immp2l+/- mice.
Modulation of Notch1 signaling regulates bone fracture healing.
Optimising adjacent membrane segmentation and parameterisation in multi-cellular aggregates by piecewise active contours.
Phase 1 Study of Epacadostat in Combination With Atezolizumab for Patients With Previously Treated Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Treatment of relapsed/refractory paediatric aggressive B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Clinicopathological and survival analyses of primary cutaneous angiosarcoma in an Asian population: prognostic value of the clinical features of skin lesions.
Discovery and analysis the anti-pseudo-allergic components from Perilla frutescens leaves by overexpressed MRGPRX2 cell membrane chromatography coupled with HPLC-ESI-IT-TOF system.
Blue light induces major changes in the gene expression profile of the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
MiR-20a ameliorates diabetic angiopathy in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats by regulating intracellular antioxidant enzymes and VEGF.
S-allyl cysteine protects retinal pigment epithelium cells from hydroquinone-induced apoptosis through mitigating cellular response to oxidative stress.
Zoledronic acid accelerates osteogenesis of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells by attenuating oxidative stress via the SIRT3/SOD2 pathway and thus alleviates osteoporosis.
The role of quinazoline in ameliorating intervertebral disc degeneration by inhibiting oxidative stress and anti-inflammation via NF-kappaB/MAPKs signaling pathway.
Relationship between inflammatory factors and arrhythmia and heart rate variability in OSAS patients.
MiR-135a regulates renal fibrosis in rats with diabetic kidney disease through the Notch pathway.
The potential mechanism of INHBC and CSF1R in diabetic nephropathy.
LncRNA ANRIL regulates cell proliferation and migration via sponging miR-339-5p and regulating FRS2 expression in atherosclerosis.
HSF1 promotes the viability of islet beta-cells via upregulating SIRPalpha expression.
Circular RNA circ_0017247 promotes melanoma migration and invasion via targeting miR-145.
MicroRNA-29b promotes cell sensitivity to Temozolomide by targeting STAT3 in glioma.
LncRNA AK024094 aggravates the progression of breast cancer through regulating miRNA-181a.
Up-regulation of SNHG15 facilitates cell proliferation, migration, invasion and suppresses cell apoptosis in breast cancer by regulating miR-411-5p/VASP axis.
Circular RNA hsa_circ_0008039 promotes proliferation, migration and invasion of breast cancer cells through upregulating CBX4 via sponging miR-515-5p.
Identification of lung adenocarcinoma-specific exosome RNAs in peripheral blood by RNA-Seq analysis.
LncRNA ASB16-AS1 promotes proliferation and inhibits apoptosis of non small cell lung cancer cells by activating the Wnt/beta catenin signaling pathway.
Circular RNA_LARP4 inhibits the progression of non-small-cell lung cancer by regulating the expression of SMAD7.
Long non-coding RNA MALAT1 regulates proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion via miR-374b-5p/SRSF7 axis in non-small cell lung cancer.
Circular RNA hsa_circ_0012673 facilitates lung cancer cell proliferation and invasion via miR-320a/LIMK18521 axis.
TM4SF1 facilitates non-small cell lung cancer progression through regulating YAP-TEAD pathway.
LncRNA INHBA-AS1 promotes cell growth, migration, and invasion of oral squamous cell carcinoma by sponging miR-143-3p.
LINC01116 promotes the proliferation and inhibits the apoptosis of gastric cancer cells.
Metabolites of intestinal microflora upregulate miR-192-5p to suppress proliferation of colon cancer cells via RhoA-ROCK-LIMK2 pathway.
MiR-130a regulating the biological function of colon cancer by targeting inhibition of PTEN.
MiRNA-802 inhibits the metastasis of colorectal cancer by targeting FOXE1.
LncRNA MIR4435-2HG contributes into colorectal cancer development and predicts poor prognosis.
Downregulated LINC00628 aggravates the progression of colorectal cancer via inhibiting p57 level.
Circ_0001982 accelerates the progression of colorectal cancer via sponging microRNA-144.
CircDDX17 reduces 5-fluorouracil resistance and hinders tumorigenesis in colorectal cancer by regulating miR-31-5p/KANK1 axis.
Circular RNA circ-SMAD7 is downregulated in colorectal cancer and suppresses tumor metastasis by regulating epithelial mesenchymal transition.
Circ_0009910 promotes proliferation and metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma cells through miR-335-5p/ROCK1 axis.
LncRNA SNHG16 functions as an oncogene by sponging miR-200a-3p in pancreatic cancer.
PKCalpha and Netrin-1/UNC5B positive feedback control in relation with chemical therapy in bladder cancer.
CircAGFG1 aggravates the progression of cervical cancer by downregulating p53.
MicroRNA 1301 inhibits cisplatin resistance in human ovarian cancer cells by regulating EMT and autophagy.
LncRNA LUCAT1 promotes proliferation of ovarian cancer cells by regulating miR-199a-5p expression.
Regulatory mechanism of lncRNA NORAD on proliferation and invasion of ovarian cancer cells through miR-199a-3p.
Clinical significance of SLP-2 in epithelial ovarian cancer and its regulatory effect on the Notch signaling pathway.
Targeting EZH2 by microRNA-449a inhibits osteosarcoma cell proliferation, invasion and migration via regulation of PI3K/AKT signaling pathway and epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Synovial mesenchymal stem cells effectively alleviate osteoarthritis through promoting the proliferation and differentiation of meniscus chondrocytes.
Effect of miR-26b on gestational diabetes mellitus in rats via PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
The FSH-HIF-1alpha-VEGF pathway is critical for ovulation and oocyte health but not necessary for follicular growth in mice.
DHA inhibits Gremlin-1-induced epithelial-to-mesenchymal transitionvia ERK suppression in human breast cancer cells.
A gatekeeping role of ESR2 to maintain the primordial follicle reserve.
Essential role of syntaxin-binding protein-1 in the regulation of glucagon-like peptide-1 secretion.
Chromosomal mosaicism in human blastocysts: the ultimate diagnostic dilemma.
20(S)-ginsenoside Rh2 as agent for treatment of LMN-CRC via regulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Immune cell infiltration-based signature for prognosis and immunogenomic analysis in breast cancer.
Dietary polyunsaturated fat intake in relation to head and neck, esophageal, and gastric cancer incidence in the NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study.
Inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta improves cognitive function in aged mice by upregulating claudin presences in cerebral endothelial cells.
Sarcoidosis and the alpha chemokine MIG.
Physiological Responses to Induced Stress in Individuals Affected by Alcohol Use Disorder with Dual Diagnosis and Alexithymia.
Cooperation and interplay between base and nucleotide excision repair pathways: From DNA lesions to proteins.
Maternal transmission of mitochondrial diseases.
Combining canine mesenchymal stromal cells and hyaluronic acid for cartilage repair.
Homo- and heteroleptic trimethoxy terpyridine-Cu(ii) complexes: synthesis, characterization, DNA/BSA binding, DNA cleavage and cytotoxicity studies.
Reagent controlled stereoselective synthesis of teichoic acid alpha-(1,2)-glucans.
Low-cost microphysiological systems: feasibility study of a tape-based barrier-on-chip for small intestine modeling.
Self-responsive co-delivery system for remodeling tumor intracellular microenvironment to promote PTEN-mediated anti-tumor therapy.
5-Heptadecylresorcinol attenuates oxidative damage and mitochondria-mediated apoptosis through activation of the SIRT3/FOXO3a signaling pathway in neurocytes.
Initiation of protective autophagy in hepatocytes by gold nanorod core/silver shell nanostructures.
A smartphone-based biomedical sensory system.
Isoliquiritigenin exerts antioxidative and anti-inflammatory effects via activating the KEAP-1/Nrf2 pathway and inhibiting the NF-kappaB and NLRP3 pathways in carrageenan-induced pleurisy.
Anti-Alzheimer \' s disease activity of secondary metabolites from Xanthoceras sorbifolia Bunge.
How to integrate stereotactic body radiation therapy and hypofractionation in the management of stage III lung cancer in the age of immunotherapy.
Identification of 2 Potential Core Genes for Influence of Gut Probiotics on Formation of Intracranial Aneurysms by Bioinformatics Analysis.
Replicating landmine blast loading in cellular &lt;i&gt;in Vitro&lt;/i&gt; models.
Identification of a novel autoantibody against heat shock factor 1 in idiopathic inflammatory myopathy.
Remission of collagen-induced arthritis by adoptive transfer of peritoneal cells.
AGT, targeted by miR-149-5p, promotes IL-6-induced inflammatory responses of chondrocytes in osteoarthritis via activating JAK2/STAT3 pathway.
Synthesis, Molecular Docking and Biological Evaluation of Novel Flavone Derivatives as Potential Anticancer Agents Targeting Akt.
Synthesis and structure-activity relationship of aminoarylthiazole derivatives as potential potentiators of the chloride transport defect in cystic fibrosis.
MiR-509-3-5p-NONHSAT112228.2 Axis Regulates p21 and Suppresses Proliferation and Migration of Lung Cancer Cells.
Gene Therapy Approaches in an Autoimmune Demyelinating Disease: Multiple Sclerosis.
Antioxidant Proteins Identification Based on Support Vector Machine.
The Role of Ubiquitin E3 Ligase in Atherosclerosis.
Antioxidant activity and absorption of cyanidin-3-O-glucoside liposomes in GES-1 cells in vitro.
Impact of glioblastoma multiforme associated mutations on the structure and function of MAP/Microtubule affinity regulating kinase 4.
Mechanism of pH-induced conformational changes in MurE ligase obtained from Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi.
Nbr1-regulated autophagy in Lactoferrin-induced osteoblastic differentiation.
Promoter hypermethylation of PIWI/piRNA pathway genes associated with diminished pachytene piRNA production in bovine hybrid male sterility.
Comparison of a closed system and an open system for blood collection in feline donors.
The role of interleukin 4 and IL-4RA in intervertebral disc degeneration: investigation of single nucleotide polymorphisms in genes and a systematic review &amp; meta-analysis of IL-4 expression level.
Role of interspecies bacterial communication in the virulence of pathogenic bacteria.
Targeting macrophages: a novel avenue for cancer drug discovery.
Phagocytosis: Phenotypically Simple Yet a Mechanistically Complex Process.
The role of vasopressin V1A and oxytocin OTR receptors in protective effects of arginine vasopressin against H2O2-induced oxidative stress in H9C2 cells.
Exosomes derived from miR-544-modified mesenchymal stem cells promote recovery after spinal cord injury.
Association between red blood cell distribution width and long-term mortality among patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with previous history of cancer.
The post-treatment neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio and changes in this ratio predict survival after treatment of stage III non-small-cell lung cancer with conventionally fractionated radiotherapy.
Ibrutinib in primary central nervous system diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Two new triterpenoids from the leaves and stems of Lantana camara.
Clinical therapeutic efficacy of mesenchymal stem cells derived from adipose or bone marrow for knee osteoarthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Isolation, Absolute Configuration, and Biological Activities of Chebulic Acid and Brevifolincarboxylic Acid Derivatives from Euphorbia hirta.
Engineered pH-Responsive Mesoporous Carbon Nanoparticles for Drug Delivery.
Influence of Perovskite Interface Morphology on the Photon Management in Perovskite/Silicon Tandem Solar Cells.
An Alternative Dendritic Cell-Induced Murine Model of Asthma Exhibiting a Robust Th2/Th17-Skewed Response.
Oxidative Stress Modulates the Expression Pattern of Peroxiredoxin-6 in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells of Asthmatic Patients and Bronchial Epithelial Cells.
Role of IL-17A in Chronic Rhinosinusitis With Nasal Polyp.
Understanding the Molecular Mechanisms of Asthma through Transcriptomics.
Innate Lymphoid Cells in the Airways: Their Functions and Regulators.
Evaluation of the Toxicity of Sugammadex in Zebrafish Larvae.
Three-dimensional mapping of the attenuation coefficient in optical coherence tomography to enhance breast tissue micro-architecture contrast.
KCML: a machine-learning framework for inference of multi-scale gene functions from genetic perturbation screens.
Tracking Drug-Induced Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition in Breast Cancer by a Microfluidic Surface-Enhanced Raman Spectroscopy Immunoassay.
"All-in-One" Gel System for Whole Procedure of Stem-Cell Amplification and Tissue Engineering.
Synthesis and Antiproliferative Activities of Novel Substituted 5-Anilino-alpha-Glucofuranose Derivatives.
Natural and grafted cyclotides in cancer therapy: An insight.
Herpes zoster granulomatous dermatitis in metastatic lung cancer treated with nivolumab: A case report.
Lignans and Terpenoids from the Leaves of Schisandra chinensis.
SIRT2-dependent IDH1 deacetylation inhibits colorectal cancer and liver metastases.
Mitochondrial Ribosomal Protein S9M is Involved in Male Gametogenesis and Seed Development in Arabidopsis.
5-[2-(N-(substituted phenyl) acetamide)] amino-1, 3, 4-thiadiazole -2-sulfonamides as selective carbonic anhydrase II inhibitor with neuroprotective effects.
Mcl1 protein levels and Caspase-7 executioner protease control axial organizer cells survival.
Carbamate derivatives of colchicine show potent activity towards primary acute lymphoblastic leukemia and primary breast cancer cells-in vitro and ex vivo study.
Acute hemolytic reaction due to A-B mismatched transfusion in a cat with transient AB blood type.
New genetic variations discovered in KRAS wild-type cetuximab resistant chinese colorectal cancer patients.
Intravascular Follistatin gene delivery improves glycemic control in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
Binding Zinc Ions by Carboxyl Groups from Adjacent Molecules toward Long-Life Aqueous Zinc-Organic Batteries.
Deletion of hypoxia-responsive microRNA-210 results in a sex-specific decrease in nephron number.
Protein S-glutathionylation stimulate adipogenesis by stabilizing C/EBPbeta in 3T3L1 cells.
An in-vitro mechanical strain three-dimensional culture model: periodontal ligament cell viability, apoptosis, and endoplasmic reticulum stress response.
Antagonist of nucleolin, N6L, inhibits neovascularization in mouse models of retinopathies.
Iron Alters Ca2+ Homeostasis in Doxorubicin-Resistant K562 Cells.
Overexpression of long non-coding RNA RP11-363E7.4 inhibits proliferation and invasion in gastric cancer.
Primary cutaneous anaplastic large cell lymphoma with rapid liver infiltration after spontaneous resolution of the primary lesion.
Dibutyltin alters immune cell production of the pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL) 1beta and IL-6: role of mitogen-activated protein kinases and changes in mRNA.
PTPN14, a target gene of miR-4295, restricts the growth and invasion of osteosarcoma cells through inactivation of YAP1 signaling.
Verrucous skin lesion caused by neuropathy misdiagnosed as squamous cell carcinoma and treated with amputation surgery.
Differential expression of five prosomatostatin genes in the central nervous system of the catshark Scyliorhinus canicula.
Mode of anesthesia for cesarean delivery with pernicious placenta previa - a retrospective study.
The effect of lymph node metastasis on overall survival and disease-free survival in vulvar cancer patients.
Efficacy and prognostic factors of concurrent chemoradiotherapy in patients with stage Ib3 and IIa2 cervical cancer.
Imaging of head and neck lipoblastoma: case report and systematic review.
Reviewing the Role of Ultra-Widefield Imaging in Inherited Retinal Dystrophies.
Intracranial Pressure Threshold Heuristics in Traumatic Brain Injury: One, None, Many!
Prevalence of CD8+ cytotoxic lymphocytes in human neoplasms.
Curcumin augments therapeutic efficacy of TRAIL-based immunotoxins in leukemia.
Appraisal of disease-modifying potential of amlodipine as an anti-arthritic agent: new indication for an old drug.
Isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ)-based proteomic analysis of mRNA splicing relevant proteins in aging HSPCs.
Characteristics of toxin production and release in Microcystis aeruginosa exposed to three tetracycline antibiotics.
Coronary artery calcium burden, carotid atherosclerotic plaque burden, and myocardial blood flow in patients with end-stage renal disease: A non-invasive imaging study combining PET/CT and 3D ultrasound.
Locally Advanced, Unresectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Acute rejection after liver transplantation is less common, but predicts better prognosis in HBV-related hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
Dysfunctional Immunometabolism in HIV Infection: Contributing Factors and Implications for Age-Related Comorbid Diseases.
Associations between genetic variants of the insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) gene and growth traits in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax, L.).
Alpinia oxyphylla-Schisandra chinensis Herb Pair Alleviates Amyloid-beta Induced Cognitive Deficits via PI3K/Akt/Gsk-3beta/CREB Pathway.
Assessment of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rtPA) toxicity in cultured neural cells and subsequent treatment with poly-arginine peptide R18D.
Attenuation of Acute Intracerebral Hemorrhage-Induced Microglial Activation and Neuronal Death Mediated by the Blockade of Metabotropic Glutamate Receptor 5 In Vivo.
Dilemma and Challenge of Immunotherapy for Pancreatic Cancer.
Evidence that TNF-beta suppresses osteoblast differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells and resveratrol reverses it through modulation of NF-kappaB, Sirt1 and Runx2.
Porcine model for the study of sperm capacitation, fertilization and male fertility.
Population pharmacokinetics of busulfan in Saudi pediatric patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Silencing of circFoxO3 Protects HT22 Cells from Glutamate-Induced Oxidative Injury via Regulating the Mitochondrial Apoptosis Pathway.
Mean platelet volume to lymphocyte ratio may not be a marker for overall survival in non-metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma patients treated with nephrectomy.
Anticancer Effects of Herbal Medicine Compounds and Novel Formulations: a Literature Review.
Risk factors associated with early viral reactivation following haploidentical hematopoietic cell transplantation with post-transplant cyclophosphamide: a pilot study.
How to treat myelodysplastic syndrome with clinical features resembling Behcet syndrome: a case-based systematic review.
High levels of proinflammatory cytokines IL-6 and IL-8 are associated with a poor clinical outcome in sickle cell anemia.
Clinical outcomes and prognostic factors in patients with multiple myeloma in South Tyrol: a retrospective single-center analysis.
Phase 1b/2a study of galunisertib, a small molecule inhibitor of transforming growth factor-beta receptor I, in combination with standard temozolomide-based radiochemotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed malignant glioma.
Effect of nanoscale bioactive glass with radial spherical particles on osteogenic differentiation of rat bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells.
Altered expression of apoptosis-related, circulating cell-free miRNAs in children with familial Mediterranean fever: a cross-sectional study.
Gold nanoparticles enhance immune responses in mice against recombinant classical swine fever virus E2 protein.
Development of a sensitive monoclonal antibody-based sandwich ELISA to detect Vip3Aa in genetically modified crops.
IL33 activates CD8+T and NK cells through MyD88 pathway to suppress the lung cancer cell growth in mice.
Immunoregulation and antioxidant activities of a novel acidic polysaccharide from Radix Paeoniae Alba.
Cancer treatment in disabled children.
Kinetic modeling of 68Ga-PSMA-11 and validation of simplified methods for quantification in primary prostate cancer patients.
Functionalized Folate-Modified Graphene Oxide/PEI siRNA Nanocomplexes for Targeted Ovarian Cancer Gene Therapy.
MicroRNA-216a inhibits neuronal apoptosis in a cellular Parkinson \' s disease model by targeting Bax.
Localization of claudin-2 and claudin-3 in eutopic and ectopic endometrium is highly similar.
Patient attitudes towards brain donation across both neurodegenerative and non-neurodegenerative neurological disorders.
Free fatty acid receptor 4 activation protects against choroidal neovascularization in mice.
Activity-modulated phase transition in a two-dimensional mixture of active and passive colloids.
Role of susceptibility-weighted imaging and intratumoral susceptibility signals in grading and differentiating pediatric brain tumors at 1.5 T: a preliminary study.
Mitochondrial noncoding RNA-regulatory network in cardiovascular disease.
Genome-wide identification of the NPR1-like gene family in Brassica napus and functional characterization of BnaNPR1 in resistance to Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
Outcomes associated with immune-related adverse events in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer treated with nivolumab: a pooled exploratory analysis from a global cohort.
Modulation of Transient Receptor Potential Channels 3 and 6 Regulates Osteoclast Function with Impact on Trabecular Bone Loss.
A revalidation and critique of assumptions about urinary sample collection methods, specimen quality and contamination.
[Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy or chemotherapy for locally advanced esophageal cancer?]
Crystal structures of human NSDHL and development of its novel inhibitor with the potential to suppress EGFR activity.
The SF3b complex: splicing and beyond.
PX Domain-Containing Kinesin KIF16B and Microtubule-Dependent Intracellular Movements.
Pregnant rats exposed to low-level methylmercury exhibit cerebellar synaptic and neuritic remodeling during the perinatal period.
Yeast engineered translucent cell wall to provide its endosymbiont cyanobacteria with light.
Inflammation triggered by saturated fat ingestion is linked to insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism in PCOS.
Metabolic and immunologic control of intestinal cell function by mTOR.
Capturing RNA-protein interaction via CRUIS.
Wnt/beta-catenin signaling as an emerging potential key pharmacological target in cholangiocarcinoma.
Rapid evaluation of gold nanoparticle-lipid membrane interactions using a lipid/polydiacetylene vesicle sensor.
Multi-scale microporous silica microcapsules from gas-in water-in oil emulsions.
Revealing the redox status in endoplasmic reticulum by a selenium fluorescence probe.
A comprehensive overview of the medicinal chemistry of antifungal drugs: perspectives and promise.
Imaging and histopathologic correlates of plasma cell-free DNA concentration and circulating tumor DNA in adult patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma.
Duplication of clostridial binding domains for enhanced macromolecular delivery into neurons.
Evaluating the impact of post-trial implementation of RHIVA nurse-led HIV screening on HIV testing, diagnosis and earlier diagnosis in general practice in London, UK.
Pirfenidone Is an Agonistic Ligand for PPARalpha and Improves NASH by Activation of SIRT1/LKB1/pAMPK.
The Transcription Factor Promyelocytic Leukemia Zinc Finger Protein Is Associated With Expression of Liver-Homing Receptors on Human Blood CD56bright Natural Killer Cells.
mTOR pathway somatic variants and the molecular pathogenesis of hemimegalencephaly.
ROS and oxidative burst: Roots in plant development.
Clonal Hematopoiesis: A New Step Linking Inflammation to Heart Failure.
Genetic Deletion of Socs3 in Smooth Muscle Cells Ameliorates Aortic Dissection in Mice.
Reduced Left Atrial Emptying Fraction and Chymase Activation in Pathophysiology of Primary Mitral Regurgitation.
Rapidly progressive streptococcus dysgalactiae corneal ulceration associated with erlotinib use in stage IV lung cancer.
Glial cell ecology in zebrafish development and regeneration.
Association of promoter methylation of RASSF1A and KRAS mutations in non-small cell lung carcinoma in Kashmiri population (India).
Human papillomavirus type 16 and 18 viral loads as predictors associated with abnormal cervical cytology among women in Saudi Arabia.
Circulating S100A8/A9 is potentially a biomarker that could reflect the severity of experimental colitis in rats.
Self assembled arjunolic acid acts as a smart weapon against cancer through TNF- alpha mediated ROS generation.
A colorimetric bioassay for quantitation of both basal and insulin-induced glucose consumption in 3T3-L1 adipose cells.
Science that Inspires.
A proposed reverse transcription mechanism for (CAG)n and similar expandable repeats that cause neurological and other diseases.
Correlation of normal lung density changes with dose after stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) for early stage lung cancer.
Synergic effects of exercise training and octopamine on peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator -1a and uncoupling protein 1 mRNA in heart tissue of rat treated with deep frying oil.
Uncovering the Anticancer Potential of Murine Cytomegalovirus against Human Colon Cancer Cells.
Etosis, rather than apoptosis or cell proliferation, typifies thrombus progression - An immunohistochemical study of coronary aspirates.
Selection of HER2/NEU negative tumor cells as a mechanism of resistance to trastuzumab in uterine serous carcinoma.
Rapid regression of microsatellite instability-high/programmed cell death ligand 1-negative recurrent endometrial carcinoma by immune checkpoint blockade with pembrolizumab: A case report and literature review.
Primary peritoneal clear cell carcinoma. A case report and literature review.
Epithelial sheath neuroma: A case series.
Multiple tender bluish nodules.
Dataset of mountain pine beetle outbreak dynamics and direct control in Cypress Hills, SK.
Independent regulation of tumorigenesis and fibrosis in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Next generation in vitro primary hepatic cell test systems-their suitability as an alternative to in vivo testing?
GATA4 Is Required for Budding Morphogenesis of Posterior Foregut Endoderm in a Model of Human Stomach Development.
Inhibited Maternal Bone Resorption Suppress Fetal Rat Bone Development During Pregnancy.
Editorial: Epigenetic Regulation of Stem Cell Plasticity in Tissue Regeneration and Disease.
Multiparametric Optical Bioimaging Reveals the Fate of Epoxy Crosslinked Biomeshes in the Mouse Subcutaneous Implantation Model.
The Integrated Transcriptome Bioinformatics Analysis Identifies Key Genes and Cellular Components for Spinal Cord Injury-Related Neuropathic Pain.
Hemispherical Cell-Inspired Soft Actuator.
Optimizing the Pharmacological Properties of Discoidal Polymeric Nanoconstructs Against Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Cells.
Progression of HIV Disease Among Patients on ART in Ethiopia: Application of Longitudinal Count Models.
Corrigendum: Endothelial Progenitor and Mesenchymal Stromal Cells in Newborns With Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Undergoing Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation.
The Gut-Lung Axis in Health and Respiratory Diseases: A Place for Inter-Organ and Inter-Kingdom Crosstalks.
Role of mTOR and VEGFR Inhibition in Prevention of Metastatic Tumor Growth in the Spine.
Primary Cutaneous Gamma-Delta T-Cell Lymphoma With Long-Term Indolent Clinical Course Initially Mimicking Lupus Erythematosus Profundus.
Identification of a novel 1,2 oxazine that can induce apoptosis by targeting NF-kappaB in hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Bio-selective hormonal breast cancer cytotoxic and antioxidant potencies of Melia azedarach L. wild type leaves.
A method to dissolve 3-MCPD mono- and di-esters in aqueous cell culture media.
Identification of fungal enzymes involving 3-phenoxybenzoic acid degradation by using enzymes inhibitors and inducers.
A protocol for metabolic characterization of human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes (iPS-CM).
Some Plant Defense Stimulators can induce IL-1beta production in human immune cells in vitro.
Use of LUCS (Light-Up Cell System) as an alternative live cell method to predict human acute oral toxicity.
Vesical schistosomiasis and squamous cell carcinoma associated with schistosoma haematobium: A re-emerging neglected tropical disease in Tehran, Iran.
Salvage robotic transmesenteric off-clamp partial nephrectomy after multiple prior open kidney surgeries.
GOT SHINGLES? TEST FOR HIV. Severe shingles as first presenting infection in HIV/AIDS patient.
Endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspiration under non-invasive positive pressure for the diagnosis of lung metastasis due to renal cell carcinoma in a patient with respiratory failure.
Endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspirate for diagnosis of anaplastic large cell lymphoma of unusual presentation: A case report.
Reimaging biological barriers affecting distribution and extravasation of PEG/peptide- modified liposomes in xenograft SMMC7721 tumor.
Targeting peptide-decorated biomimetic lipoproteins improve deep penetration and cancer cells accessibility in solid tumor.
Novel small molecule retrograde transport blocker confers post-exposure protection against ricin intoxication.
Discovery of a highly selective VEGFR2 kinase inhibitor CHMFL-VEGFR2-002 as a novel anti-angiogenesis agent.
Protective role of berberine on ulcerative colitis through modulating enteric glial cells-intestinal epithelial cells-immune cells interactions.
Repurposing antimycotic ciclopirox olamine as a promising anti-ischemic stroke agent.
Therapeutic strategies for the costimulatory molecule OX40 in T-cell-mediated immunity.
Selective phytochemicals targeting pancreatic stellate cells as new anti-fibrotic agents for chronic pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer.
Disturbed Yin-Yang balance: stress increases the susceptibility to primary and recurrent infections of herpes simplex virus type 1.
Identification of the key genes involved in the regulation of symbiotic pathways induced by Metarhizium anisopliae in peanut (Arachis hypogaea) roots.
Associations and Outcomes Between Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy and Vasculitis in Adult Patients.
Lafora Disease: Report of a Rare Entity.
Mild Hypofractionated Radiation Therapy for Merkel Cell Carcinoma.
The Intraosseous Dysfunction in the Osteopathic Perspective: Mechanisms Implicating the Bone Tissue.
Investigation of the Sensitivity and Specificity of Laboratory Tests Used in Differential Diagnosis of Childhood Brucellosis.
Monitoring the training dose and acute fatigue response during elbow flexor resistance training using a custom-made resistance band.
Progress of research into circular RNAs in urinary neoplasms.
Seasonal variability and vertical distribution of autotrophic and heterotrophic picoplankton in the Central Red Sea.
lncRNA-mRNA competing endogenous RNA network in IR-hepG2 cells ameliorated by APBBR decreasing ROS levels: a systematic analysis.
Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein as Biomarker Indicates Purity and Property of Auricular Chondrocytes.
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia in a Patient Treated with Letrozole and Palbociclib.
Malignant transformation in a Breast Adenomyoepithelioma Caused by Amplification of c-MYC: A Common pathway to Cancer in a Rare Entity.
Analysis of Tau Protein Expression in Predicting Pathological Complete Response to Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Different Molecular Subtypes of Breast Cancer.
Downregulation of N-myc and STAT Interactor Protein Predicts Aggressive Tumor Behavior and Poor Prognosis in Invasive Ductal Carcinoma.
Protocatechuic Aldehyde Represses Proliferation and Migration of Breast Cancer Cells through Targeting C-terminal Binding Protein 1.
Inhibition of CDK9 by voruciclib synergistically enhances cell death induced by the Bcl-2 selective inhibitor venetoclax in preclinical models of acute myeloid leukemia.
SIRT3-mediated inhibition of FOS through histone H3 deacetylation prevents cardiac fibrosis and inflammation.
The role of ubiquitination in tumorigenesis and targeted drug discovery.
Rift Valley fever virus vaccination induces long-lived, antigen-specific human T cell responses.
2-Aminoethoxydiphenylborate (2-APB) inhibits release of phosphatidylserine-exposing extracellular vesicles from platelets.
Significant out-of-sample classification from methylation profile scoring for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Nanoengineered Advanced Materials for Enabling Hydrogen Economy: Functionalized Graphene-Incorporated Cupric Oxide Catalyst for Efficient Solar Hydrogen Production.
Fishnet-Like, Nitrogen-Doped Carbon Films Directly Anchored on Carbon Cloths as Binder-Free Electrodes for High-Performance Supercapacitor.
Size-Independent Transmembrane Transporting of Single Tetrahedral DNA Nanostructures.
Synthesis of Ni@NiSn Composite with High Lithium-Ion Diffusion Coefficient for Fast-Charging Lithium-Ion Batteries.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha mediates neuromuscular synapse elimination.
Antitumor activity of new chemical compounds in triple negative mammary adenocarcinoma models.
From cancer to rejuvenation: incomplete regeneration as the missing link (Part I: the same origin, different outcomes).
Stem cells out of the bag: characterization of ex vivo expanded mesenchymal stromal cells for possible clinical use.
Photooxidative stress activates a complex multigenic response integrating the phenylpropanoid pathway and ethylene, leading to lignin accumulation in apple (Malus domestica Borkh.) fruit.
Autoantigens in the trabecular meshwork and glaucoma-specific alterations in the natural autoantibody repertoire.
Giant renal leiomyoma: A case report.
Label-free quantitative identification of abnormally ubiquitinated proteins as useful biomarkers for human lung squamous cell carcinomas.
Effect of probiotics on obesity-related markers per enterotype: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial.
Whole-cell biocatalysis for hydrogen storage and syngas conversion to formate using a thermophilic acetogen.
Downregulation of miR-26b-5p, miR-204-5p, and miR-497-3p Expression Facilitates Exercise-Induced Physiological Cardiac Hypertrophy by Augmenting Autophagy in Rats.
Discovery of the Genomic Region and Candidate Genes of the Scarlet Red Flesh Color (Yscr ) Locus in Watermelon (Citrullus Lanatus L.).
Screening of Secreted Proteins of Sporisorium reilianum f. sp. zeae for Cell Death Suppression in Nicotiana benthamiana.
Alternative Splicing and DNA Damage Response in Plants.
The FACT Histone Chaperone: Tuning Gene Transcription in the Chromatin Context to Modulate Plant Growth and Development.
Role of Cytokinins for Interactions of Plants With Microbial Pathogens and Pest Insects.
The Role and Regulatory Mechanism of Hippo Signaling Components in the Neuronal System.
Genetic Engineering of the Kidney to Permanently Silence MHC Transcripts During ex vivo Organ Perfusion.
Characterization of Rat ILCs Reveals ILC2 as the Dominant Intestinal Subset.
Preferential HLA-B27 Allorecognition Displayed by Multiple Cross-Reactive Antiviral CD8+ T Cell Receptors.
Immune Cells in the Uterine Remodeling: Are They the Target of Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals?
Targeting Natural Killer Cells for Tumor Immunotherapy.
DNA Sensors \'  Signaling in NK Cells During HHV-6A, HHV-6B and HHV-7 Infection.
Cultivation of Bacteria From Aplysina aerophoba: Effects of Oxygen and Nutrient Gradients.
Comparative Proteomics of Extended-Spectrum Cephalosporin-Resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae Isolates Demonstrates Altered Protein Synthesis, Metabolism, Substance Transport, and Membrane Permeability.
Expression Analysis of Cnidarian-Specific Neuropeptides in a Sea Anemone Unveils an Apical-Organ-Associated Nerve Net That Disintegrates at Metamorphosis.
A Transcriptome Analysis: Various Reasons of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Caused by Acute Toxoplasma gondii Infection.
Hydrogen-Deuterium Exchange Mass-Spectrometry of Secondary Active Transporters: From Structural Dynamics to Molecular Mechanisms.
Jianpi Huayu Decoction Attenuates the Immunosuppressive Status of H22 Hepatocellular Carcinoma-Bearing Mice: By Targeting Myeloid-Derived Suppressor Cells.
Perspectives on Cannabis-Based Therapy of Multiple Sclerosis: A Mini-Review.
L1CAM Is a Marker for Enriching Corticospinal Motor Neurons in the Developing Brain.
Depletion of LncRNA NEAT1 Rescues Mitochondrial Dysfunction Through NEDD4L-Dependent PINK1 Degradation in Animal Models of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Multiple trauma including pelvic fracture with multiple arterial embolization: an autopsy case report.
Long non-coding RNA FER1L4 inhibits prostate cancer progression via sponging miR-92a-3p and upregulation of FBXW7.
MEX3A knockdown inhibits the development of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
The CARM1-p300-c-Myc-Max (CPCM) transcriptional complex regulates the expression of CUL4A/4B and affects the stability of CRL4 E3 ligases in colorectal cancer.
Small molecule NSC1892 targets the CUL4A/4B-DDB1 interactions and causes impairment of CRL4DCAF4 E3 ligases to inhibit colorectal cancer cell growth.
Functional Passenger-Strand miRNAs in Exosomes Derived from Human Colon Cancer Cells and Their Heterogeneous Paracrine Effects.
Molecular mechanisms underlying increased radiosensitivity in human papillomavirus-associated oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma.
Wnt5a/CaMKII/ERK/CCL2 axis is required for tumor-associated macrophages to promote colorectal cancer progression.
Knockdown of SMAD3 inhibits the growth and enhances the radiosensitivity of lung adenocarcinoma via p21 in vitro and in vivo.
DNA methylation is involved in the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis by regulating CtBP expression and CtBP-mediated signaling.
Crystal Structures of Human C4.4A Reveal the Unique Association of Ly6/uPAR/alpha-neurotoxin Domain.
Innate Lymphoid Cells at the Maternal-Fetal Interface in Human Pregnancy.
Vitamin A deficiency causes islet dysfunction by inducing islet stellate cell activation via cellular retinol binding protein 1.
MicroRNA-148b enhances the radiosensitivity of B-cell lymphoma cells by targeting Bcl-w to promote apoptosis.
Exosomes Transmit Viral Genetic Information and Immune Signals may cause Immunosuppression and Immune Tolerance in ALV-J Infected HD11 cells.
Association between interstitial cells of Cajal and anti-vinculin antibody in human stomach.
The optimal model of reperfusion injury in vitro using H9c2 transformed cardiac myoblasts.
Eupatilin downregulates phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate-induced MUC5AC expression via inhibition of p38/ERK/JNK MAPKs signal pathway in human airway epithelial cells.
Inhibition of melanogenesis by sodium 2-mercaptoethanesulfonate.
Connecting the dots between SHP2 and glutamate receptors.
Tisagenlecleucel for B-cell cancers.
Scale-down studies for the scale-up of a recombinant Corynebacterium glutamicum fed-batch fermentation: loss of homogeneity leads to lower levels of cadaverine production.
Interplay between whole-genome doubling and the accumulation of deleterious alterations in cancer evolution.
Lysine 4 of histone H3.3 is required for embryonic stem cell differentiation, histone enrichment at regulatory regions and transcription accuracy.
Monitoring protein communities and their responses to therapeutics.
Selective targeting of ubiquitination and degradation of PARP1 by E3 ubiquitin ligase WWP2 regulates isoproterenol-induced cardiac remodeling.
BRUCE preserves genomic stability in the male germline of mice.
53BP1 loss rescues embryonic lethality but not genomic instability of BRCA1 total knockout mice.
SGK1 mediates the hypotonic protective effect against H2O2-induced apoptosis of rat basilar artery smooth muscle cells by inhibiting the FOXO3a/Bim signaling pathway.
Evolution and function of interleukin-4 receptor signaling in adaptive immunity and neutrophils.
Potent CAR-T cells engineered with Sleeping Beauty transposon vectors display a central memory phenotype.
Targeting of inflammatory pathways with R2CHOP in high-risk DLBCL.
The DDB1-DCAF2 complex is essential for B cell development because it regulates cell cycle progression.
IL-33-induced reactive oxygen species are required for optimal metabolic programming in group 2 innate lymphoid cells.
Knockout of Stat5 in T cells ameliorates high cholesterol and high fat diet-induced hypercholesterolemia by influencing cholesterol metabolism in the liver.
Ets1 regulates the differentiation and function of iNKT cells through both Pointed domain-dependent and domain-independent mechanisms.
Streptomyces acidicola sp. nov., isolated from a peat swamp forest in Thailand.
Lipogenic signalling modulates prostate cancer cell adhesion and migration via modification of Rho GTPases.
The proprotein convertase furin is a pro-oncogenic driver in KRAS and BRAF driven colorectal cancer.
Looking past PD-L1: expression of immune checkpoint TIM-3 and its ligand galectin-9 in cervical and vulvar squamous neoplasia.
Development of a CRISPR/Cas9n-based tool for metabolic engineering of Pseudomonas putida for ferulic acid-to-polyhydroxyalkanoate bioconversion.
Hippocampal TNF-death receptors, caspase cell death cascades, and IL-8 in alcohol use disorder.
Cellular metabolic activity marker via selective turn-ON detection of transporter protein using nitrobenzoxadiazole-based fluorescent reporter.
Transcriptomic signatures of brain regional vulnerability to Parkinson \' s disease.
The evolution of zebrafish RAG2 protein is required for adapting to the elevated body temperature of the higher endothermic vertebrates.
Compost Soil Microbial Fuel Cell to Generate Power using Urea as Fuel.
Assembly of platforms for signal transduction in the new era: dimerization, helical filament assembly, and beyond.
De novo transcriptome of the diatom Cylindrotheca closterium identifies genes involved in the metabolism of anti-inflammatory compounds.
Cannabidiol is an effective helper compound in combination with bacitracin to kill Gram-positive bacteria.
Cryptochromes modulate E2F family transcription factors.
Exercise intensity and physical fitness modulate lipoproteins profile during acute aerobic exercise session.
Plant growth-promoting activity and quorum quenching-mediated biocontrol of bacterial phytopathogens by Pseudomonas segetis strain P6.
Temporal changes in the gene expression heterogeneity during brain development and aging.
Odontogenic infection by Porphyromonas gingivalis exacerbates fibrosis in NASH via hepatic stellate cell activation.
RORgammat may Influence the Microenvironment of Thyroid Cancer Predicting Favorable Prognosis.
A Rationale for the Use of Clotted Vertebral Bone Marrow to Aid Tissue Regeneration Following Spinal Surgery.
Comparison of Target Enrichment Platforms for Circulating Tumor DNA Detection.
Post-treatment FDG PET-CT in head and neck carcinoma: comparative analysis of 4 qualitative interpretative criteria in a large patient cohort.
Immunization with DNA prime-subunit protein boost strategy based on influenza H9N2 virus conserved matrix protein M1 and its epitope screening.
Trem2 Splicing and Expression are Preserved in a Human Abeta-producing, Rat Knock-in Model of Trem2-R47H Alzheimer \' s Risk Variant.
Recapitulating T cell infiltration in 3D psoriatic skin models for patient-specific drug testing.
Effects of chloromethylisothiazolinone/methylisothiazolinone (CMIT/MIT) on Th2/Th17-related immune modulation in an atopic dermatitis mouse model.
MicroRNA-144 represses gliomas progression and elevates susceptibility to Temozolomide by targeting CAV2 and FGF7.
Primary tumors release ITGBL1-rich extracellular vesicles to promote distal metastatic tumor growth through fibroblast-niche formation.
Simultaneous enhanced efficiency and thermal stability in organic solar cells from a polymer acceptor additive.
Identification of region-specific astrocyte subtypes at single cell resolution.
Virtual-freezing fluorescence imaging flow cytometry.
Electrochemical deposition as a universal route for fabricating single-atom catalysts.
A genome-wide approach for identification and characterisation of metabolite-inducible systems.
Anti-angiogenic effects of VEGF stimulation on endothelium deficient in phosphoinositide recycling.
A signal cascade originated from epidermis defines apical-basal patterning of Arabidopsis shoot apical meristems.
Vascular progenitors generated from tankyrase inhibitor-regulated naive diabetic human iPSC potentiate efficient revascularization of ischemic retina.
Trajectory-based differential expression analysis for single-cell sequencing data.
Silencing of circRACGAP1 sensitizes gastric cancer cells to apatinib via modulating autophagy by targeting miR-3657 and ATG7.
TRPC6-dependent Ca2+ signaling mediates airway inflammation in response to oxidative stress via ERK pathway.
Cdc42 subcellular relocation in response to VEGF/NRP1 engagement is associated with the poor prognosis of colorectal cancer.
Depletion of ID3 enhances mesenchymal stem cells therapy by targeting BMP4 in Sjogren \' s syndrome.
Cdc37 suppression induces plasma cell immaturation and bortezomib resistance in multiple myeloma via Xbp1s.
Case Report of a Complex Chest Wall Reconstruction with a Cadaveric Achilles Tendon.
Long Non-Coding RNA Taurine Upregulated Gene 1 (TUG1) Downregulation Constrains Cell Proliferation and Invasion through Regulating Cell Division Cycle 42 (CDC42) Expression Via MiR-498 in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma Cells.
Acetate attenuates perioperative neurocognitive disorders in aged mice.
Correction for: A novel rhamnoside derivative PL402 up-regulates matrix metalloproteinase 3/9 to promote Abeta degradation and alleviates Alzheimer \' s-like pathology.
Peritoneal metastatic gastric carcinoma cells exhibit more malignant behavior when co-cultured with HMrSV5 cells.
External validation of a convolutional neural network artificial intelligence tool to predict malignancy in pulmonary nodules.
Hydrogen sulfide dysregulates the immune response by suppressing central carbon metabolism to promote tuberculosis.
Indexing brain state-dependent pupil dynamics with simultaneous fMRI and optical fiber calcium recording.
Alpaca (Vicugna pacos), the first nonprimate species with a phosphoantigen-reactive Vgamma9Vdelta2 T cell subset.
Distinct signaling and transcriptional pathways regulate peri-weaning development and cold-induced recruitment of beige adipocytes.
MicroRNAs organize intrinsic variation into stem cell states.
Complement C1q mediates the expansion of periportal hepatic progenitor cells in senescence-associated inflammatory liver.
Glucagon receptor antagonist upregulates circulating GLP-1 level by promoting intestinal L-cell proliferation and GLP-1 production in type 2 diabetes.
Incidence and associates of diabetic ketoacidosis in a community-based cohort: the Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II.
Imaging of the immune system - towards a subcellular and molecular understanding.
Role of Proinsulin Self-Association in Mutant INS gene-induced Diabetes of Youth.
Claudin-5 Redistribution Induced by Inflammation Leads to Anti-VEGF Resistant Diabetic Macular Edema.
MG53 does not manifest the development of diabetes in db/db mice.
Origins and clonal convergence of gastrointestinal IgE+ B cells in human peanut allergy.
Mechanistic Target of Rapamycin Regulates the Oligodendrocyte Cytoskeleton during Myelination.
Integration of swimming-related synaptic excitation and inhibition by olig2+ eurydendroid neurons in larval zebrafish cerebellum.
Genome Sequence of a Segmented Filamentous Bacterium Strain That Confers a Rotavirus Resistance Phenotype in Mice.
Cirrhosis as new indication for statins.
Characterisation of innate lymphoid cell subsets infiltrating colorectal carcinoma.
Sequencing metabolically labeled transcripts in single cells reveals mRNA turnover strategies.
PE/PPE proteins mediate nutrient transport across the outer membrane of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Pervasive functional translation of noncanonical human open reading frames.
Efficient tandem solar cells with solution-processed perovskite on textured crystalline silicon.
Triple-halide wide-band gap perovskites with suppressed phase segregation for efficient tandems.
Microenvironment mapping via Dexter energy transfer on immune cells.
Structural insight into the recognition of pathogen-derived phosphoglycolipids by C-type lectin receptor DCAR.
RPTPalpha phosphatase activity is allosterically regulated by the membrane-distal catalytic domain.
The balance of protein farnesylation and geranylgeranylation during the progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Inhibition of the polyamine synthesis enzyme ornithine decarboxylase sensitizes triple-negative breast cancer cells to cytotoxic chemotherapy.
Increased dystrophin production with golodirsen in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Central corneal basal cell density and nerve parameters in ocular surface disease and limbal stem cell deficiency: a review and meta-analysis.
Compensatory guaiacyl lignin biosynthesis at the expense of syringyl lignin in 4CL1-knockout poplar.
N-terminal acetylation stabilizes SIGMA FACTOR BINDING PROTEIN 1 involved in salicylic acid-primed cell death.
Mepolizumab effectiveness and identification of super-responders in severe asthma.
Impact of treatment on cellular immunophenotype in MS: A cross-sectional study.
Combining ibrutinib and checkpoint blockade improves CD8+ T-cell function and control of chronic lymphocytic leukemia in Em-TCL1 mice.
The proteome of neutrophils in sickle cell disease reveals an unexpected activation of interferon alpha signaling pathway.
Phase II-like murine trial identifies synergy between dexamethasone and dasatinib in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
The senotherapeutic drug ABT-737 disrupts aberrant p21 expression to restore liver regeneration in adult mice.
Loss of an H3K9me anchor rescues laminopathy-linked changes in nuclear organization and muscle function in an Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy model.
Disruptive innovation in rheumatology: new networks of global public-private partnerships are needed to take advantage of scientific progress.
Oncolytic HSV infected glioma cells activate NOTCH in adjacent tumor cells sensitizing tumors to gamma secretase inhibition.
PARP inhibition enhances radiotherapy of SMAD4 deficient human head and neck squamous cell carcinomas in experimental models.
Computationally Derived Image Signature of Stromal Morphology Is Prognostic of Prostate Cancer Recurrence Following Prostatectomy in African American Patients.
Single cell force profiling of human myofibroblasts reveals a biophysical spectrum of cell states.
MACF1 promotes preosteoblast migration by mediating focal adhesion turnover through EB1.
Methylated Vnn1 at promoter regions induces asthma occurrence via the PI3K/Akt/NFkappaB-mediated inflammation in the IUGR mice.
Macrophage immunophenotype but not anti-inflammatory profile is modulated by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma) in exercised obese mice.
The mobilisation of early mature CD56dim-CD16bright NK cells is blunted following a single bout of vigorous intensity exercise in Type 1 Diabetes.
Exercise and the Kynurenine pathway: Current state of knowledge and results from a randomized cross-over study comparing acute effects of endurance and resistance training.
Benefits of exercise and immunotherapy in a murine model of human non-small-cell lung carcinoma.
Mobilizing serum factors and immune cells through exercise to counteract age-related changes in cancer risk.
Expression Profiling of Driver Genes in Female Never-smokers With Non-adenocarcinoma Non-small-cell Lung Cancer in China.
Water-soluble fluorescent sensor for Zn2+ with high selectivity and sensitivity imaging in living cells.
Synthesis and anti-OXPHOS, antitumor activities of DLC modified spinosyn derivatives.
Sialoglycans and Siglecs Can Shape the Tumor Immune Microenvironment.
Deubiquitinases: Pro-oncogenic Activity and Therapeutic Targeting in Blood Malignancies.
PD-L1 and p16 Expression in Penile Squamous Cell Carcinoma From an Endemic Region.
Impact of Systemic Therapy in Metastatic Renal-Cell Carcinoma Patients With Synchronous and Metachronous Brain Metastases.
TATTON: a multi-arm, phase Ib trial of osimertinib combined with selumetinib, savolitinib, or durvalumab in EGFR-mutant lung cancer.
Synthesis of novel 2, 3, 5-tri-substituted thiazoles with anti-inflammatory and antibacterial effect causing clinical pathogens.
Effect of stage and grade migration on cancer specific mortality in renal cell carcinoma patients, according to clear cell vs. non-clear cell histology: A contemporary population-based analysis.
Microtubule-associated protein tau (MAPT) is a promising independent prognostic marker and tumor suppressive protein in clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Topographic distribution of first landing sites of lymphatic metastases from patients with renal cancer.
Impact of donor and recipient characteristics on graft-versus-host disease and survival in HLA-matched sibling hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Kidney Transplantation From Donors with Resectable Renal Cell Carcinoma: Two Case Reports.
Transforming Growth Factor Beta 1 Distribution and Content in the Root Dentin of Young Mature and Immature Human Premolars.
An Immunofluorescence Study to Analyze Wound Healing Outcomes of Regenerative Endodontics in an Immature Premolar with Chronic Apical Abscess.
Solitary glandular papilloma of the lung with molecular analysis: A case report and literature review.
LncRNA TMPO-AS1 up-regulates the expression of HIF-1alpha and promotes the malignant phenotypes of retinoblastoma cells via sponging miR-199a-5p.
PP4C facilitates lung cancer proliferation and inhibits apoptosis via activating MAPK/ERK pathway.
Mesenchymal stem/stromal cells stably transduced with an inhibitor of CC chemokine ligand 2 ameliorate bronchopulmonary dysplasia and pulmonary hypertension.
Hydrochlorothiazide-induced systemic capillary leak.
Evaluation of anticancer effects of a pharmaceutically viable extract of a traditional polyherbal mixture against non-small-cell lung cancer cells.
Alpha Defensin: A Diagnostic Accuracy Depending on the Infection Definition Used.
Paracrine and cell autonomous signalling in pancreatic cancer progression and metastasis.
The roles of IL-5 and anti-IL-5 treatment in eosinophilic diseases: Asthma, eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis, and eosinophilic chronic rhinosinusitis.
Cardiovascular complications of sickle cell disease.
Management and outcomes of open pelvic fractures: An update.
Early efficacy evaluation of mesenchymal stromal cells (MSC) combined to biomaterials to treat long bone non-unions.
GGNBP1 ensures proper spermiogenesis in response to stress in mice.
AFF4 enhances odontogenic differentiation of human dental pulp cells.
ZEB1 modulates endometrial receptivity through epithelial-mesenchymal transition in endometrial epithelial cells in vitro.
Functional homo- and heterodimeric actin capping proteins from the malaria parasite.
Systemic Klotho therapy protects against insulitis and enhances beta-cell mass in NOD mice.
Moyamoya disease patient mutations in the RING domain of RNF213 reduce its ubiquitin ligase activity and enhance NFkappaB activation and apoptosis in an AAA+ domain-dependent manner.
MLL2 regulates glucocorticoid receptor-mediated transcription of ENACalpha in human retinal pigment epithelial cells.
Intact pap2 downstream of mcr-1 appears to be required for colistin resistance.
CpG Oligodeoxynucleotides Induces Apoptosis of Human Bladder Cancer Cells via Caspase-3-Bax/Bcl-2-p53 Axis.
The pro-Inflammatory cytokines effects on mobilization, self-renewal and differentiation of hematopoietic stem cells.
Tubule-derived exosomes play a central role in fibroblast activation and kidney fibrosis.
Exploiting immunometabolism and T cell function for solid organ transplantation.
Microbiota in organ transplantation: An immunological and therapeutic conundrum?
Editorial Commentary: Biological Cartilage Repair Technique-An "Effective, Accessible, and Safe" Surgical Solution for an Old Difficult Biological Problem.
Editorial Commentary: Rotator Cuff Tendon Healing May Be Enhanced With a Blanket.
CAR T and CAR NK cells in multiple myeloma: Expanding the targets.
Modern treatments and future directions for newly diagnosed multiple myeloma patients.
The changing role of high dose melphalan with stem cell rescue in the treatment of newly diagnosed multiple myeloma in the era of modern therapies-back to the future!
Monitoring minimal residual disease in the bone marrow using next generation sequencing.
Current and potential applications of positron emission tomography for multiple myeloma and plasma cell disorders.
Tracking myeloma tumor DNA in peripheral blood.
Reconstructing the evolutionary history of multiple myeloma.
Second malignancies in multiple myeloma; emerging patterns and future directions.
Tracking of low disease burden in multiple myeloma: Using mass spectrometry assays in peripheral blood.
Maintenance therapy and need for cessation studies in multiple myeloma: Focus on the future.
Evaluation of real-time nanopore sequencing for Salmonella serotype prediction.
Addition of volatile sulfur compounds to yeast at the early stages of fermentation reveals distinct biological and chemical pathways for aroma formation.
Effect of endogenous CO2 overpressure on the yeast "stressome" during the "prise de mousse" of sparkling wine.
Proteomic study of Enterococcus durans LAB18S growing on prebiotic oligosaccharides.
Effect of combination of Oxyrase and sodium thioglycolate on growth of Clostridium perfringens from spores under aerobic incubation.
Regulation of trehalose, a typical stress protectant, on central metabolisms, cell growth and division of Saccharomyces cerevisiae CEN.PK113-7D.
Menopause-Related Estrogen Decrease and the Pathogenesis of HFpEF: JACC Review Topic of the Week.
Amyloid-like aggregation of provasopressin.
Development and therapeutic potential of vasopressin synthetic analog [V4Q5]dDAVP as a novel anticancer agent.
Vasopressin receptor subtypes and renal sodium transport.
Molecular aspects of aquaporins.
Vasopressin inactivation: Role of insulin-regulated aminopeptidase.
Electrochemical sensing of pancreatic cancer miR-1290 based on yeast-templated mesoporous TiO2 modified electrodes.
Simultaneous monitoring of action potentials and neurotransmitter release from neuron-like PC12 cells.
Implementation of liquid chromatography-high resolution mass spectrometry methods for untargeted metabolomic analyses of biological samples: A tutorial.
Ratiometric bioassay and visualization of dopamine beta-hydroxylase in brain cells utilizing a nanohybrid fluorescence probe.
Efficient ratiometric fluorescence probe utilizing silicon particles/gold nanoclusters nanohybrid for "on-off-on" bifunctional detection and cellular imaging of mercury (II) ions and cysteine.
Preface: Endoplasmic reticulum in health and disease.
Type I interferons and endoplasmic reticulum stress in health and disease.
Emerging roles of the unfolded protein response (UPR) in the nervous system: A link with adaptive behavior to environmental stress?
Targeting endoplasmic reticulum stress and autophagy as therapeutic approaches for neurological diseases.
Endoplasmic reticulum in viral infection.
Sarcoplasmic reticulum and calcium signaling in muscle cells: Homeostasis and disease.
The role of mitochondria-associated membranes in cellular homeostasis and diseases.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress in the cellular release of damage-associated molecular patterns.
Fumarate Hydratase-Deficient Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Orthopedic Surgical Foot Management in Hansen Disease.
Disseminated Pneumocystosis in a Toy Poodle.
Malignant Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumour in the Urinary Bladder of a Dog.
The Role of Antimicrobial Neutrophil Extract in Modification of the Inflammatory Response During Osteochondral Autograft and Allograft Transplantation in Rabbits.
Intra- and Extra-articular Features of Temporomandibular Joint Ankylosis in the Cat (Felis catus).
Low Stromal Mast Cell Density in Canine Mammary Gland Tumours Predicts a Poor Prognosis.
Granular Cell Tumour in a California Kingsnake (Lampropeltis californiae).
Avian Papilloma and Squamous Cell Carcinoma: a Histopathological, Immunohistochemical and Virological study.
EIF5A2 is highly expressed in anaplastic thyroid carcinoma and is associated with tumor growth by modulating TGF-beta signals.
Are marine n-3 fatty acids protective towards insulin resistance? From cell to human.
Characterization of the immunomodulatory properties of alveolar bone-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
Comparative analysis of abdominal fluid cytokine levels in ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS).
From single gene analysis to single cell profiling: a new era for precision medicine.
Microbial enhanced oil recovery through deep profile control using a conditional bacterial cellulose-producing strain derived from Enterobacter sp. FY-07.
In vivo visualization of the i-motif DNA secondary structure in the Bombyx mori testis.
Meta-analysis of human prefrontal cortex reveals activation of GFAP and decline of synaptic transmission in the aging brain.
Akkermansia muciniphila protects intestinal mucosa from damage caused by S. pullorum by initiating proliferation of intestinal epithelium.
5-Aminolevulinic acid tumor paint and photodynamic therapy for myxofibrosarcoma: an in vitro study.
Genetic barcoding reveals clonal dominance in iPSC-derived mesenchymal stromal cells.
Effect of apo-lactoferrin on leukotoxin and outer membrane vesicles of Mannheimia haemolytica A2.
SEPT9_v2, frequently silenced by promoter hypermethylation, exerts anti-tumor functions through inactivation of Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway via miR92b-3p/FZD10 in nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells.
Decontamination of ambient RNA in single-cell RNA-seq with DecontX.
Conserved contributions of NMDA receptor subtypes to synaptic responses in lamina II spinal neurons across early postnatal development.
Ultrasensitive DNA hypermethylation detection using plasma for early detection of NSCLC: a study in Chinese patients with very small nodules.
Long non-coding RNA HUMT hypomethylation promotes lymphangiogenesis and metastasis via activating FOXK1 transcription in triple-negative breast cancer.
Functional activities of beta-glucans in the prevention or treatment of cervical cancer.
PARIS induced defects in mitochondrial biogenesis drive dopamine neuron loss under conditions of parkin or PINK1 deficiency.
Anatomic change over the course of treatment for non-small cell lung cancer patients and its impact on intensity-modulated radiation therapy and passive-scattering proton therapy deliveries.
Multiplexed capture of spatial configuration and temporal dynamics of locus-specific 3D chromatin by biotinylated dCas9.
Cardiovascular progenitor cells and tissue plasticity are reduced in a myocardium affected by Becker muscular dystrophy.
Autologous bone marrow stem cell transplantation via the hepatic artery for the treatment of hepatitis B virus-related cirrhosis: a PRISMA-compliant meta-analysis based on the Chinese population.
The pivotal role of micro-environmental cells in a human blood-brain barrier in vitro model of cerebral ischemia: functional and transcriptomic analysis.
Induction of immunogenic cell death in radiation-resistant breast cancer stem cells by repurposing anti-alcoholism drug disulfiram.
LncRNA MALAT1 silencing protects against cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury through miR-145 to regulate AQP4.
P-selectin blockade ameliorates lupus nephritis in MRL/lpr mice through improving renal hypoxia and evaluation using BOLD-MRI.
Escherichia coli sigma70 promoters allow expression rate control at the cellular level in genome-integrated expression systems.
LncRNA MAGI2-AS3 is downregulated in non-small cell lung cancer and may be a sponge of miR-25.
Silencing of microRNA-210 inhibits the progression of liver cancer and hepatitis B virus-associated liver cancer via targeting EGR3.
Renal medullary carcinoma masquerading as renal infection: a case report.
Recombinant Klotho protein enhances cholesterol efflux of THP-1 macrophage-derived foam cells via suppressing Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway.
Influence of exogenous ascorbic acid and glutathione priming on mitochondrial structural and functional systems to alleviate aging damage in oat seeds.
Identification of methylation states of DNA regions for Illumina methylation BeadChip.
Evidence for a novel overlapping coding sequence in POLG initiated at a CUG start codon.
A framework using topological pathways for deeper analysis of transcriptome data.
Positive staining of the immunoligand B7-H6 in abnormal/transformed keratinocytes consistently accompanies the progression of cervical cancer.
Genome-wide discovery and functional prediction of salt-responsive lncRNAs in duckweed.
Genome-wide identification of loci associated with growth in rainbow trout.
Evaluation of the accuracy of two point-of-care haemoglobin meters used in sub-Saharan African population: a cross-sectional study.
Correction to: Wnt3a induces exosome secretion from primary cultured rat microglia.
Transcriptome profiling provides insights into molecular mechanism in Peanut semi-dwarf mutant.
Gene expression analysis reveals the tipping points during infant brain development for human and chimpanzee.
Allo-HSCT compared with immunosuppressive therapy for acquired aplastic anemia: a system review and meta-analysis.
White Matter Integrity in Tanzanian Children With Sickle Cell Anemia: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study.
Assessment of the Mode of Action Underlying the Effects of GenX in Mouse Liver and Implications for Assessing Human Health Risks.
Lactobacillus reuteri maintains intestinal epithelial regeneration and repairs damaged intestinal mucosa.
Characterization of a heparinized decellularized scaffold and its effects on mechanical and structural properties.
EHD1 Modulates Cx43 Gap Junction Remodeling Associated with Cardiac Diseases.
2lpiRNApred: a two-layered integrated algorithm for identifying piRNAs and their functions based on LFE-GM feature selection.
Advanced in developmental organic and inorganic nanomaterial: a review.
The role of cellular prion protein in lipid metabolism in the liver.
Production and purification of endogenously modified tRNA-derived small RNAs.
Dietary cellulose prevents gut inflammation by modulating lipid metabolism and gut microbiota.
Biodielectric phenomenon for actively differentiating malignant and normal cells: An overview.
Advances in the use of cell penetrating peptides for respiratory drug delivery.
Co-delivery of rituximab targeted curcumin and imatinib nanostructured lipid carriers in non-Hodgkin lymphoma cells.
Chromosome aberration in typical biological systems under exposure to low- and high-intensity magnetic fields.
Differentiation of neonate mouse spermatogonial stem cells on three-dimensional agar/polyvinyl alcohol nanofiber scaffold.
Viral Vectors, Animal Models, and Cellular Targets for Gene Therapy of Cystic Fibrosis Lung Disease.
Long intergenic non-coding RNA 1939 eliminates proliferation and migration of human renal cell carcinoma (RCC) cells by down-regulation of miR-154.
Versican expression level in cumulus cells is associated with human oocyte developmental competence.
Anti-Apoptotic Effects of Diosgenin in D-Galactose-Induced Aging Brain.
Chuanxiong (Rhizome of Ligusticum chuanxiong) Protects Ovariectomized Hyperlipidemic Rats from Bone Loss.
Taraxacum officinale Wigg. Attenuates Inflammatory Responses in Murine Microglia through the Nrf2/HO-1 and NF-kappaB Signaling Pathways.
Optimizing the Phase-Separated Domain Sizes of Active Layer via Sequential Crystallization in All-Polymer Solar Cells.
Site-specific 89Zr and 111In-radiolabeling and in vivo evaluation of glycan-free antibodies by azide-alkyne cycloaddition with a non-natural amino acid.
The Role of Hydrogen-Bond Between Piperazine and Fullerene Molecules in Stabilizing Polymer:Fullerene Solar Cell Performance.
lncRNA CASC2 suppresses the growth of hemangioma cells by regulating miR-18a-5p/FBXL3 axis.
miR-146a regulates inflammation and development in patients with abdominal aortic aneurysms by targeting CARD10.
G-Protein-Coupled Receptor 30 Mediates the Anticancer Effects Induced by Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Transient Receptor Potential Canonical (TRPC) Channels as Modulators of Migration and Invasion.
Correction: Cherkaoui, M., Lollier, V., Geairon, A., Bouder, A., Larre, C., Rogniaux, H., Jamet, E., Guillon, F. and Francin-Allami, M. Cell Wall Proteome of Wheat Grain Endosperm and Outer Layers at Two Key Stages of Early Development. Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2020, 21, 239.
Toxicity, Physiological, and Ultrastructural Effects of Arsenic and Cadmium on the Extremophilic Microalga Chlamydomonas acidophila.
Fluorinated Galactoses Inhibit Galactose-1-Phosphate Uridyltransferase and Metabolically Induce Galactosemia-like Phenotypes in HEK-293 Cells.
[68Ga]Ga-DOTA-TOC: The First FDA-Approved 68Ga-Radiopharmaceutical for PET Imaging.
Eukaryotic Cell Permeabilisation to Identify New Putative Chlamydial Type III Secretion System Effectors Secreted within Host Cell Cytoplasm.
Yeast Associated with Rice Phylloplane and Their Contribution to Control of Rice Sheath Blight Disease.
The Winner Takes It All: Auxin-The Main Player during Plant Embryogenesis.
MicroRNA-24-3p Targets Notch and Other Vascular Morphogens to Regulate Post-ischemic Microvascular Responses in Limb Muscles.
The Impact of Implant-Abutment Connection on Clinical Outcomes and Microbial Colonization: A Narrative Review.
Probing the Environment of Emerin by Enhanced Ascorbate Peroxidase 2 (APEX2)-Mediated Proximity Labeling.
Development of Embryo Suspensors for Five Genera of Crassulaceae with Special Emphasis on Plasmodesmata Distribution and Ultrastructure.
Glucose Exerts an Anti-Melanogenic Effect by Indirect Inactivation of Tyrosinase in Melanocytes and a Human Skin Equivalent.
Propranolol Suppresses the T-Helper Cell Depletion-Related Immune Dysfunction in Cirrhotic Mice.
Schiff Base Ancillary Ligands in Bis(diimine) Copper(I) Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells.
Lactococcus Ceduovirus Phages Isolated from Industrial Dairy Plants-from Physiological to Genomic Analyses.
PPE51 Is Involved in the Uptake of Disaccharides by Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
High Surface Reactivity and Biocompatibility of Y2O3 NPs in Human MCF-7 Epithelial and HT-1080 FibroBlast Cells.
Differential Cytotoxicity Induced by Transition Metal Oxide Nanoparticles is a Function of Cell Killing and Suppression of Cell Proliferation.
Melatonin Modulates Dendrite Maturation and Complexity in the Dorsal- and Ventral- Dentate Gyrus Concomitantly with Its Antidepressant-Like Effect in Male Balb/C Mice.
Liraglutide Suppresses Tau Hyperphosphorylation, Amyloid Beta Accumulation through Regulating Neuronal Insulin Signaling and BACE-1 Activity.
Tuberous Sclerosis Complex Axis Controls Renal Extracellular Vesicle Production and Protein Content.
Salinity Stress-Mediated Suppression of Expression of Salt Overly Sensitive Signaling Pathway Genes Suggests Negative Regulation by AtbZIP62 Transcription Factor in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Conformational Insight on WT- and Mutated-EGFR Receptor Activation and Inhibition by Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate: Over a Rational Basis for the Design of Selective Non-Small-Cell Lung Anticancer Agents.
Lignins from Agroindustrial by-Products as Natural Ingredients for Cosmetics: Chemical Structure and In Vitro Sunscreen and Cytotoxic Activities.
Modulation of the In Vivo Inflammatory Response by Pro- Versus Anti-Inflammatory Intervertebral Disc Treatments.
Arabidopsis RETICULON-LIKE4 (RTNLB4) Protein Participates in Agrobacterium Infection and VirB2 Peptide-Induced Plant Defense Response.
MSC Based Therapies-New Perspectives for the Injured Lung.
Influence of Bone Marrow-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cell Therapy on Oxidative Stress Intensity in Minimally Conscious State Patients.
Expression of Interleukin-6 and the Interleukin-6 Receptor Predicts the Clinical Outcomes of Patients with Soft Tissue Sarcomas.
Rosa davurica Pall. Improves Propionibacterium acnes-Induced Inflammatory Responses in Mouse Ear Edema Model and Suppresses Pro-Inflammatory Chemokine Production via MAPK and NF-kappaB Pathways in HaCaT Cells.
Prevention of Encrustation on Ureteral Stents: Which Surface Parameters Provide Guidance for the Development of Novel Stent Materials?
Deciphering the Biological Activities of Dunaliella sp. Aqueous Extract from Stressed Conditions on Breast Cancer: from in Vitro to in Vivo Investigations.
Methionine Restriction and Cancer Biology.
Influence of Polymer Charge on the Localization and Dark- and Photo-Induced Toxicity of a Potential Type I Photosensitizer in Cancer Cell Models.
Regulation of Small GTPase Rab20 by Ikaros in B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Hypervolemia-Induced Immune Disturbances Do Not Involve IL-1ss but IL-6 and IL-10 Activation in Haemodialysis Patients.
Homocysteine Induces Inflammation in Retina and Brain.
Interplay between Endoplasmic Reticulum (ER) Stress and Autophagy Induces Mutant p53H273 Degradation.
GABAergic Input Affects Intracellular Calcium Levels in Developing Granule Cells of Adult Rat Hippocampus.
Engineered Recombinant Single Chain Variable Fragment of Monoclonal Antibody Provides Protection to Chickens Infected with H9N2 Avian Influenza.
Circulating RNAs as Potential Biomarkers in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Synthesis and Bioactivity Assessment of Novel Spiro Pyrazole-Oxindole Congeners Exhibiting Potent and Selective in vitro Anticancer Effects.
Abnormal Lysosomal Positioning and Small Extracellular Vesicle Secretion in Arterial Stiffening and Calcification of Mice Lacking Mucolipin 1 Gene.
The Hox Gene egl-5 Acts as a Terminal Selector for VD13 Development via Wnt Signaling.
Designing Novel Therapies to Mend Broken Hearts: ATF6 and Cardiac Proteostasis.
Astrocyte and Oligodendrocyte Cross-Talk in the Central Nervous System.
Monoalkylated Epigallocatechin-3-gallate (C18-EGCG) as Novel Lipophilic EGCG Derivative: Characterization and Antioxidant Evaluation.
Role of the TRPC1 Channel in Hippocampal Long-Term Depression and in Spatial Memory Extinction.
Combining Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors with Anti-Angiogenic Agents.
Multi-Functional Potential of Presumptive Lactic Acid Bacteria Isolated from Chihuahua Cheese.
The B Subunit of PirABvp Toxin Secreted from Vibrio parahaemolyticus Causing AHPND Is an Amino Sugar Specific Lectin.
Development and Characterization of Hemicellulose-Based Films for Antibacterial Wound-Dressing Application.
Specific Substitutions in Region V2 of gp120 env confer SHIV Neutralisation Resistance.
Citrus Auraptene Induces Expression of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor in Neuro2a Cells.
Targeting alpha-synuclein for PD Therapeutics: A Pursuit on All Fronts.
Melatonin \' s Antineoplastic Potential Against Glioblastoma.
Immunotherapy in Multiple Myeloma.
IRE1alpha Promotes Zika Virus Infection via XBP1.
Serine Biosynthesis Pathway Supports MYC-miR-494-EZH2 Feed-Forward Circuit Necessary to Maintain Metabolic and Epigenetic Reprogramming of Burkitt Lymphoma Cells.
Impact of the Monocarboxylate Transporter-1 (MCT1)-Mediated Cellular Import of Lactate on Stemness Properties of Human Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Cells  .
Galectin-3 as a Next-Generation Biomarker for Detecting Early Stage of Various Diseases.
Radiosensitization by Hyperthermia: The Effects of Temperature, Sequence, and Time Interval in Cervical Cell Lines.
TSPAN8 as a Novel Emerging Therapeutic Target in Cancer for Monoclonal Antibody Therapy.
Pan Aurora Kinase Inhibitor: A Promising Targeted-Therapy in Dedifferentiated Liposarcomas With Differential Efficiency Depending on Sarcoma Molecular Profile.
Dysregulated Gut Homeostasis Observed Prior to the Accumulation of the Brain Amyloid-beta in Tg2576 Mice.
Multifaceted Aspects of Metabolic Plasticity in Human Cholangiocarcinoma: An Overview of Current Perspectives.
3,4-Dihydroxybenzalacetone (DBL) Prevents Aging-Induced Myocardial Changes in Senescence-Accelerated Mouse-Prone 8 (SAMP8) Mice.
Three-Dimensional Model of Dorsal Root Ganglion Explant as a Method of Studying Neurotrophic Factors in Regenerative Medicine.
Inter-Organelle Membrane Contact Sites and Mitochondrial Quality Control during Aging: A Geroscience View.
Even Visually Intact Cell Walls in Waterlogged Archaeological Wood Are Chemically Deteriorated and Mechanically Fragile: A Case of a 170 Year-Old Shipwreck.
Comparison of the Efficiency of BLUP and GBLUP in Genomic Prediction of Immune Traits in Chickens.
Cross-talk between Bcr-abl and the Thioredoxin System in Chronic Myeloid Leukaemia: Implications for CML Treatment.
Cell Penetrating Peptides, Novel Vectors for Gene Therapy.
[Prognostic analysis of definitive radiotherapy for early esophageal carcinoma(T1-2N0M0): a multi-center retrospective study of Jing-Jin-ji Esophageal and Esophagogastric Cancer Radiotherapy Oncology Group].
[Effect of high expression of type I collagen alpha1 chain protein on the prognosis of triple negative breast cancer].
[Expression of microRNA-17-5p in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and its effects on cell proliferation and invasion].
[AMG-102 inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis of laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma cells by regulating c-Met/PI3K/Akt pathway].
[Feasibility of PEG-rhG-CSF in the first-line treatment of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma receiving dose-adjusted EPOCH plus rituximab].
[Pulmonary arterial hypertension caused by graft-related thrombotic microangiopathy after ETP-ALL haplotype hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: a case report and literatures review].
[Prognostic significance of thrombocytopenia after haploidentical peripheral blood stem cell transplantation].
[The effects of cyclophosphamide binding mesenchymal stem cells on IFN-gamma induced 32D cells apoptosis and its mechanism].
[Clinical analysis of 30 cases of Castleman disease with different types of thoracic involvement].
[Chromosomal aberrations detection in chronic lymphocytic leukemia by conventional cytogenetics using DSP30 and IL-2].
[Clinical study on factor VIII inhibitor in children with hemophilia A].
[Outcomes of 138 myelodysplastic syndrome patients with HLA-matched sibling donor allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation].
[Alternative donor HSCT for 109 children with acquired severe aplastic anemia: a single center retrospective analysis].
[Outcomes of 33 patients with anaplastic large cell lymphoma treated after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation].
[Clinical and laboratory analysis of 17 patients with gammadeltaT-cell large granular lymphocyte leukemia].
[Risk factors analysis for steroid-resistant acute graft versus host disease after haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation].
[A case report of BCL11B mutation induced neurodevelopmental disorder and literature review].
[Clinical phenotype and immunological features of a patient with A20 haploinsufficiency].
[Analysis of five cases of hepatitis associated aplastic anemia presenting with hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis at onset].
[Predictive values of routine blood test results for iron deficiency in children].
The anatomy of the skin of the Chinese tree shrew is very similar to that of human skin.
Dissecting the role of the CXCL12/CXCR4 axis in acute myeloid leukaemia.
IRF3 and IRF7 contribute to diesel exhaust particles-induced pulmonary inflammation by mediating mTORC1 activation and restraining autophagy in mice.
Lanthanum and cerium toxicity to the freshwater green alga Chlorella fusca: applicability of the biotic ligand model.
Testing tumors from different anatomic sites for clonal relatedness using somatic mutation data.
Adolescent nicotine induces depressive and anxiogenic effects through ERK 1-2 and Akt-GSK-3 pathways and neuronal dysregulation in the nucleus accumbens.
Platelet Dysfunction in Noonan and 22q11.2 Deletion Syndromes in Childhood.
Plasma Protein Signatures of a Murine Venous Thrombosis Model and Slc44a2 Knockout Mice Using Quantitative-Targeted Proteomics.
Human Telomerase Reverse Transcriptase Gene Promoter Mutation in Serum of Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Single patient convolutional neural networks for real-time MR reconstruction: coherent low-resolution versus incoherent undersampling.
A theoretical cell-killing model to evaluate oxygen enhancement ratios at DNA damage and cell survival endpoints in radiation therapy.
Tracking tumor radiotherapy response &lt;i&gt;in vivo&lt;/i&gt; with Cherenkov-excited luminescence ink imaging.
Exceptional Response to Olaparib in a Patient With Recurrent Ovarian Cancer and an Entire BRCA1 Germline Gene Deletion.
MTHFR rs1801133 polymorphism is associated with increased risk of B-cell precursor lymphoblastic leukaemia with recurrent genetic aberrations of fetal origin.
Study on the photochromism, photochromic fluorescence switch, fluorescent and colorimetric sensing for Cu2+ of naphthopyran-diaminomaleonitrile dyad and recognition Cu2+ in living cells.
L-Lysine-modified Fe3O4 nanoparticles for magnetic cell labeling.
Airway inflammation and remodeling of cigarette smoking exposure ovalbumin-induced asthma is alleviated by CpG oligodeoxynucleotides via affecting dendritic cell-mediated Th17 polarization.
Attenuation of pristimerin on TNF-alpha-induced endothelial inflammation.
Isolated tumor cells in the regional lymph nodes in patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the esophagus are rarely observed but often represent part of a true metastasis.
Fluorine-18 labeled poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase1 inhibitor as a potential alternative to 2-deoxy-2-[18F]fluoro-d-glucose positron emission tomography in oral cancer imaging.
Immuno-imaging of ICAM-1 in tumours by SPECT.
Development and life cycle assessment of an auto circulating bio-electrochemical reactor for energy positive continuous wastewater treatment.
Automated image analysis and hyperspectral imagery with enhanced dark field microscopy applied to biochars produced at different temperatures.
Pre-treatment serum IL-10 predicts the risk of secondary central nervous system involvement in patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
miR-155 antagomir protect against DSS-induced colitis in mice through regulating Th17/Treg cell balance by Jarid2/Wnt/beta-catenin.
Shihu Yeguang Pill protects against bright light-induced photoreceptor degeneration in part through suppressing photoreceptor apoptosis.
Atractylenolide I inhibits colorectal cancer cell proliferation by affecting metabolism and stemness via AKT/mTOR signaling.
In-vitro evaluation of copper/copper oxide nanoparticles cytotoxicity and genotoxicity in normal and cancer lung cell lines.
Comparative metabolomic responses of low- and high-cadmium accumulating genotypes reveal the cadmium adaptive mechanism in Brassica napus.
Triclocarban exposure affects mouse oocyte in vitro maturation through inducing mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress.
Nanoplastics exposure modulate lipid and pigment compositions in diatoms.
The hypocretin (orexin) system: from a neural circuitry perspective.
UHPLC-ESI-HRMS/MS analysis on phenolic compositions of different E Se tea extracts and their antioxidant and cytoprotective activities.
Evaluation of production parameters and health of dairy cows treated with pegbovigrastim in the transition period.
Discovery of novel tertiary amide derivatives as NEDDylation pathway activators to inhibit the tumor progression in vitro and in vivo.
Identification of a pro-elongation effect of diallyl disulfide, a major organosulfur compound in garlic oil, on microglial process.
The roles of ERAP1 and ERAP2 in autoimmunity and cancer immunity: New insights and perspective.
Food antigens and Transglutaminase 2 in IgA nephropathy: Molecular links between gut and kidney.
A key control point in the T cell response to chronic infection and neoplasia: FOXO1.
Management of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia in routine clinical practice: Minimal residual disease testing, treatment patterns and clinical outcomes in Belgium, Greece and Switzerland.
Pivotal role for root cell wall polysaccharides in cultivar-dependent cadmium accumulation in Brassica chinensis L.
Effects of power frequency electric field exposure on kidney.
Flagellar motility mediates early-stage biofilm formation in oligotrophic aquatic environment.
Cytotoxicity of 2,2 \' ,3,5 \' ,6-Pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB95) and its metabolites in the chicken embryo liver cells of laying hens.
Local delivery of bone morphogenetic protein-2 from near infrared-responsive hydrogels for bone tissue regeneration.
Developing a ratiometric two-photon probe with baseline resolved emissions by through band energy transfer strategy: Tracking mitochondrial SO2 during neuroinflammation.
A novel approach of synchronously recovering phosphorus as vivianite and volatile fatty acids during waste activated sludge and food waste co-fermentation: Performance and mechanisms.
Simultaneous removal of organics, sulfide and ammonium coupled with electricity generation in a loop microbial fuel cell system.
The roles of mandarin fish STING in innate immune defense against infectious spleen and kidney necrosis virus infections.
Effects of dietary raw or Enterococcus faecium fermented soybean meal on growth, antioxidant status, intestinal microbiota, morphology, and inflammatory responses in turbot (Scophthalmus maximus L.).
Establishing typical values for hemocyte mortality in individual California mussels, Mytilus californianus.
Different expression and subcellular localization of vesicular inhibitory amino acid transporter in ducts of major salivary glands: An in situ study in mice.
Toxic effects of terpinolene on Microcystis aeruginosa: Physiological, metabolism, gene transcription, and growth effects.
Multispectral autofluorescence lifetime dermoscope for skin lesion assessment.
Epitranscriptomic 5-Methylcytosine Profile in PM2.5-induced Mouse Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Acid/bile exposure triggers TRAIL-mediated apoptosis in esophageal cancer cells by suppressing the decoy receptors and c-FLIPR.
Immune-related adverse events of checkpoint inhibitors: Insights into immunological dysregulation.
Whole exome sequencing (WES) approach for diagnosing primary immunodeficiencies (PIDs) in a highly consanguineous community.
Differential analysis of serum and urine S100 proteins in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (jSLE).
A low-molecular-weight ascophyllan prepared from Ascophyllum nodosum: Optimization, analysis and biological activities.
Bioactive and thermostable sulphated polysaccharide from Sargassum swartzii with drug delivery applications.
Acute Lung Injury: the therapeutic role of Rho kinase inhibitors.
Effect of Anoectochilus roxburghii flavonoids extract on oxidative stress in LO2 cells induced by H2O2 and D-gal induced aging mouse model1.
Voacamine: Alkaloid with its essential dimeric units to reverse tumor multidrug resistance.
Cigarette smoke and glutathione: Focus on in vitro cell models.
Tetramethylpyrazine alleviates iron overload damage in vascular endothelium via upregulating DDAHII expression.
Nanoscale investigation of human skin and study of skin penetration of Janus nanoparticles.
Auto-fluorescent PAMAM-based dendritic molecules and their potential application in pharmaceutical sciences.
Design and evaluation of self-nanoemulsifying drug delivery systems (SNEDDSs) for senicapoc.
Novel cyclic peptides facilitating transcellular blood-brain barrier transport of macromolecules in vitro and in vivo.
Hyperbranched lipoid-based lipid nanoparticles for bidirectional regulation of collagen accumulation in liver fibrosis.
Complement C9 binding site and the anti-microbial activity of caprine vitronectin are localized in close proximity in the N-terminal region of the protein.
High IL-5 levels possibly contributing to HIV viremia in virologic non-responders at one year after initiation of anti-retroviral therapy.
The broad spectrum antiviral ivermectin targets the host nuclear transport importin alpha/beta1 heterodimer.
Relapse after allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation for multiple myeloma: Survival outcomes and factors influencing them.
Probing surface accessibility in the dynamic meshwork of protein-protein interactions.
Early-Onset Pulmonary Events Associated With Brigatinib Use in Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Non-coding RNAs and nuclear architecture during epithelial-mesenchymal transition in lung cancer and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
The current markers of cancer stem cell in oral cancers.
Treadmill exercise enhances the promoting effects of preconditioned stem cells on memory and neurogenesis in Abeta-induced neurotoxicity in the rats.
Methyltransferase-like 1 (METTL1) served as a tumor suppressor in colon cancer by activating 7-methyguanosine (m7G) regulated let-7e miRNA/HMGA2 axis.
Enhanced and sustained cutaneous delivery of vismodegib by ablative fractional laser and microemulsion formulation.
Screening the Medicines for Malaria Venture Pathogen Box for invasion and egress inhibitors of the blood stage of Plasmodium falciparum reveals several inhibitory compounds.
Inhibition of PU.1 ameliorates metabolic dysfunction and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Tuning amino acid dehydrogenases with featured sequences for L-phosphinothricin synthesis by reductive amination.
Par-4 regulates autophagic cell death in human cancer cells via upregulating p53 and BNIP3.
HERG channel and cancer: A mechanistic review of carcinogenic processes and therapeutic potential.
MicroRNA-31-5p attenuates doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity via quaking and circular RNA Pan3.
The hunt for sORFs: A multidisciplinary strategy.
Long non-coding RNA MALAT1 promotes the proliferation and migration of Schwann cells by elevating BDNF through sponging miR-129-5p.
Expression of TRPC3 in Cortical Lesions from Patients with Focal Cortical Dysplasia.
A new cell line for assessing HIV-1 antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity against a broad range of variants.
A Novel Association Test for Rare Variants Based on Algebraic Statistics.
Low doses of deoxynivalenol inhibit the cell migration mediated by H3K27me3-targeted downregulation of TEM8 expression.
Influence of nonprotective autophagy and the autophagic switch on sensitivity to cisplatin in non-small cell lung cancer cells.
Aplastic anaemia secondary to thymectomy in a patient with myasthenia gravis.
Significance of medial preoptic area among the subcortical and cortical areas that are related to pain regulation in the rats with stress-induced hyperalgesia.
A steady-state modeling approach for simulation of antimicrobial peptide-cell membrane interaction.
Deciphering the internalization mechanism of WRAP:siRNA nanoparticles.
Triterpenoid corosolic acid modulates global CpG methylation and transcriptome of tumor promotor TPA induced mouse epidermal JB6 P+ cells.
Cardiovascular adverse events in patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma treated with first-line cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone (CHOP) or CHOP with rituximab (R-CHOP): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The concentration of fetal red blood cells in first-trimester pregnant women undergoing uterine aspiration is below the calculated threshold for Rh sensitization.
Allicin alleviates inflammation of diabetic macroangiopathy via the Nrf2 and NF-kB pathway.
Vorinostat upregulates MICA via the PI3K/Akt pathway to enhance the ability of natural killer cells to kill tumor cells.
Trafficking of CAR T cells to sites of subclinical leukaemia cutis.
CAR T cells: continuation in a revolution of immunotherapy.
Current and emerging therapies for patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: a bright future.
Inferring Causal Gene Regulatory Networks from Coupled Single-Cell Expression Dynamics Using Scribe.
TREM2: Modulator of Lipid Metabolism in Microglia.
Pathogenic DDX3X Mutations Impair RNA Metabolism and Neurogenesis during Fetal Cortical Development.
Endothelial Glycocalyx Layer Properties and Its Ability to Limit Leukocyte Adhesion.
Maternal Vitamin D Deficiency Causes Sustained Impairment of Lung Structure and Function and Increases Susceptibility to Hyperoxia-Induced Lung Injury in Infant Rats.
Searching for antipneumococcal targets: Choline-binding modules as phagocytosis enhancers.
Metagenome-Guided Proteomic Quantification of Reductive Dehalogenases in the Dehalococcoides mccartyi - Containing Consortium SDC-9.
Endoscopic Resection of a Pediatric Carcinoid Lung Tumor Presenting as Persistent Pneumonia.
The "histological replacement growth pattern" represents aggressive invasive behavior in liver metastasis from pancreatic cancer.
Tamoxifen is a candidate first-in-class inhibitor of acid ceramidase that reduces amitotic division in polyploid giant cancer cells-Unrecognized players in tumorigenesis.
Osthole stimulates bone formation, drives vascularization and retards adipogenesis to alleviate alcohol-induced osteonecrosis of the femoral head.
Long non-coding RNA FEZF1-AS1 induced progression of ovarian cancer via regulating miR-130a-5p/SOX4 axis.
Early experience using salvage radiotherapy for relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphomas after CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy.
Monophosphoryl lipid A alleviated radiation-induced testicular injury through TLR4-dependent exosomes.
Preparation and application of polyvinyl alcohol-decorated cell membrane chromatography for screening anti-osteoporosis components from Liuwei Dihuang Decoction-containing serum.
Commentary on sickle cell non-invasive prenatal testing article.
Niemann-Pick disease with isolated leukemic nonnodal mantle cell lymphoma of the spleen.
A bispecific approach to improving CAR T cells in AML.
Light-responsive expression atlas reveals the effects of light quality and intensity in Kalanchoe fedtschenkoi, a plant with crassulacean acid metabolism.
Let \' s shine a light on fungal infections: A noninvasive imaging toolbox.
Resolution of herpes simplex virus reactivation in vivo results in neuronal destruction.
Starvation-induced autophagy via calcium-dependent TFEB dephosphorylation is suppressed by Shigyakusan.
Induction of competent cells for Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated stable transformation of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.).
Estimation of the central 10-degree visual field using en-face images obtained by optical coherence tomography.
Assessing the binding properties of the anti-PD-1 antibody landscape using label-free biosensors.
An insight into structural plasticity and conformational transitions of transcriptional co-activator Sus1.
Angiotensin II triggers RIPK3-MLKL-mediated necroptosis by activating the Fas/FasL signaling pathway in renal tubular cells.
Deep learning approach to classification of lung cytological images: Two-step training using actual and synthesized images by progressive growing of generative adversarial networks.
Vibration acceleration promotes endochondral formation during fracture healing through cellular chondrogenic differentiation.
Analysis of a large single institution cohort of related donors fails to detect a relation between SDF1/CXCR4 or VCAM/VLA4 genetic polymorphisms and the level of hematopoietic progenitor cell mobilization in response to G-CSF.
Searching for magnetic compass mechanism in pigeon retinal photoreceptors.
Reduced expression of a rhomboid protease, EhROM1, correlates with changes in the submembrane distribution and size of the Gal/GalNAc lectin subunits in the human protozoan parasite, Entamoeba histolytica.
Histone H4 dosage modulates DNA damage response in the pathogenic yeast Candida glabrata via homologous recombination pathway.
FLS2 is a CDK-like kinase that directly binds IFT70 and is required for proper ciliary disassembly in Chlamydomonas.
Biophysicochemical motifs in T cell receptor sequences as a potential biomarker for high-grade serous ovarian carcinoma.
Differentiation of human colon tissue in culture: Effects of calcium on trans-epithelial electrical resistance and tissue cohesive properties.
Cryo-EM structures of the human PA200 and PA200-20S complex reveal regulation of proteasome gate opening and two PA200 apertures.
Role of interleukin-4 in pathogenesis of oral lichen planus: A systematic review.
Different methods of cell quantification can lead to different results: a comparison of digital methods using a pilot study of dendritic cells in HIV-positive patients.
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma in young patients: a 26-year clinicopathologic retrospective study in a Brazilian specialized center.
Oral Human Papillomavirus: a multisite infection.
Dermoid and epidermoid cysts of the oral cavity: a 48-year retrospective study with focus on clinical and morphological features and review of main topics.
Investigation of PTEN promoter methylation in ameloblastoma.
Longxuetongluo capsule alleviates lipopolysaccharide-induced neuroinflammation by regulating multiple signaling pathways in BV2 microglia cells.
Reduction of Extramedullary Complications in Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia/Myelodysplastic Syndrome Treated With Azacitidine.
The Application of Next-generation Sequencing Tumor Molecular Profiling in the Diagnosis and Management of a Case of Acute Myelogenous Leukemia With MLL-PTD (Partial Tandem Duplication) in a Pediatric Heart Transplant Recipient.
Treatment Outcome in Pediatric Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia With Hyperleukocytosis in the Yeungnam Region of Korea: A Multicenter Retrospective Study.
Autologous Stem Cell Transplantation for Children With Renal Tumors, and Adults With Wilms Tumor: Retrospective Analysis of the Japanese Transplant Registry Unified Management Program.
Nonsurgical Management of Acute Appendicitis in Sickle Cell Disease.
Successful Umbilical Cord Blood Transplantation With Reduced-intensity Conditioning for Acute Myeloid Leukemia in a Child With Shwachman-Diamond Syndrome.
Optic Disc Measures in Obstructive Sleep Apnoea: A Community-based Study of Middle-aged and Older Adults.
Positive Status of Epstein-Barr Virus as a Biomarker for Gastric Cancer Immunotherapy: A Prospective Observational Study.
Toward a Long-Term Artificial Lung.
The Harvard Medical School Pathways Curriculum: Reimagining Developmentally Appropriate Medical Education for Contemporary Learners.
White blood cell subtypes as predictors of adverse cardiac events.
PTEN Loss and Cyclin A2 Upregulation Define a PI3K/AKT Pathway Activation in Helicobacter pylori-induced MALT and DLBCL Gastric Lymphoma With Features of MALT.
Minimal PD-1 expression in mouse and human NK cells under diverse conditions.
SIRT2 protects peripheral neurons from cisplatin-induced injury by enhancing nucleotide excision repair.
Quantification of Mitochondrial Membrane Potential in the Isolated Rat Lung Using Rhodamine 6G.
Resistance exercise training promotes fiber type-specific myonuclear adaptations in older adults.
Patterns of Ruxolitinib Therapy Failure and Its Management in Myelofibrosis: Perspectives of the Canadian Myeloproliferative Neoplasm Group.
Prognostic Value of Teratoma in Primary Tumor and Postchemotherapy Retroperitoneal Lymph Node Dissection Specimens in Patients With Metastatic Germ Cell Tumor.
Structural characterization of glaucoma patients with low ocular blood flow.
Application of Bone Marrow-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells for Muscle Healing After Contusion Injury in Mice.
Characteristic Lengths of Interlayer Charge-Transfer in Correlated Oxide Heterostructures.
From Short-Bite Ligand Assembled Ribbons to Nanosized Networks in Cu(I) Coordination Polymers Built Upon Bis(benzylthio)alkanes (BzS(CH2)nSBz; n = 1-9).
Refactoring Ehrlich pathway for high-yield 2-phenylethanol production in Yarrowia lipolytica.
Strategy for Global Profiling and Identification of 2- and 3-Hydroxy Fatty Acids in Plasma by UPLC-MS/MS.
Fucose-galactose polymers inhibit cholera toxin binding to fucosylated structures and galactose-dependent intoxication of human enteroids.
Ultrasound-Guided Cytosolic Protein Delivery via Transient Fluorous Masks.
Vertically Coated Graphene Oxide Micro-Well Arrays for Highly Efficient Cancer Spheroid Formation and Drug Screening.
HbA1c in patients with intracranial meningiomas WHO grades I and II: A preliminary study.
Hypoxia potentiates the capacity of melanoma cells to evade cisplatin and doxorubicin cytotoxicity via glycolytic shift.
Reduction of SOST gene promotes bone formation through the Wnt/beta-catenin signalling pathway and compensates particle-induced osteolysis.
Virulence properties of Campylobacter jejuni are enhanced by displaying a mycobacterial TlyA methylation pattern in its rRNA.
Peptide cargo tunes a network of correlated motions in human leukocyte antigens.
Docetaxel-resistant prostate cancer cells become sensitive to gemcitabine due to the upregulation of ABCB1.
Nitric Oxide Release Device for Remote-Controlled Cancer Therapy by Wireless Charging.
Olaparib and enzalutamide synergistically suppress HCC progression via the AR-mediated miR-146a-5p/BRCA1 signaling.
Polydopamine and Its Derivative Surface Chemistry in Material Science: A Focused Review for Studies at KAIST.
The function of the histone lysine methylation related SET domain group (SDG) proteins in plants.
Edge-Rich Fe-N4 Active Sites in Defective Carbon for Oxygen Reduction Catalysis.
Successful prevention of severe allergic transfusion reactions with omalizumab.
Protease-dependent excitation of nodose ganglion neurons by commensal gut bacteria.
Choice of Study Populations for Vaccines.
Cytomegalovirus Infection in Solid Organ and Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation: State of the Evidence.
The Status of Vaccine Development Against the Human Cytomegalovirus.
Immune Correlates of Protection Against Human Cytomegalovirus Acquisition, Replication, and Disease.
Multi-omic analysis reveals HIP-55-dependent regulation of cytokines release.
Long non-coding RNA FENDRR inhibits migration and invasion of cutaneous malignant melanoma cells.
TdT Expression Is a Marker of Better Survival in Merkel Cell Carcinoma, and Expression of B-Cell Markers Is Associated With Merkel Cell Polyomavirus.
Ethnic Disparities in PET/CT Utilization at Diagnosis of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Evaluating the Use of Circulating MicroRNA Profiles for Lung Cancer Detection in Symptomatic Patients.
A New Therapeutic Era for Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma: Call for a New Prognostic Model.
Incidence and Mortality Risk Spectrum Across Aggressive Variants of Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma.
RNAi nanotherapy for fibrosis: highly durable knockdown of CTGF/CCN-2 using siRNA-DegradaBALL (LEM-S401) to treat skin fibrotic diseases.
Ventromedial hypothalamic nucleus neuronal subset regulates blood glucose independently of insulin.
Renal protective effects of empagliflozin via inhibition of EMT and aberrant glycolysis in proximal tubules.
Thanatogenomic Investigation of the Hydroxymethylome and Mitochondrial Genome of Cadaveric Cardiomyocytes: Proposal for a Proof-of-Concept Study.
Cell type composition and circuit organization of clonally related excitatory neurons in the juvenile mouse neocortex.
Identification of scavenger receptor B1 as the airway microfold cell receptor for Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Characterization of tick-borne encephalitis virus isolated from a tick in central Hokkaido in 2017.
Vitreimonas flagellata gen. nov., sp. nov., a novel member of the family Hyphomonadaceae isolated from an activated sludge sample.
ICTV Virus Taxonomy Profile: Closteroviridae.
Sulfurimonas xiamenensis sp. nov. and Sulfurimonas lithotrophica sp. nov., hydrogen- and sulfur-oxidizing chemolithoautotrophs within the Epsilonproteobacteria isolated from coastal sediments, and an emended description of the genus Sulfurimonas.
Synthesis, Characterization and Anti-hepatoma Activity of New Hederagenin Derivatives.
Rare earth element sequestration by Aspergillus oryzae biomass.
Anti-Ferroptosis Drug Enhances Total-Body Irradiation Mitigation by Drugs that Block Apoptosis and Necroptosis.
Efficacy of arterial infusion of iodized oil on CT-guided cryoablation for renal cell carcinoma.
The histogram analysis of apparent diffusion coefficient in differential diagnosis of parotid tumor.
Prognostic value of cripto-1 expression in non-small-cell lung cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Somuncurins: Bioactive Peptides from the Skin of the Endangered Endemic Patagonian Frog Pleurodema somuncurense.
Chimeric siRNA-DNA Surfactants for the Enhanced Delivery and Sustained Cytotoxicity of a Gold(III) Metallodrug.
Lithium-Oxygen Batteries and Related Systems: Potential, Status, and Future.
Enabling sensitive phenotypic profiling of cancer-derived small extracellular vesicles using surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy nanotags.
Self-Assembly, Nematic Phase Formation and Organocatalytic Behaviour of a Proline-Functionalized Lipopeptide.
Gold nanorods and nanoprisms mediate different photothermal cell death mechanisms in vitro and in vivo.
Energy-Level Graded Al-doped ZnO Protection Layer for Copper Nanowire-Based Window Electrodes for Efficient Flexible Perovskite Solar Cells.
Parental experiences in end-of-life decision-making in allogeneic pediatric stem cell transplantation: "Have I been a good parent?"
Morphological Effects Of Whole-Body Vibration On Remobilization Of The Tibialis Anterior Muscle Of Wistar Rats.
Malignant perivascular epithelioid tumor of the vagina: Report of a rare case with brief review of literature.
Splintered tubercular granuloma-A consistent cytological findings in drug defaulters.
Increased awareness of hypogammaglobulinemia after B-cell targeting therapies.
Pro-fibrotic Activation of Human Macrophages in Systemic Sclerosis.
Direct binding to NLRP3 pyrin domain is a novel strategy to prevent NLRP3-driven inflammation and gouty arthritis.
State-of-the-art treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Factors related to rapid progression of non-small cell lung cancer in Chinese patients treated using single-agent immune checkpoint inhibitor treatment.
Current and future outlook on disease modification and defining low disease activity in systemic sclerosis.
Follistatin is a novel therapeutic target and biomarker in FLT3/ITD acute myeloid leukemia.
Histology of pediatric classic Hodgkin lymphoma: From diagnosis to prognostic stratification.
Microcytic anemia associated with mTOR or calcineurin inhibition: An unusual situation after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Transfection of glycoprotein encoding mRNA for swift evaluation of N-glycan engineering strategies.
Picocyanobacterial cells in near-surface air above terrestrial and freshwater substrates in Greenland and Antarctica.
Tn and Sialyl-Tn antigens in canine gastric tissues.
Pediatric myelofibrosis: WHO 2024 update on myeloproliferative neoplasms calling?
Small-molecule inhibition of aging-associated chromosomal instability delays cellular senescence.
Separation of mononuclear cells and identification of B lymphocytes: A comprehensive experiment for medical students.
Hollow metal organic framework-mediated in-situ architecture of copper dendrites for enhanced CO2 electroreduction.
KEYNOTE-032: A Randomized Phase I Study of Pembrolizumab in Chinese Patients with Advanced Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.
EGFR-ERK pathway regulates CSN6 to contribute to PD-L1 expression in glioblastoma.
Methods for in vitro modeling of glioma invasion: Choosing tools to meet the need.
Loss of myoepithelial calponin-1 characterizes high-risk ductal carcinoma in situ cases, which are further stratified by T cell composition.
Frontline Science: Superior mouse eosinophil depletion in vivo targeting transgenic Siglec-8 instead of endogenous Siglec-F: Mechanisms and pitfalls.
Structural basis for centromere maintenance by Drosophila CENP-A chaperone CAL1.
Platelet Derived Growth Factor Receptor-beta (PDGFRbeta) lineage tracing highlights perivascular cell to myofibroblast transdifferentiation during post-traumatic osteoarthritis.
Infection-driven activation of transglutaminase 2 boosts glucose uptake and hexosamine biosynthesis in epithelial cells.
Magnetic Retrieval of Encapsulated Beta Cell Transplants from Diabetic Mice Using Dual-Function MRI Visible and Retrievable Microcapsules.
Prognostic value of an inflammatory index for patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer.
The value of transfusion of phenotyped blood units for thalassemia and sickle cell anemia patients at an academic center.
Sepsis-related anemia in a pediatric intensive care unit: transfusion-associated outcomes.
Preoperative transfusion versus no transfusion policy in sickle cell disease patients: a randomized trial.
Evaluation of a point-of-care method for screening blood donors for sickle cell status.
Transfusion-associated adverse events and implementation of blood safety measures - findings from the 2017 National Blood Collection and Utilization Survey.
Supplemental findings of the 2017 National Blood Collection and Utilization Survey.
Round Cell Sarcoma with EWSR1-PATZ1 Gene Fusion in the Neck: Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Postnatal Development of the Entorhinal Cortex: A Stereological Study in Macaque Monkeys.
Effectiveness of boosted darunavir plus rilpivirine in patients with long-lasting HIV-1 infection: DARIL study.
Direct micro-scale monitoring of molecular aggregation, its growth and diffusion via aggregation-induced emission.
Synthesis and antiproliferative activity of 6-naphthylpterocarpans.
A label-free homogeneous electrochemical cytosensor for the ultrasensitive detection of cancer cells based on multiaptamer-functionalized DNA tetrahedral nanostructures.
Ultra pH-sensitive polymeric nanovesicles co-deliver doxorubicin and navitoclax for synergetic therapy of endometrial carcinoma.
Screening of by-products from the food industry as growth promoting agents in serum-free media for skeletal muscle cell culture.
An anthraquinone-imidazole-based colorimetric and fluorescent sensor for the sequential detection of Ag+ and biothiols in living cells.
Piperlongumine increases the apoptotic effect of doxorubicin and paclitaxel in a cervical cancer cell line.
Outcome of vitrectomy for advanced proliferative vitreoretinopathy complicating primary rhegmatogenous retinal detachment among Nigerians.
Crystal structure of Arabidopsis thaliana neutral invertase 2.
Engineering the Fab fragment of the anti-IgE omalizumab to prevent Fab crystallization and permit IgE-Fc complex crystallization.
Extending the scope of coiled-coil crystal structure solution by AMPLE through improved ab initio modelling.
Dietary fresh fish and processed fish intake and the risk of glioma: A meta-analysis of observational studies.
Focusing on the brighter side of Sevoflurane: Realizing true potential of an anesthetic agent as a regulator of cell signaling pathways and microRNAs in different cancers.
Benefit of an association of an antioxidative substrate and a traditional chinese medicine on telomere elongation.
The micromorphological investigation of pollen grains of some important allergenic plants in Kermanshah (West of Iran).
Efficacy of Allium sativum oil to alleviate tebuconazol-induced oxidative stress in the liver of adult rats.
CD4+ regulatory T cells and CD4+ activated T cells in new active and relapse tuberculosis.
Multidrug resistance of the extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae isolated in Tizi-Ouzou (Algeria).
Gene variants of TCF7L2 are histopathologically important in colorectal cancers but do not have direct association with MYC expression.
Toxicity Evaluation of the Subacute Diazinon in Aged Male Rats: Hematological Aspects.
G protein-coupled receptors in cancer stem cells.
New insights about regulatory T cells distribution and function with exercise: the role of immunometabolism.
Non-Enzymatic Protein Acetylation by 7-acetoxy-4-methylcoumarin: Implications in Protein Biochemistry.
Factors Associated With Length of Hospital Stay Following Liver Transplant Surgery.
De Novo Malignancy After Heart, Kidney, and Liver Transplant: A Nationwide Study in Taiwan.
Bone cancer-induced pain is associated with glutamate signalling in peripheral sensory neurons.
Small RNAs OmrA and OmrB promote class III flagellar gene expression by inhibiting the synthesis of anti-Sigma factor FlgM.
Reduced-intensity fludarabine/melphalan confers similar survival to busulfan/fludarabine myeloablative regimens for patients with acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplasia.
Co-delivery of brinzolamide and miRNA-124 by biodegradable nanoparticles as a strategy for glaucoma therapy.
Activin A overexpression promotes rat follicular development through SCF-kit-mediated cell signals.
Benralizumab: an updated treatment of eosinophilic asthma.
Incorporation of methotrexate into coconut oil nanoemulsion potentiates its antiproliferation activity and attenuates its oxidative stress.
Oxidative stress induction is a rational strategy to enhance the productivity of Antrodia cinnamomea fermentations for the antioxidant secondary metabolite antrodin C.
Self-Powered Biosensing Platform Based on "Signal-On" Enzymatic Biofuel Cell for DNA Methyltransferase Activity Analysis and Inhibitor Screening.
Addressing the analytical challenges for the detection of ciguatoxins using an electrochemical biosensor.
Integrated Microfluidic Sample-to-Answer System for Direct Nucleic Acid-Based Detection of Group B Streptococcus in Clinical Vaginal/Anal Swab Samples.
Robust de novo designed homotetrameric coiled coils.
Comparative analysis of CPI-motif regulation of biochemical functions of actin capping protein.
Antibody Response against Cowpea Mosaic Viral Nanoparticles Improves In Situ Vaccine Efficacy in Ovarian Cancer.
Enhancing Grain Growth for Efficient Solution-Processed (Cu,Ag)2ZnSn(S,Se)4 Solar Cells Based on Acetate Precursor.
Critical Roles of Deubiquitinating Enzymes in the Nervous System and Neurodegenerative Disorders.
Amyloid precursor protein regulates 5-fluorouracil resistance in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells by inhibiting the mitochondrial apoptotic pathway.
Inhibition of chemotherapy-related breast tumor EMT by application of redox-sensitive siRNA delivery system CSO-ss-SA/siRNA along with doxorubicin treatment.
Regulatory mechanisms and therapeutic potential of microglial inhibitors in neuropathic pain and morphine tolerance.
Role of LINC00152 in non-small cell lung cancer.
Evolution of glial wrapping: a new hypothesis.
Deregulation of miR-27a may contribute to canine fibroblast activation after co-culture with a mast cell tumour cell line.
Identification of signal peptide features for substrate specificity in human Sec62/Sec63-dependent ER protein import.
Response to "Increased awareness of hypogammaglobulinemia after B-cell targeting therapies" by Karim MY.
Prognostic value of biomarkers in primary small cell carcinoma of the esophagus.
A clinical and experimental study of adult hereditary spherocytosis in the Chinese population.
Loss-of-function of Endothelin receptor type A results in Oro-Oto-Cardiac syndrome.
MicroRNA-129-5p represses the growth and aggressiveness of oral squamous cell carcinoma via suppressing HMGB1.
The Vibrio cholerae Type VI Secretion System: Toxins, Regulators and Consequences.
Correlating pressure-induced emission modulation with linker rotation in a photoluminescent MOF.
Targeting the USP1 dependent KDM4A protein stability as a potential prostate cancer therapy.
Sulfonated microporous polymer membranes with fast and selective ion transport for electrochemical energy conversion and storage.
USP1 deubiquitinates Akt to inhibit PI3K-Akt-FoxO signaling in muscle during prolonged starvation.
Non-clinical efficacy, safety, and stable clinical cell processing of iPSC-derived anti-GPC3 CAR-expressing NK/ILC cells.
Optimization of extraction for Anemarrhena asphodeloides Bge. using silica gel-based vortex-homogenized matrix solid-phase dispersion and rapid identification of antioxidant substances.
A Comparative Study of the Turnover of Multiciliated Cells in the Mouse Trachea, Oviduct and Brain.
Phylogenetic comparison of plant U1-70K gene family, central spliceosomal proteins on 5 \'  splice site determination, in response to developmental cues and stress conditions.
Endemic Burkitt lymphoma - an aggressive childhood cancer linked to Plasmodium falciparum exposure, but not to exposure to other malaria parasites.
Endogenous oxytocin inhibits hypothalamic corticotrophin-releasing hormone neurones following acute hypernatraemia.
Elevation of CD109 promotes metastasis and drug resistance in lung cancer via activation of EGFR-AKT-mTOR signaling.
A Self-Assembled Small Molecule-Based Hole Transporting Material for Inverted Perovskite Solar Cells.
PYCR1 knockdown inhibits the proliferation, migration, and invasion by affecting JAK/STAT signaling pathway in lung adenocarcinoma.
Pediatric acute graft-versus-host disease prophylaxis and treatment: Real-life approach reveals dissimilarities compared to published recommendations.
Histological features of photodamage and mast cell infiltrate in actinic cheilitis with different grades of epithelial dysplasia.
Speculations on the evolution of humoral adaptive immunity.
Sarcopenia is associated with worse overall survival in patients with anal squamous cell cancer.
CircRNA_0005075 suppresses carcinogenesis via regulating miR-431/p53/epithelial-mesenchymal transition axis in gastric cancer.
Inspection of visible components in urine based on deep learning.
A novel add-on collimator for preclinical radiotherapy applications using a standard cell irradiator: design, construction and validation.
Prospective evaluation of the utility of cross-matching prior to first transfusion in cats: 101 cases.
Glucocorticoids delivered by inorganic-organic hybrid nanoparticles mitigate acute graft-versus-host disease and sustain graft-versus-leukemia activity.
Application of ultra-high voltage electron microscope tomography to 3D imaging of microtubules in neurites of cultured PC12 cells.
Molecular characterization and expressional quantification of lgp2, a modulatory co-receptor of RLR- signaling pathway in the Indian major carp, Labeo rohita, following pathogenic challenges and PAMPs stimulations.
Critical role of OX40 in drug-induced acute liver injury.
Inhibition of Stearoyl-CoA desaturases suppresses follicular help T and germinal center B cell responses.
Modified diagnostic criteria, grading classification and newly elucidated pathophysiology of hepatic SOS/VOD after haematopoietic cell transplantation.
IGF-binding proteins 3 and 4 are regulators of sprouting angiogenesis.
Development and feasibility of quantitative dynamic cardiac imaging for mice using muSPECT.
Oats as a Safe Alternative to Triticeae Cereals for People Suffering from Celiac Disease? A Review.
Delivery of Small Molecule EF2 Kinase Inhibitor for Breast and Pancreatic Cancer Cells Using Hyaluronic Acid Based Nanogels.
Role of intraoperative ultrasound in robotic-assisted radical nephrectomy with inferior vena cava thrombectomy in renal cell carcinoma.
Differentially expressed lncRNAs in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from middle-aged female patients with rheumatoid arthritis-associated interstitial lung disease.
Whey milk proteomics from Schistosoma mansoni-infected mice reveals proteins involved in immunomodulation of the offspring.
Enhancer occlusion transcripts regulate the activity of human enhancer domains via transcriptional interference: a computational perspective.
In Reply: White Blood Cell Count Improves Prediction of Delayed Cerebral Ischemia Following Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage.
An Amino Acid-Based Oral Rehydration Solution Regulates Radiation-Induced Intestinal Barrier Disruption in Mice.
Treatment of an Aggressive Orthotopic Murine Glioblastoma Model with Combination Checkpoint Blockade and a Multivalent Neoantigen Vaccine.
ZCCHC3 modulates TLR3-mediated signaling by promoting recruitment of TRIF to TLR3.
Locally acting transcription factors regulate p53-dependent cis-regulatory element activity.
Predictive value of three clinical criteria for sepsis (qSOFA, SIRS, and NEWS) with respect to short-term mortality in allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant recipients with suspected infections.
A sepsis screening tool for hematopoietic cell transplant recipients remains elusive.
Surfaces immobilized with oligo-prolines prevent protein adsorption and cell adhesion.
Permeation of nanoparticles across the intestinal lipid membrane: dependence on shape and surface chemistry studied through molecular simulations.
Bridging energy bands to the crystalline and amorphous states of Si QDs.
Dye-doped biodegradable nanoparticle SiO2 coating on zinc- and iron-oxide nanoparticles to improve biocompatibility and for in vivo imaging studies.
Human mesenchymal stem cell (hMSC) differentiation towards cardiac cells using a new microbioanalytical method.
The evaluation of oxidative stress in osteoarthritis.
OPTIMIZATION OF COLLAGEN-ELASTIN-LIKE POLYPEPTIDE-BIOGLASS SCAFFOLD COMPOSITION FOR OSTEOGENIC DIFFERENTIATION OF ADIPOSE-DERIVED STEM CELLS.
New insights provided by myofibril mechanics in inherited cardiomyopathies.
Evaluation of the cytotoxic and cellular proteome impacts of food-grade TiO2 (E171) using simulated gastrointestinal digestions and a tri-culture small intestinal epithelial model.
A proteome-wide assessment of the oxidative stress paradigm for metal and metal-oxide nanomaterials in human macrophages.
Dispersion preparation, characterization, and dosimetric analysis of cellulose nano-fibrils and nano-crystals: Implications for cellular toxicological studies.
Precision cell-free DNA extraction for liquid biopsy by integrated microfluidics.
Annexin A1 accounts for an anti-inflammatory binding target of sesamin metabolites.
Hepatic Portal Venous Gas: An Ill Omen or a Misleading Sign.
Nitric oxide disrupts bacterial cytokinesis by poisoning purine metabolism.
Blood-stage malaria parasites manipulate host innate immune responses through the induction of sFGL2.
Hydrogel cross-linking-programmed release of nitric oxide regulates source-dependent angiogenic behaviors of human mesenchymal stem cell.
Multi-omics characterization of molecular features of gastric cancer correlated with response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Skin-specific antibodies neutralizing mycolactone toxin during the spontaneous healing of Mycobacterium ulcerans infection.
Development and Evaluation of Paclitaxel-Loaded Aerosol Nanocomposite Microparticles and Their Efficacy Against Air-Grown Lung Cancer Tumor Spheroids.
Effect of simulated microgravity on the antidiabetic properties of wheatgrass (Triticum aestivum) in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Association between TIM-3 polymorphisms and cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Nickel Metalloregulators and Chaperones.
Expression Pattern Analysis of Antiviral Genes and Inflammatory Cytokines in PEDV-Infected Porcine Intestinal Epithelial Cells.
Sequential Surgical Procedures in Vascular Surgery Patients Are Associated With Perioperative Adverse Cardiac Events.
Clinical Outcomes From Cultivated Allogenic Stem Cells vs. Oral Mucosa Epithelial Transplants in Total Bilateral Stem Cells Deficiency.
Hap-E Search 2.0: Improving the Performance of a Probabilistic Donor-Recipient Matching Algorithm Based on Haplotype Frequencies.
Organoid Models of Human Endometrial Development and Disease.
FGF Signaling Pathway: A Key Regulator of Stem Cell Pluripotency.
Mesenchymal Stem Cells Beyond Regenerative Medicine.
Beyond the Blood: CSF-Derived cfDNA for Diagnosis and Characterization of CNS Tumors.
Current Evidence on Cell Death in Preterm Brain Injury in Human and Preclinical Models.
In situ Enabling Approaches for Tissue Regeneration: Current Challenges and New Developments.
Electrospun Polymers in Cartilage Engineering-State of Play.
Targeted Drug Delivery via the Use of ECM-Mimetic Materials.
Intracellular Recording of Human Cardiac Action Potentials on Market-Available Multielectrode Array Platforms.
LINC00346 Acts as a Competing Endogenous RNA Regulating Development of Hepatocellular Carcinoma via Modulating CDK1/CCNB1 Axis.
A Method for Producing Highly Pure Magnetosomes in Large Quantity for Medical Applications Using Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense MSR-1 Magnetotactic Bacteria Amplified in Minimal Growth Media.
Dimeric Pimprinine Alkaloids From Soil-Derived Streptomyces sp. NEAU-C99.
Novel Heteroatom-Doped Fe/N/C Electrocatalysts With Superior Activities for Oxygen Reduction Reaction in Both Acid and Alkaline Solutions.
A PEGDA/DNA Hybrid Hydrogel for Cell-Free Protein Synthesis.
Behcet \' s Disease and Tuberculosis: A Complex Relationship.
Regulation of NK-Cell Function by HLA Class II.
Molecular Epidemiology, Antibiotic Resistance, and Virulence Traits of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia Strains Associated With an Outbreak in a Mexican Tertiary Care Hospital.
Disruption of Intracellular Calcium Homeostasis as a Therapeutic Target Against Trypanosoma cruzi.
Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus Infection Alters the Sialome of Ixodes ricinus Ticks During the Earliest Stages of Feeding.
Rapid Detection of Nocardia by Next-Generation Sequencing.
Modifying the Non-muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer Immune Microenvironment for Optimal Therapeutic Response.
The Engagement Between MDSCs and Metastases: Partners in Crime.
Validation of Novel Prognostic Biomarkers for Early-Stage Clear-Cell, Endometrioid and Mucinous Ovarian Carcinomas Using Immunohistochemistry.
Polyploid Adipose Stem Cells Shift the Balance of IGF1/IGFBP2 to Promote the Growth of Breast Cancer.
Fatty Acid Metabolism, Bone Marrow Adipocytes, and AML.
Development of an Immune Infiltration-Related Prognostic Scoring System Based on the Genomic Landscape Analysis of Glioblastoma Multiforme.
Insights Into Genetic Landscape of Large Granular Lymphocyte Leukemia.
Combination of Ruthenium Complex and Doxorubicin Synergistically Inhibits Cancer Cell Growth by Down-Regulating PI3K/AKT Signaling Pathway.
Influence of Estrogen on the NSCLC Microenvironment: A Comprehensive Picture and Clinical Implications.
Antiangiogeneic Strategies in Mesothelioma.
Cucurbitacin D Overcomes Gefitinib Resistance by Blocking EGF Binding to EGFR and Inducing Cell Death in NSCLCs.
The Prognostic Significance of Metabolic Syndrome and a Related Six-lncRNA Signature in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
CT-Based Radiomic Signature as a Prognostic Factor in Stage IV ALK-Positive Non-small-cell Lung Cancer Treated With TKI Crizotinib: A Proof-of-Concept Study.
Microenergy acoustic pulses induced myogenesis of urethral striated muscle stem/progenitor cells.
Metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma in isolated retroperitoneal lymph node without evidence of primary tumor in kidneys: A case report.
Objective response rate assessment in oncology: Current situation and future expectations.
Mediastinal Hibernoma: A Rare Cause of Chronic Cough.
Hemosiderotic Dermatofibroma: A Rare and Atypical Variant Capable of Clinically Resembling Melanoma.
Adult-onset Primary Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis: Reporting a Rare Case with Review of Literature.
Fat-Containing Renal Cell Carcinoma Mimicking Angiomyolipoma: A Radiological and Histopathological Diagnostic Challenge.
Giant Cell Myocarditis: A Time Sensitive Distant Diagnosis.
Four-dimensional visualization of zebrafish cardiovascular and vessel dynamics by a structured illumination microscope with electrically tunable lens.
Raman spectroscopy combined with multivariate analysis to study the biochemical mechanism of lung cancer microwave ablation.
Multiview microscopy of single cells through microstructure-based indirect optical manipulation.
Three-dimensional imaging of cell and extracellular matrix elasticity using quantitative micro-elastography.
Comparing strategies for deep astigmatism-based single-molecule localization microscopy.
Miniaturized multimodal multiphoton microscope for simultaneous two-photon and three-photon imaging with a dual-wavelength Er-doped fiber laser.
Osteoclasts are not a source of SLIT3.
Melatonin alleviates intervertebral disc degeneration by disrupting the IL-1beta/NF-kappaB-NLRP3 inflammasome positive feedback loop.
Elimination of antibiotic resistance genes and control of horizontal transfer risk by UV-based treatment of drinking water: A mini review.
Effects of improved complementary feeding and improved water, sanitation and hygiene on early child development among HIV-exposed children: substudy of a cluster randomised trial in rural Zimbabwe.
Both IDO1 and TDO contribute to the malignancy of gliomas via the Kyn-AhR-AQP4 signaling pathway.
Pharmacological tools to mobilise mesenchymal stromal cells into the blood promote bone formation after surgery.
Single-cell sperm transcriptomes and variants from fathers of children with and without autism spectrum disorder.
Comparative genetic analysis of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV/SARS-CoV-2) receptor ACE2 in different populations.
Phase-adjusted estimation of the number of Coronavirus Disease 2019 cases in Wuhan, China.
Structure and plasticity of silent synapses in developing hippocampal neurons visualized by super-resolution imaging.
Co-exposure to the food additives SiO2 (E551) or TiO2 (E171) and the pesticide boscalid increases cytotoxicity and bioavailability of the pesticide in a tri-culture small intestinal epithelium model: Potential health implications.
Toxicological effects of ingested nanocellulose in in vitro intestinal epithelium and in vivo rat models.
Three cases of advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma treated with a combination of carboplatin and epirubicin.
Aortic dissection after ramucirumab infusion.
High-contrast, fast chemical imaging by coherent Raman scattering using a self-synchronized two-colour fibre laser.
Controlling the radical-induced redox chemistry inside a liquid-cell TEM.
Design of a MUC1-based tricomponent vaccine adjuvanted with FSL-1 for cancer immunotherapy.
Evaluation of anti-inflammatory activity and molecular docking study of new aza-bicyclic isoxazoline acylhydrazone derivatives.
Comparison of Two Validation Nutrition Tools in Hospitalized Elderly: Full Mini Nutritional Assessment and Short-form Mini Nutritional Assessment.
Antiproliferative and Anti-invasion Effects of Carvacrol on PC3 Human Prostate Cancer Cells through Reducing pSTAT3, pAKT, and pERK1/2 Signaling Proteins.
Ameliorative effects of silymarin on HCl-induced acute lung injury in rats; role of the Nrf-2/HO-1 pathway.
Influence of simvastatin on the biological behavior of nucleus pulposus-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
Synthesis and evaluation of a prodrug of 5-aminosalicylic acid for the treatment of ulcerative colitis.
Analgesic effect of alpha-terpineol on neuropathic pain induced by chronic constriction injury in rat sciatic nerve: Involvement of spinal microglial cells and inflammatory cytokines.
Antioxidant, anti-apoptotic, and protective effects of myricitrin and its solid lipid nanoparticle on streptozotocin-nicotinamide-induced diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetic male mice.
Protective effects of 2-methoxycinnamaldehyde an active ingredients of Cinnamomum cassia on warm hepatic ischemia reperfusion injury in rat model.
Checkpoint blockade inhibitors enhances the effectiveness of a Listeria monocytogenes-based melanoma vaccine.
MAGE-A inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation in multiple myeloma through regulation of BIM and p21Cip1.
DNA dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) enhances HIV transcription by promoting RNA polymerase II activity and recruitment of transcription machinery at HIV LTR.
Mifamurtide and TAM-like macrophages: effect on proliferation, migration and differentiation of osteosarcoma cells.
Randomized, double-blind trial of F14512, a polyamine-vectorized anticancer drug, compared with etoposide phosphate, in dogs with naturally occurring lymphoma.
Tree Growth Under Climate Change: Evidence From Xylogenesis Timings and Kinetics.
Open-Bud Duplicate Loci Are Identified as MML10s, Orthologs of MIXTA-Like Genes on Homologous Chromosomes of Allotetraploid Cotton.
TRIM59 Protects Mice From Sepsis by Regulating Inflammation and Phagocytosis in Macrophages.
C-Type Lectin-Like Receptors: Head or Tail in Cell Death Immunity.
BCAP Regulates Dendritic Cell Maturation Through the Dual-Regulation of NF-kappaB and PI3K/AKT Signaling During Infection.
The PRRSV-Specific Memory B Cell Response Is Long-Lived in Blood and Is Boosted During Live Virus Re-exposure.
Editorial: Safety, Efficacy and Mechanisms of Action of Mesenchymal Stem Cell Therapies.
A Comparison of Immunoglobulin Variable Region N-Linked Glycosylation in Healthy Donors, Autoimmune Disease and Lymphoma.
CpG Oligonucleotides Protect Mice From Alphavirus Encephalitis: Role of NK Cells, Interferons, and TNF.
Reduced Let-7f in Bone Marrow-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Triggers Treg/Th17 Imbalance in Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Syndecans in Inflammation at a Glance.
Crystalline Silica Impairs Efferocytosis Abilities of Human and Mouse Macrophages: Implication for Silica-Associated Systemic Sclerosis.
NLRP3 Inflammasome-A Key Player in Antiviral Responses.
Imaging Flow Cytometry Protocols for Examining Phagocytosis of Microplastics and Bioparticles by Immune Cells of Aquatic Animals.
The Use of Both Therapeutic and Prophylactic Vaccines in the Therapy of Papillomavirus Disease.
Strong CD4 T Cell Responses to Zika Virus Antigens in a Cohort of Dengue Virus Immune Mothers of Congenital Zika Virus Syndrome Infants.
The TLR5 Agonist Flagellin Shapes Phenotypical and Functional Activation of Lung Mucosal Antigen Presenting Cells in Neonatal Mice.
Subordinate Effect of -21M HLA-B Dimorphism on NK Cell Repertoire Diversity and Function in HIV-1 Infected Individuals of African Origin.
Classical Activation of Macrophages Leads to Lipid Droplet Formation Without de novo Fatty Acid Synthesis.
Wnt Signaling Cascade in Dendritic Cells and Regulation of Anti-tumor Immunity.
Corrigendum: Increased Expression of sST2 in Early HIV Infected Patients Attenuated the IL-33 Induced T Cell Responses.
T Lymphocyte-Mediated Liver Immunopathology of Schistosomiasis.
The Methyltransferase AflSet1 Is Involved in Fungal Morphogenesis, AFB1 Biosynthesis, and Virulence of Aspergillus flavus.
Disclosing the Potential of the SARP-Type Regulator PapR2 for the Activation of Antibiotic Gene Clusters in Streptomycetes.
Characterization of Growth Morphology and Pathology, and Draft Genome Sequencing of Botrytis fabae, the Causal Organism of Chocolate Spot of Faba Bean (Vicia faba L.).
Comparative Transcriptomics Analysis of the Responses of the Filamentous Fungus Glarea lozoyensis to Different Carbon Sources.
Invasion of Host Cells by Microsporidia.
CO2-Induced Transcriptional Reorganization: Molecular Basis of Capnophillic Lactic Fermentation in Thermotoga neapolitana.
PromA Plasmids Are Instrumental in the Dissemination of Linuron Catabolic Genes Between Different Genera.
Interfering Role of ERalpha on Adiponectin Action in Breast Cancer.
A Novel Risk Stratification System for Thyroid Nodules With Indeterminate Cytology-A Pilot Cohort Study.
A Scoping Review of Inborn Errors of Metabolism Causing Progressive Intellectual and Neurologic Deterioration (PIND).
CRISPR/Cas9-Induced Loss of Keap1 Enhances Anti-oxidation in Rat Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Determination of Chitin Content in Insects: An Alternate Method Based on Calcofluor Staining.
Modeling Bainbridge-Ropers Syndrome in Xenopus laevis Embryos.
The Effects of Calorie Restriction and Exercise on Age-Related Alterations in Corpus Cavernosum.
Protective Effect of Stachydrine Against Cerebral Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury by Reducing Inflammation and Apoptosis Through P65 and JAK2/STAT3 Signaling Pathway.
Contrasting Effects of Adipokines on the Cytokine Production by Primary Human Bronchial Epithelial Cells: Inhibitory Effects of Adiponectin.
Phytopharmacology and Clinical Updates of Berberis Species Against Diabetes and Other Metabolic Diseases.
Resonance in the Mouse Ventral Tegmental Area Dopaminergic Network Induced by Regular and Poisson Distributed Optogenetic Stimulation in-vitro.
Chaperone Mediated Autophagy Degrades TDP-43 Protein and Is Affected by TDP-43 Aggregation.
Evolution and Comparative Physiology of Luqin-Type Neuropeptide Signaling.
Effects of Cigarette Smoke on the Nasal Respiratory and Olfactory Mucosa in Allergic Rhinitis Mice.
Neurons and Glia Cells in Marine Invertebrates: An Update.
New Vision for Visual Prostheses.
Angiosarcomaafteradjuvantradiotherapy in high-risksquamouscell carcinoma of the vulva: a case report.
Multicore Liquid Perfluorocarbon-Loaded Multimodal Nanoparticles for Stable Ultrasound and 19F MRI Applied to In Vivo Cell Tracking.
Hinokitiol reduces tumor metastasis by inhibiting heparanase via extracellular signal-regulated kinase and protein kinase B pathway.
Dual Loading of Nanoparticles with Doxorubicin and Icotinib for the Synergistic Suppression of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Pathobiological Mechanisms of Endothelial Dysfunction Induced by tert-Butyl Hydroperoxide via Apoptosis, Necrosis and Senescence in a Rat Model.
Supercritical Carbon Dioxide-decellularized Porcine Acellular Dermal Matrix combined with Autologous Adipose-derived Stem Cells: Its Role in Accelerated Diabetic Wound Healing.
Upregulation of Enzymes involved in ISGylation and Ubiquitination in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Aqueous Ocimum gratissimum extract induces cell apoptosis in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Difference of genomic copy numbers alterations between hairy cell leukemia-variant and classical hairy cell leukemia: a pilot retrospective study in Chinese.
Hydrogen Sulfide Inhibits Homocysteine-Induced Neuronal Senescence by Up-Regulation of SIRT1.
Left Atrial to Femoral Artery Full Cardiopulmonary Bypass: A Novel Technique for Descending and Thoracoabdominal Aortic Surgery.
A NOVEL PROGNOSTIC INDEX IN PATIENTS WITH RESECTABLE ESOPHAGEAL SQUAMOUS CELL CARCINOMA: FIBRINOGEN/PREALBUMIN RATIO.
NEUTROPHIL SCATTERING DATA DRIVEN PRE-MICROSCOPIC FLAGGING OF ACUTE LEUKEMIC CASES.
HEREDITARY PITUITARY TUMOR SYNDROMES: GENETIC AND CLINICAL ASPECTS.
Single-cell structural variations.
Clonal tracking using embedded viral barcoding and high-throughput sequencing.
Publisher Correction: Single-cell and spatial transcriptomics reveal somitogenesis in gastruloids.
Decoy exosomes provide protection against bacterial toxins.
Alcohol-derived DNA crosslinks are repaired by two distinct mechanisms.
Recurrent interactions in local cortical circuits.
Mitochondrial stress is relayed to the cytosol by an OMA1-DELE1-HRI pathway.
A pathway coordinated by DELE1 relays mitochondrial stress to the cytosol.
DNA-loop extruding condensin complexes can traverse one another.
Synaptotagmin 13 - the key to cell resilience in motor neuron disease?
Tunable correlated Chern insulator and ferromagnetism in a moire superlattice.
Surviving Hiroshima, humanity \' s footprints, and the truth about stem cells: Books in brief.
Defining trained immunity and its role in health and disease.
The PIWI protein Aubergine recruits eIF3 to activate translation in the germ plasm.
Targeting immunometabolism as an anti-inflammatory strategy.
EGFR activation-induced decreases in claudin1 promote MUC5AC expression and exacerbate asthma in mice.
Innate lymphoid cells: Potent early mediators of the host immune response during sepsis.
Novel antibody epitopes dominate the antigenicity of spike glycoprotein in SARS-CoV-2 compared to SARS-CoV.
Centenarian longevity is positively correlated with IgE levels but negatively correlated with C3/C4 levels, abdominal obesity and metabolic syndrome.
PEITC triggers multiple forms of cell death by GSH-iron-ROS regulation in K7M2 murine osteosarcoma cells.
miR-27a is a master regulator of metabolic reprogramming and chemoresistance in colorectal cancer.
Management of hyperleukocytosis and impact of leukapheresis among patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) on short- and long-term clinical outcomes: a large, retrospective, multicenter, international study.
Autologous stem cell transplantation for lymphoma in HIV+ patients: higher rate of infections compared with non-HIV lymphoma.
MNK1 signaling induces an ANGPTL4-mediated gene signature to drive melanoma progression.
Induced pluripotent stem cell-derived tenocyte-like cells promote the regeneration of injured tendons in mice.
Virus Like Particles (VLP) as multivalent vaccine candidate against Chikungunya, Japanese Encephalitis, Yellow Fever and Zika Virus.
Dynamics of ColicinE2 production and release determine the competitive success of a toxin-producing bacterial population.
Therapeutic normal IgG intravenous immunoglobulin activates Wnt-beta-catenin pathway in dendritic cells.
Immunotherapeutic potential of CD4 and CD8 single-positive T cells in thymic epithelial tumors.
Effect of osmolytes on in-vitro aggregation properties of peptides derived from TGFBIp.
Very-long-chain fatty acid metabolic capacity of 17-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 12 (HSD17B12) promotes replication of hepatitis C virus and related flaviviruses.
Structural features of the interaction of MapZ with FtsZ and membranes in Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Paclitaxel-induced peripheral neuropathy is caused by epidermal ROS and mitochondrial damage through conserved MMP-13 activation.
Immune metabolism regulation of the germinal center response.
A durable murine model of spleen transplantation with arterial and venous anastomoses.
Indirect regulation of TFPI-2 expression by miR-494 in breast cancer cells.
Author Correction: Drug-induced PD-L1 expression and cell stress response in breast cancer cells can be balanced by drug combination.
Theileria parasites subvert E2F signaling to stimulate leukocyte proliferation.
Publisher Correction: Enabling precision medicine by unravelling disease pathophysiology: quantifying signal transduction pathway activity across cell and tissue types.
High-Throughput Screening to Predict Chemical-Assay Interference.
A competent bidrug loaded water soluble chitosan derivative for the effective inhibition of breast cancer.
A Systematic Study of the Impact of Estrogens and Selective Estrogen Receptor Modulators on Prostate Cancer Cell Proliferation.
Oxidative stress enhanced the transforming growth factor-beta2-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition through chemokine ligand 1 on ARPE-19 cell.
BCAP31, a cancer/testis antigen-like protein, can act as a probe for non-small-cell lung cancer metastasis.
Basic Limonoid modulates Chaperone-mediated Proteostasis and dissolve Tau fibrils.
In vitro and intracellular activities of frog skin temporins against Legionella pneumophila and its eukaryotic hosts.
Publisher Correction: Stable isotope metabolomics of pulmonary artery smooth muscle and endothelial cells in pulmonary hypertension and with TGF-beta treatment.
A novel alpha-fetoprotein-derived helper T-lymphocyte epitope with strong immunogenicity in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Selective Targeting of Virus Replication by Proton Pump Inhibitors.
Publisher Correction: Profiling the susceptibility of Pseudomonas aeruginosa strains from acute and chronic infections to cell-wall-targeting immune proteins.
Lactation stage impacts the glycolytic function of bovine CD4+ T cells during ex vivo activation.
Extracellular vesicle-miRNAs as liquid biopsy biomarkers for disease identification and prognosis in metastatic colorectal cancer patients.
Author Correction: Light Intensity-dependent Variation in Defect Contributions to Charge Transport and Recombination in a Planar MAPbI3 Perovskite Solar Cell.
Bacterial chemotaxis towards polysaccharide pectin by pectin-binding protein.
Therapeutic potential of KLF2-induced exosomal microRNAs in pulmonary hypertension.
Differential DNA methylation of vocal and facial anatomy genes in modern humans.
Longitudinal spatial dataset on travel times and distances by different travel modes in Helsinki Region.
Inducible cell-to-cell signaling for tunable dynamics in microbial communities.
Disordered protein-graphene oxide co-assembly and supramolecular biofabrication of functional fluidic devices.
Directed self-assembly of viologen-based 2D semiconductors with intrinsic UV-SWIR photoresponse after photo/thermo activation.
Escherichia coli adhesion portion FimH functions as an adjuvant for cancer immunotherapy.
Multi-functional anodes boost the transient power and durability of proton exchange membrane fuel cells.
Ratiometric population sensing by a pump-probe signaling system in Bacillus subtilis.
Novel CB1 receptor antagonist BAR-1 modifies pancreatic islet function and clinical parameters in prediabetic and diabetic mice.
Veno-occlusive disease/sinusoidal obstruction syndrome in patients with prior gemtuzumab ozogamicin: literature analysis of survival after defibrotide treatment.
Tenascin C in the Tumor-Nerve Microenvironment Enhances Perineural Invasion and Correlates With Locoregional Recurrence in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
Overexpression of Nrf2 Protects Against Lipopolysaccharide and Cerulein-Induced Pancreatitis In Vitro and In Vivo.
Impact of Early Tranexamic Acid Administration on Overall Blood Product Utilization at 24 Hours.
Non-surgical mouse model of endometriosis-associated pain that responds to clinically active drugs.
The glomerular crescent: triggers, evolution, resolution, and implications for therapy.
Evaluation of factors associated with the risk stratification of survivorship for stage IV squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity: A 10-year retrospective study.
Catechin inhibiting the H1N1 influenza virus associated with the regulation of autophagy.
Digoxin lowers the incidence of prostate cancer - a nationwide population-based study.
First Line Combination Immunotherapy for Metastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.
Gut hormones in microbiota-gut-brain cross-talk.
Unanticipated Myocarditis in a Surgical Patient Treated With Pembrolizumab: A Case Report.
Long-Term Clinical Outcomes of Autologous Bone Marrow Mononuclear Cell Implantation in Patients With Severe Thromboangiitis Obliterans.
Protective effect of Tong-Qiao-Huo-Xue Decoction on inflammatory injury caused by intestinal microbial disorders in stroke rats.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging-negative, Rituximab-resistant Neurolymphomatosis as A Paradoxical Presentation of Relapsed Primary Adrenal Lymphoma.
Pathophysiological mechanisms of persistent orofacial pain.
Underexpression of SRSF3 and its target gene RBMX predicts good prognosis in patients with head and neck cancer.
Better Retention of Abatacept Is Associated with High Rheumatoid Factor: A Five-Year Follow-Up Study of Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Knockdown of miR-665 Protects Against Cardiomyocyte Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury-Induced ROS Accumulation and Apoptosis Through the Activation of Pak1/Akt Signaling in Myocardial Infarction.
Toll-Like Receptor 7 Stimulation Promotes the Development of Atherosclerosis in Apolipoprotein E-Deficient Mice.
Cytoprotective effects evaluation of A novel danshensu derivative DEX-018 against oxidative stress injury in HUVECs.
Overexpression of DJ-1 enhances colorectal cancer cell proliferation through the cyclin-D1/MDM2-p53 signaling pathway.
A case report.
Expression of autophagy related gene 5 and cyclin E in coronary heart disease and its clinical significance.
Effect of icariin on early beta-defensin-2 and T cell subsets in rats after tracheotomy.
Novel K/Mn phosphate hydrates, K2Mn3(H2O)2[P2O7]2 and KMn(H2O)2[Al2(PO4)3]: hydrothermal synthesis and crystal chemistry.
Characterization, crystal structure and cytotoxic activity of a rare iridoid glycoside from Lonicera saccata.
Structure determination of a new cocrystal of carbamazepine and DL-tartaric acid by synchrotron powder X-ray diffraction.
Gastric leiomyoma in a sea bass Dicentrarchus labrax broodfish.
Spontaneous adenocarcinoma of the gas gland in Nothobranchius fishes.
Astrocytes modulate baroreflex sensitivity at the level of the nucleus of the solitary tract.
Microbiota-Propelled T Helper 17 Cells in Inflammatory Diseases and Cancer.
An EBNA3A-mutated Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) retains the capacity for lymphomagenesis in a cord blood-humanized mouse model.
Palmitoylated cysteines in Chikungunya virus nsP1 are critical for targeting to cholesterol-rich plasma membrane microdomains with functional consequences for viral genome replication.
Mutations Near the N-Terminus of the Vaccinia Virus G9 Protein Overcome Restrictions on Cell Entry and Syncytium Formation Imposed by the A56/K2 Fusion Regulatory Complex.
The Transcriptional Cofactor VGLL1 Drives Transcription of Human Papillomavirus Early Genes via TEAD1.
Experimental evolution to isolate vaccinia virus adaptive G9 mutants that overcome membrane fusion inhibition by vaccinia A56/K2 protein complex.
Pseudorabies virus infection of epithelial cells leads to persistent but aberrant activation of the NF-kappaB pathway, inhibiting hallmark NF-kappaB-induced pro-inflammatory gene expression.
Bottleneck Size-Dependent Changes in the Genetic Diversity and Specific Growth Rate of a Rotavirus A Strain.
T cell responses induced by attenuated flavivirus vaccination are specific and show limited cross-reactivity with other flavivirus species.
Profiling cell signaling networks at single-cell resolution.
Discovery of a redox thiol switch: implications for cellular energy metabolism.
Quantitative profiling of the human substantia nigra proteome from laser-capture microdissected FFPE tissue.
Abundant HIV-infected cells in blood and tissues are rapidly cleared upon ART initiation during acute HIV infection.
Chlorotoxin-directed CAR T cells for specific and effective targeting of glioblastoma.
Active volume regulation in adhered cells.
Transcriptional repression specifies the central cell for double fertilization.
TDP-43 alpha-helical structure tunes liquid-liquid phase separation and function.
Circadian control of interferon-sensitive gene expression in murine skin.
Visualizing the translation and packaging of HIV-1 full-length RNA.
Loss-of-function BK channel mutation causes impaired mitochondria and progressive cerebellar ataxia.
Granulocyte Colony-Stimulating Factor Attenuates Renal Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury by Inducing Myeloid-Derived Suppressor Cells.
Improved molecular diagnosis of COVID-19 by the novel, highly sensitive and specific COVID-19-RdRp/Hel real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction assay validated in vitro and with clinical specimens.
High Content Screening, a reliable system for Coxiella burnetii isolation from clinical samples.
Antileishmanial Drugs Modulate IL-12 Expression and Inflammasome Activation in Primary Human Cells.
Development of a novel beta-1,6-glucan-specific detection system using functionally modified recombinant endo-beta-1,6-glucanase.
Identification and analyses of inhibitors targeting apolipoprotein(a) kringle domains KIV-7, KIV-10, and KV provide insight into kringle domain function.
Nucleotides released from palmitate-activated murine macrophages attract neutrophils.
Dopamine transporter trafficking and Rit2 GTPase: Mechanism of action and in vivo impact.
Short stature explained by dimerization of human growth hormone induced by a p.C53S point mutation.
A Caenorhabditis elegans Model for Integrating the Functions of Neuropsychiatric Risk Genes Identifies Components Required for Normal Dendritic Morphology.
Succinylated Wheat Germ Agglutinin Colocalizes with the Toxoplasma gondii Cyst Wall Glycoprotein CST1.
Factors and Conditions That Impact Electroporation of Clostridioides difficile Strains.
The Physical Mechanisms of Drosophila Gastrulation: Mesoderm and Endoderm Invagination.
Environmental Carcinogenesis at the Single Cell Level.
GPIHBP1, a partner protein for lipoprotein lipase, is expressed only in capillary endothelial cells.
Carboxy-terminal phosphoregulation of the long splice isoform of Free-Fatty Acid Receptor-4 mediates beta-arrestin recruitment and signaling to ERK1/2.
A Tetratricopeptide Repeat Protein Regulates Carotenoid Biosynthesis and Chromoplast Development in Monkeyflower (Mimulus).
Mutagenesis of a Quintuple Mutant Impaired in Environmental Responses Reveals Roles for CHROMATIN REMODELING4 in the Arabidopsis Floral Transition.
It \' s All in the Neighborhood: SHORTROOT-mediated Intercellular Signals Coordinate Phloem Development in the Root.
A Protease-Activated Fluorescent Probe Allows Rapid Visualization of Keratinocyte Carcinoma During Excision.
MEF2c-dependent downregulation of Myocilin mediates cancer-induced muscle wasting and associates with cachexia in cancer patients.
An integrative view of the regulatory and transcriptional landscapes in mouse hematopoiesis.
The plant-pathogen haustorial interface at a glance.
SINGLE-CELL IMMUNE COMPETENCY SIGNATURES ASSOCIATE WITH SURVIVAL IN PHASE 2 GVAX AND CRS-207 RANDOMIZED STUDIES IN METASTATIC PANCREATIC CANCER PATIENTS.
Alcohol Causes Lasting Differential Transcription in Drosophila Mushroom Body Neurons.
Circuit and cellular mechanisms facilitate the transformation from dense to sparse coding in the insect olfactory system.
An unusual cause of stridor.
Characterization of Anti-Neovascularization Activity and Ocular Pharmacokinetics of PI3K/mTOR Inhibitor GNE-947.
Adjuvant Chemotherapy and Dose Escalation in Definitive Concurrent Chemoradiotherapy for Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
The Prognostic Value of Systemic Inflammatory Markers in Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma Patients Treated With Molecular Targeted Therapies.
Could Mismatch Repair Status Serve as a Biomarker for Immunotherapy in Endometrial Carcinoma?
Rapid Sarcomatoid Transformation of Lung Squamous Cell Carcinoma After Neoadjuvant Therapy: A Case Report.
Nab-paclitaxel Monotherapy for Relapsed Small Cell Lung Cancer: Retrospective Analysis and Review.
Prospective Feasibility Study of Amrubicin and Bevacizumab Therapy for Patients With Previously Treated Advanced NSCLC.
Sessile Serrated Polyps Without Dysplasia Thrives With Asymmetric Relocation of Cell Proliferation-domains.
Polycystic Liver Disease in a Patient With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma: A Case Report.
Clinicopathological and Prognostic Significance of Programmed Death Ligand 1 Expression in Korean Patients With Triple-negative Breast Carcinoma.
Hedgehog Pathway Activation Might Mediate Pemetrexed Resistance in NSCLC Cells.
Polyamine Analogues of Propanediamine Series Inhibit Prostate Tumor Cell Growth and Activate the Polyamine Catabolic Pathway.
miR-187* Enhances SiHa Cervical Cancer Cell Oncogenicity Via Suppression of WWOX.
Casein Kinase 2alpha Enhances 5-Fluorouracil Resistance in Colorectal Cancer Cells by Inhibiting Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Antihelminthic Niclosamide Induces Autophagy and Delayed Apoptosis in Human Non-small Lung Cancer Cells In Vitro and In Vivo.
Synergistic Effect of Alectinib and Everolimus on ALK-positive Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma Growth Inhibition.
Hypoxia Suppresses Cysteine Deprivation-induced Cell Death Via ATF4 Regulation in MDA-MB-231 Breast Cancer Cells.
Silencing of Growth Differentiation Factor-15 Promotes Breast Cancer Cell Invasion by Down-regulating Focal Adhesion Genes.
RNF126 as a Marker of Prognosis and Proliferation of Gastric Cancer.
Short- and Long-term Histological Changes in Liver Parenchyma After Different Resection Methods and Their Potential Role in Treatment of Colorectal Liver Metastasis.
The Dual Function of Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor in Bladder Carcinogenesis.
Silencing Delta-like 1 Expression Induces Migratory Features in Pancreatic Cancer Cells Through Stimulation of Src and p38 Signalling Pathway.
Human Glioma Cells Acquire Temozolomide Resistance After Repeated Drug Exposure Via DNA Mismatch Repair Dysfunction.
ADAR2 Regulates Malignant Behaviour of Mesothelioma Cells Independent of RNA-editing Activity.
Androgen Receptor Enhances the Efficacy of Sorafenib Against Hepatocellular Carcinoma Through Enriched EpCAM Stemness.
Cigarette Smoke Reduces the Efficacy of Cisplatin in Head and Neck Cancer Cells - Role of ABCG2.
Characterization of Pancreatic and Biliary Cancer Stem Cells in Patient-derived Tissue.
Characteristics of Leiomyosarcoma: Induction of Hematogenous Metastasis by Isolated Uterine Mesenchymal Tumor Stem-like Cells.
Troglitazone, a Selective Ligand for PPARgamma, Induces Cell-cycle Arrest in Human Oral SCC Cells.
Immune-related Adverse Effects and Outcome of Patients With Cancer Treated With Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors.
Re: Numerical simulation of normal and cancer cells \'  populations with fractional derivative under radiotherapy.
Circulating microRNA expression profiling revealed miR-92a-3p as a novel biomarker of Barrett \' s carcinogenesis.
The French national network dedicated to rare gynecological cancers diagnosis and management could improve the quality of surgery in daily practice of granulosa cell tumors. A TMRG and GINECO group Study.
[Minimally Invasive Cancellous Bone Graft Harvesting in Trauma Indication - Experimental Part of the Study].
Comparison of the Pathogenicity of Neisseria meningitidis Isolates of Hyperinvasive Sequence Type 7 Belonging to Serogroups A, B, C, and X.
Cross-neutralizing Anti-hemagglutinin Antibodies Isolated from Patients Infected with Avian Influenza A (H5N1) Virus.
Organic and Inorganic Mercury in Biological Samples of Flouresecent Lamp Industries Workers and Health Risks.
[Immunotherapy and Pharmaceutical Care for Non-small-cell Lung Cancer Complicated with Hyperthyroidism:Report of One Case].
[Application of Single-cell RNA Sequencing in Research on Tumor Immune Microenvironment].
[Roles of Cilia in Heart Development and Congenital Heart Disease].
[Evaluation and Early Diagnosis of Gastrointestinal Failure in Acute Pancreatitis].
[Changes of Gene Expression Profile in Cardiac Mesenchymal Cells in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Screening of Their Related Environmental Chemicals].
[Isolation and Biological Characterization of Lung Cancer Stem Cells].
[Effect of Hematopoietic Pre-B-cell Leukemia Transcription Factor Interacting Protein Knockdown on Proliferation,Cell Cycle and Apoptosis in Pancreatic Cancer Cells].
[Effect of alpha-asarone on the Function and Expression of P-glycoprotein in Rat Brain Microvascular Endothelial Cells].
Pre-operative neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio predicts low cardiac output in children after cardiac surgery.
Characterization of dendritic cells and follicular dendritic cells in the hepatic lymph nodes and liver of sheep experimentally infected with Fasciola hepatica.
Possible influence of Plasmodium/Trypanosoma co-infections on the vectorial capacity of Anopheles mosquitoes.
Protective effects of human iPS-derived retinal pigmented epithelial cells on retinal degenerative disease.
Priming with inflammatory cytokines is not a prerequisite to increase immune-suppressive effects and responsiveness of equine amniotic mesenchymal stromal cells.
A comparison of three column agglutination tests for red blood cell alloantibody identification.
The JNK pathway represents a novel target in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis through the suppression of MMP-3.
Linker histone variant H1t is closely associated with repressed repeat-element chromatin domains in pachytene spermatocytes.
Single segment of spleen autotransplantation, after splenectomy for trauma, can restore splenic functions.
A novel TLR7 agonist as adjuvant to stimulate high quality HBsAg-specific immune responses in an HBV mouse model.
Adaptive NKG2C+ natural killer cells are related to exacerbations and nutritional abnormalities in COPD patients.
Novel plasmid-free Gluconobacter oxydans strains for production of the natural sweetener 5-ketofructose.
Engineering probiotics as living diagnostics and therapeutics for improving human health.
Betaine attenuates LPS-induced downregulation of Occludin and Claudin-1 and restores intestinal barrier function.
Error-corrected sequencing strategies enable comprehensive detection of leukemic mutations relevant for diagnosis and minimal residual disease monitoring.
Bivalent promoter hypermethylation in cancer is linked to the H327me3/H3K4me3 ratio in embryonic stem cells.
Relationship of lymphovascular invasion with lymph node metastasis and prognosis in superficial esophageal carcinoma: systematic review and meta-analysis.
LncRNA SNHG5 promotes nasopharyngeal carcinoma progression by regulating miR-1179/HMGB3 axis.
Increased PD-1-positive macrophages in the tissue of gastric cancer are closely associated with poor prognosis in gastric cancer patients.
Influence of Casein kinase II inhibitor CX-4945 on BCL6-mediated apoptotic signaling in B-ALL in vitro and in vivo.
Clostridioides difficile associated peritonitis in peritoneal dialysis patients - a case series based review of an under-recognized entity with therapeutic challenges.
Clinical significance of peripheral blood and tumor tissue lymphocyte subsets in cervical cancer patients.
Oral rinses in growth inhibition and treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection.
Transcriptome and metabolite analyses provide insights into zigzag-shaped stem formation in tea plants (Camellia sinensis).
Genome-wide analysis of MicroRNA-messenger RNA interactome in ex-vivo gill filaments, Anguilla japonica.
Association and linkage mapping to unravel genetic architecture of phenological traits and lateral bearing in Persian walnut (Juglans regia L.).
Effects of ibrutinib on in vitro platelet aggregation in blood samples from healthy donors and donors with platelet dysfunction.
Resveratrol Binding to Human Complement fragment 5a (hC5a) may Modulate the C5aR Signaling Axes.
Nitric oxide in dental pulp tissue: From molecular understanding to clinical application in regenera.
MultiBaC: A strategy to remove batch effects between different omic data types.
Endothelium-Targeted Deletion of microRNA-15a/16-1 Promotes Post-Stroke Angiogenesis and Improves Long-Term Neurological Recovery.
Exosomes From Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes Promote Autophagy for Myocardial Repair.
Lysosomal degradation of depolarized mitochondria is rate-limiting in OPTN-dependent neuronal mitophagy.
Interaction of the mTERT telomerase catalytic subunit with the c-Abl tyrosine kinase in mouse granulosa cells.
Ultrasound in Hepatic Veno-occlusive Disease (HVOD) after Pediatric Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation (HSCT): Comparison of Diagnostic Criteria Including the Pediatric Criteria of European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT).
Pulmonary nodular lymphoid hyperplasia in pediatric patients with Hodgkin lymphoma.
Punctal pseudoepitheliomatous hyperplasia mimicking a mass lesion.
Combined Use of Autologous Stromal Vascular Fraction Cells and Platelet-Rich Plasma for Chronic Ulceration of the Diabetic Lower Limb Improves Wound Healing.
MicroRNA-214 protects L6 skeletal myoblasts against hydrogen peroxide-induced apoptosis.
Combining carbonic anhydrase and thioredoxin reductase inhibitory motifs within a single molecule dramatically increases its cytotoxicity.
Innate inflammatory response to acute inhalation exposure of riot control agent oleoresin capsicum in female rats: An interplay between neutrophil mobilization and inflammatory markers.
Combination of low intensity electromagnetic field with chondrogenic agent induces chondrogenesis in mesenchymal stem cells with minimal hypertrophic side effects.
Chemical composition, cytotoxicity and molecular profiling of Cordia africana Lam. on human breast cancer cell line.
Lactosyl-sepharose binding proteins from pancreatic cancer cells show differential expression in primary and metastatic organs.
Reactive Sulfur Species: A New Redox Player in Cardiovascular Pathophysiology.
Nascent HDL (High-Density Lipoprotein) Discs Carry Cholesterol to HDL Spheres: Effects of HDL Particle Remodeling on Cholesterol Efflux.
B Lymphocytes and Adipose Tissue Inflammation.
Activated Platelets Induce Endothelial Cell Inflammatory Response in Psoriasis Via COX-1 (Cyclooxygenase-2).
Lactobacillus plantarum S27 from chicken faeces as a potential probiotic to replace antibiotics: in vivo evidence.
Rapid Auxin-Mediated Cell Expansion.
Enhanced Immunostimulatory Activity of Cytosine-Phosphate-Guanosine Immunomodulator by the Assembly of Polymer DNA Wires and Spheres.
Multi-functional detection of extracellular vesicles with surface plasmon resonance microscopy.
Structural Modification of Nanomicelles through Phosphatidylcholine: The Enhanced Drug-Loading Capacity and Anticancer Activity of Celecoxib-Casein Nanoparticles for the Intravenous Delivery of Celecoxib.
Mechanism of Anti-Cancer Activity of Curcumin on Androgen-Dependent and Androgen-Independent Prostate Cancer.
Immune Phenotype and Functionality of Mtb-Specific T-Cells in HIV/TB Co-Infected Patients on Antiretroviral Treatment.
Manganese(II) Oxidizing Bacteria as Whole-Cell Catalyst for beta-Keto Ester Oxidation.
Performance Recovery after Contamination with Nitrogen Dioxide in a PEM Fuel Cell.
Cordycepin Resensitizes T24R2 Cisplatin-Resistant Human Bladder Cancer Cells to Cisplatin by Inactivating Ets-1 Dependent MDR1 Transcription.
Visualizing the Synaptic and Cellular Ultrastructure in Neurons Differentiated from Human Induced Neural Stem Cells-An Optimized Protocol.
Doxorubicin-Loaded Human Serum Albumin Submicron Particles: Preparation, Characterization and In Vitro Cellular Uptake.
Co-Expression Network Analysis of Spleen Transcriptome in Rock Bream (Oplegnathus fasciatus) Naturally Infected with Rock Bream Iridovirus (RBIV).
Combined Effect of Midazolam and Bone Morphogenetic Protein-2 for Differentiation Induction from C2C12 Myoblast Cells to Osteoblasts.
Unique Triterpenoid of Jujube Root Protects Cisplatin-induced Damage in Kidney Epithelial LLC-PK1 Cells via Autophagy Regulation.
miR-221-3p Regulates VEGFR2 Expression in High-Risk Prostate Cancer and Represents an Escape Mechanism from Sunitinib In Vitro.
3,2 \' -Dihydroxyflavone Improves the Proliferation and Survival of Human Pluripotent Stem Cells and Their Differentiation into Hematopoietic Progenitor Cells.
Development and Radiation Response Assessment in A Novel Syngeneic Mouse Model of Tongue Cancer: 2D Culture, 3D Organoids and Orthotopic Allografts.
In Vitro MCF-7 Cells Apoptosis Analysis of Carboplatin Loaded Silk Fibroin Particles.
Non-Thermal Plasma Induces Antileukemic Effect Through mTOR Ubiquitination.
Beneficial and Detrimental Effects of Regulatory T Cells in Neurotropic Virus Infections.
Highly Sensitive Detection of Chemically Modified Thio-Organophosphates by an Enzymatic Biosensing Device: An Automated Robotic Approach.
Ginseng Gintonin Attenuates Lead-Induced Rat Cerebellar Impairments during Gestation and Lactation.
Apelin Affects the Progression of Osteoarthritis by Regulating VEGF-Dependent Angiogenesis and miR-150-5p Expression in Human Synovial Fibroblasts.
C. quinoa and S. hispanica L. Seeds Provide Immunonutritional Agonists to Selectively Polarize Macrophages.
Type III Secretion Effectors with Arginine N-Glycosyltransferase Activity.
Exosomes: From Potential Culprits to New Therapeutic Promise in the Setting of Cardiac Fibrosis.
New Molecular Approach for the Detection of Kinetoplastida Parasites of Medical and Veterinary Interest.
In vitro Probiotic Potential and Safety Evaluation (Hemolytic, Cytotoxic Activity) of Bifidobacterium Strains Isolated from Raw Camel Milk.
The Quest for Cellular Prion Protein Functions in the Aged and Neurodegenerating Brain.
Burkholderia cenocepacia H111 Produces a Water-Insoluble Exopolysaccharide in Biofilm: Structural Determination and Molecular Modelling.
Unravelling the Potential Cytotoxic Effects of Metal Oxide Nanoparticles and Metal(Loid) Mixtures on A549 Human Cell Line.
Hepatocyte Injury and Hepatic Stem Cell Niche in the Progression of Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Small Molecule Wnt Pathway Modulators from Natural Sources: History, State of the Art and Perspectives.
Cardioprotective Potential of Human Endothelial-Colony Forming Cells from Diabetic and Nondiabetic Donors.
Vaccination Against Amyloidogenic Aggregates in Pancreatic Islets Prevents Development of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Inhibitory Effect of 1,5-Dimethyl Citrate from Sea Buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides) on Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Inflammatory Response in RAW 264.7 Mouse Macrophages.
Enhanced Biocompatibility of Multi-Layered, 3D Bio-Printed Artificial Vessels Composed of Autologous Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
M2 Receptor Activation Counteracts the Glioblastoma Cancer Stem Cell Response to Hypoxia Condition.
A Sponge-Like Double-Layer Wound Dressing with Chitosan and Decellularized Bovine Amniotic Membrane for Promoting Diabetic Wound Healing.
Analysis and Simulation of Glioblastoma Cell Lines-Derived Extracellular Vesicles Metabolome.
PGE2 Is Crucial for the Generation of FAST Whole- Tumor-Antigens Loaded Dendritic Cells Suitable for Immunotherapy in Glioblastoma.
Solvent-Free Approaches for the Processing of Scaffolds in Regenerative Medicine.
Bovine Herpesvirus-4-Vectored Delivery of Nipah Virus Glycoproteins Enhances T Cell Immunogenicity in Pigs.
Testing of the Survivin Suppressant YM155 in a Large Panel of Drug-Resistant Neuroblastoma Cell Lines.
Inhibitory Effect and Mechanism of Action of Quercetin and Quercetin Diels-Alder anti-Dimer on Erastin-Induced Ferroptosis in Bone Marrow-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Impact of Extending Hard-Cheese Ripening: A Multiparameter Characterization of Parmigiano Reggiano Cheese Ripened up to 50 Months.
NUDT7 Loss Promotes KrasG12D CRC Development.
Inactivation and Damage of Histamine-Forming Bacteria by Treatment with High Hydrostatic Pressure.
WNK1 Kinase Stimulates Angiogenesis to Promote Tumor Growth and Metastasis.
Hallucinations after Cardiac Surgery: A Prospective Observational Study.
Targeting Mitochondrial Apoptosis to Overcome Treatment Resistance in Cancer.
Combined construction of injectable tissue-engineered bone with CPC and BMMSCs and its study of repair effect on rabbit bone defect model.
Efficacy of autologous bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis and their effects on the expression of serum TNF-alpha and IL-6.
Evaluation of zoledronate, cytochalasin-D, and desferrioxamine on osseointegration in an intra-medullary femoral implant model.
Potentialities of liquid biopsy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (aNSCLC): Early evaluation of sentinel mutations in plasma and outcome of patients treated with immunotherapy.
Lung tumorspheres as a drug screening platform against cancer stem cells.
Nivolumab (nivo) plus ipilimumab (ipi), nivo, or placebo (pbo) as maintenance therapy in patients (pts) with extensive disease small cell lung cancer (ED-SCLC) after first-line (1L) platinum-based chemotherapy (chemo): Results from the double-blind, randomized phase III CheckMate 451 study.
Non-small cell lung cancer in the elderly: A retrospective study comparing first-line treatment with single-agent vs combination chemotherapy vs tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
Implementation of PD-L1 analysis among patients with non-small cell lung cancer in a single center.
Efficacy of 150kHz tumor treating fields (TTFields) and cisplatin or pemetrexed for the treatment of mesothelioma cells in vitro.
Phase III METIS study: Tumor treating fields (150 kHz) and radiosurgery for supra- and/or infratentorial brain metastases (1-10) from non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
EPAC-Lung: Pooled analysis of circulating tumor cells in advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Paclitaxel/ carboplatin/ bevacizumab in non-small cell lung cancer patients induces peripheral effector CD8 T cell proliferation that could be prone for treatment with checkpoint inhibitors.
Immunosenescence (iSenescence) correlates with progression (PD) to PD-(L)1 inhibitors (IO) and not to platinum-chemotherapy (PCT) in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (aNSCLC) patients (pts).
Characterization and potential role of PD-L1 positive lung cancer stem cells in lymph nodes metastasis.
An open-label, randomized phase III study of early switch maintenance vs delayed second-line nivolumab in advanced stage squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients after standard first-line platinum-based chemotherapy: EDEN trial.
RATIONALE 001: Tislelizumab (BGB-A317) + concurrent chemoradiotherapy (cCRT) followed by tislelizumab monotherapy in patients (pts) with newly diagnosed locally advanced, unresectable, stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
A phase II trial of tepotinib in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring MET alterations: The VISION study.
Phase II study of crizotinib in Japanese patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer harboring a MET gene alteration: Co-MET study.
A phase II study of [fam-] trastuzumab deruxtecan (DS-8201a) in HER2-overexpressing or -mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
An open-label, randomized, phase I/II trial of IO102 and pembrolizumab, or IO102, pembrolizumab and chemotherapy, as first-line treatment for patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
Treatment (tx) characteristics of patients (pts) with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receiving atezolizumab (atezo) monotherapy in US clinical practice.
Real-world treatment patterns for metastatic non-small cell lung cancer at IRST Italy.
Permanent pleural catheter (PPC) for malignant pleural effusion (PE) in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
A multi-center, randomized, double-blind, parallel, two-group phase III clinical study on the efficacy and safety of QL1101 or bevacizumab in combination with paclitaxel and carboplatin in the first-line treatment of non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer.
Advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with low tumor mutation burden might derive benefit from anti-programmed cell death (PD)-1 and anti-programmed deathligand 1 (PD-L1) blockade.
Prognostic significance of neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio in patients undergoing treatment with nivolumab for recurrent non-small cell lung cancer.
Correlation of various clinical, imaging and laboratory parameters with outcome in patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treated with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs): Results from a prospective, observational, single institution study.
Benefit of immunotherapy (IT) in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in elderly patients (EP).
Monitoring of blood serum amyloid (SAA) to predict outcome of first-line pembrolizumab (P) in patients (pts) with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (ANSCLC).
Immuno-oncological treatment and tumor load in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Case-control analysis of overall survival (OS) in routine clinical practice.
Clinical benefit of anti PD-1/PD-L1 plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone in first-line treatment in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: A meta-analysis.
Atypical hyperplasia of bronchial epithelial cells induced by chronic exposure to PM 2.5 in mice.
Tumor mutational burden assessed by a targeted NGS assay predicts clinical benefit from immune checkpoint inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer.
EPSILoN score: Validation cohort of a prognostic score in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (aNSCLC) patients treated with immunotherapy.
Peripheral blood biomarkers as prognostic factors for immunotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (aNSCLC) patients.
Immune-related adverse events (irAEs) in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (aNSCLC): Platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR) predicts the risk of development and relapse.
Prognostic impact of the use of antibiotics in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receiving PD-(L)1 targeting monoclonal antibodies.
Association of immune-related adverse events (irAEs) and immunotherapy (IT) benefit in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Safety and tolerability of pembrolizumab or placebo plus pemetrexed and platinum as first-line therapy in Japanese patients (PTS) with metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) enrolled in the phase III KEYNOTE-189 study.
Characterization of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer obtaining long term benefit from immunotherapy.
Impact on KRAS-subtypes and TP53 mutations on the prognostic value of KRAS/KEAP1 comutations in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Clinicopathological characteristics and outcome of advanced ROS1-positive non-small cell lung cancer in Asian patients.
Role of radiotherapy in management of brain metastases in anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)-rearranged non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A single-center retrospective study.
Effect of central nervous system (CNS) metastases in a real-world multicenter cohort study of Spanish ALK-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients (p).
Real-world immuno-oncology (IO) therapy treatment patterns and outcomes in patients with anaplastic lymphoma kinase positive (ALK+) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the United States.
PD-L1 confers primary resistance to EGFR-TKI in EGFR mutant non-small cell lung cancer via inducing EMT phenotype.
Correlation of molecular status and anatomic sites of metastases at diagnosis of EGFR positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A single institution experience.
Frequency and types of EGFR mutation in Moroccan patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
Relationship of clinicopathological characteristics, EGFR genotyping and prognosis in non-small cell lung cancer patients with malignant pleural effusion.
Anlotinib can overcome acquired resistance to EGFR-TKIs via FGFR1 signaling in non-small cell lung cancer.
FOXP3Delta3, the major isoform of FOXP3, promotes proliferation, migration, and invasion in non-small cell lung cancer.
The characteristics of MET exon 14 skipping mutations in Chinese non-small cell lung cancer: A retrospective analysis.
Immunohistochemical expression of PD-L1 in early and late stage non-small cell lung cancer: Correlation with clinicopathological and molecular features.
TTF1 status in non-small cell lung cancer adenocarcinoma: A prognostic factor.
The effect of proton pump inhibitors (PPI) on dacomitinib (DACO) pharmacokinetics and efficacy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with activating epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation.
Regional retrospective analysis of outcomes of EGFR mutated non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients in West Yorkshire.
Entrectinib in locally advanced or metastatic ROS1 fusion-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Integrated analysis of ALKA-372-001, STARTRK-1 and STARTRK-2.
Thromboembolic events in advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Crizotinib in advanced ROS1-rearranged non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Overall survival (OS) and updated safety from PROFILE 1001.
Potential resistance mechanisms using next generation sequencing from Chinese EGFR T790M+ non-small cell lung cancer patients with primary resistance to osimertinib: A multicenter study.
Entrectinib in NTRK fusion-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Integrated analysis of patients (pts) enrolled in STARTRK-2, STARTRK-1 and ALKA-372-001.
Plasma circulating tumor DNA analysis (ctDNA) for molecular alteration detection in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients (pts) with isolated central nervous system (CNS) metastases (mts).
Circulating tumor (ct) DNA analysis to monitor response and resistance to ensartinib in patients (pts) with ALK+ non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Blood tumor mutational burden as a predictor of clinical benefit in non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with docetaxel: Secondary analysis of the OAK and POPLAR randomized clinical trials.
Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients treated with nivolumab in real-life: The EVIDENS study.
Osimertinib as first-line (1L) treatment for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Final efficacy and safety results from two phase I expansion cohorts.
The micro-environmental cross talk between mast cells and lung cancer cells through cell-to-cell contact.
Clinicopathologic characteristics of patients with TP63 mutations in Chinese non-small cell lung cancer.
Autophagy inhibition potentiates the anti-angiogenic property of multikinase inhibitor anlotinib through JAK2/STAT3/VEGFA signaling in non-small cell lung cancer cells.
Pattern of first-site failure and salvage treatment in patients with inoperable stage III non-small cell lung cancer after chemoradiotherapy.
Heterogeneity score in inoperable stage III non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with definitive chemoradiotherapy: A single centre analysis.
Challenges in the management of stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) within multidisciplinary team (MDT): A lung cancer center experience.
Real-world treatment patterns, clinical practice and outcomes for locally advanced, non resectable, non-small cell lung cancer from the French ESME Lung database.
Treatment patterns and long-term survival for unresected stage III non-small cell lung cancer patients: A nationwide register study in Denmark.
Time-series of peripheral blood biomarkers as biomarkers for immunotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (aNSCLC) patients.
Phase I study of gefitinib (G) + durvalumab (D) for locally advanced/metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harbouring epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) sensitising mutations.
IMpower030: Phase III study evaluating neoadjuvant treatment of resectable stage II-IIIB non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with atezolizumab (atezo) + chemotherapy.
Higher PD-L1 expression correlates with lymphocyte infiltration in early non-small cell lung cancer.
High blood platelets levels (BPL): A prognostic factor in patients with early or locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Role of chemokines in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
The prevalence and prognostic significance of JAK2 mutation subtypes in non-small cell lung cancer from Chinese populations.
Clinical validation of an NGS-based assay for detecting multiple genomic alterations in Chinese patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
The prognostic impact of the international association for the study of lung cancer (IASLC) definitions on completeness of surgical resection for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Tissue microarray analysis on prognostic value of coexpression of RUNX3 and trimethylated histone H3 lysine 27 in surgically resected patients with stage I non-small cell lung cancer.
Impact of underlying pulmonary diseases on treatment outcomes in early stage non-small cell lung cancer treated with definitive radiotherapy.
ADRIATIC: A phase III trial of durvalumab +- tremelimumab after concurrent chemoradiation for patients with limited stage small cell lung cancer.
Experience of prophylactic cranial irradiation in extensive stage small cell lung cancer at a regional cancer center in India.
Treatment (tx) characteristics and clinical outcomes in patients (pts) with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) treated with carboplatin (carbo) or cisplatin (cis) in combination with etoposide (etop) in US clinical practice.
External validation of a survival score for limited stage small cell lung cancer treated with chemoradiotherapy.
Timing of treatment with concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CRT) and impact on progression free survival (PFS) in limited stage small cell lung cancer (LSSCLC).
Value of post-radiotherapy for limited stage small cell lung cancer on basis of a prognostic scoring model.
Nomogram for patients with stage I small cell lung cancer: A competing risk analysis.
Non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) patients with baseline brain imaging: A prospective observational study.
The metabolic phenotypes of non-small cell lung cancer cells in association with clinical treatment strategies.
Diagnostic accuracy of droplet digital PCR (ddPCR) and amplification refractory mutation system PCR (ARMS-PCR) for detecting EGFR mutation in cell-free DNA of advanced lung cancer: A meta-analysis.
Hedgehog pathway activation might mediate pemetrexed resistance in NSCLC cells.
Prognostic value of CD8-positive tumor stroma-infiltrating lymphocytes and PD-L1 positive tumor cells at initial biopsy in patients with locally advanced NSCLC treated with chemoradiotherapy.
Prognostic significance of IGF-1 signaling pathway in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
An Optimization of AAV-82Q-Delivered Rat Model of Huntington \' s Disease.
Next-generation sequencing of microbial cell-free DNA for rapid noninvasive diagnosis of infectious diseases in immunocompromised hosts.
Flagellin-Stimulated Production of Interferon-beta Promotes Anti-Flagellin IgG2c and IgA Responses.
Parvovirus B19 infection in sickle cell disease: An analysis from the Centers for Disease Control haemoglobinopathy blood surveillance project.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in age-related metabolic disorders.
Pretransplant Genetic Susceptibility: Clinical Relevance in Transplant-Associated Thrombotic Microangiopathy.
Laser-assisted 3D bioprinting of exocrine pancreas spheroid models for cancer initiation study.
The development of advanced structural framework as multi-target-directed ligands for the treatment of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Tanshinone IIA alleviates blast-induced inflammation, oxidative stress and apoptosis in mice partly by inhibiting the PI3K/Akt/FoxO1 signaling pathway.
Arginase inhibitor, Nomega-hydroxy-L-norarginine, spontaneously releases biologically active NO-like molecule: Limitations for research applications.
Diffuse-Type Giant Cell Tumor of the Paratenon of Achilles Tendon Requiring Reconstruction Using Bilateral Autografts: A Case Report.
Circular RNA 0060428 sponges miR-375 to promote osteosarcoma cell proliferation by upregulating the expression of RPBJ.
Molecular and immunological characterizations of interleukin-11 in large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea).
A potential role for integrins in host cell entry by SARS-CoV-2.
Potential New Therapeutic Approaches for Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors in the Treatment of Renal Cell Carcinoma.
The Importance of Nephropathology in Kidney Cancer.
The Nephrologist \' s Management of Renal Cell Carcinoma After Kidney Surgery.
Renal Toxicity of Systemic Therapy for Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Choice of Surgical Options in Kidney Cancer and Surgical Complications.
The Therapeutic Landscape of Renal Cell Carcinoma: From the Dark Age to the Golden Age.
Reprogramming of Metabolism in Kidney Cancer.
Molecular Components of the RCC Grade.
Club Cell TRPV4 Serves as a Damage Sensor Driving Lung Allergic Inflammation.
VRC34-Antibody Lineage Development Reveals How a Required Rare Mutation Shapes the Maturation of a Broad HIV-Neutralizing Lineage.
Proton Motive Force Disruptors Block Bacterial Competence and Horizontal Gene Transfer.
Targeting the PI5P4K Lipid Kinase Family in Cancer Using Covalent Inhibitors.
The Alzheimer \' s Disease Amyloid-Beta Hypothesis in Cardiovascular Aging and Disease: JACC Focus Seminar.
Mechanisms of Vascular Aging, A Geroscience Perspective: JACC Focus Seminar.
iTAG-RNA Isolates Cell-Specific Transcriptional Responses to Environmental Stimuli and Identifies an RNA-Based Endocrine Axis.
PP2AC Phospho-Tyr307 Antibodies Are Not Specific for this Modification but Are Sensitive to Other PP2AC Modifications Including Leu309 Methylation.
Challenges and Reinterpretation of Antibody-Based Research on Phosphorylation of Tyr307 on PP2Ac.
Dynamic Interstitial Cell Response during Myocardial Infarction Predicts Resilience to Rupture in Genetically Diverse Mice.
Synthetic Cassettes for pH-Mediated Sensing, Counting, and Containment.
Hierarchy in Hfq Chaperon Occupancy of Small RNA Targets Plays a Major Role in Their Regulation.
Wss1 Promotes Replication Stress Tolerance by Degrading Histones.
Direct Comparison of Mononucleated and Binucleated Cardiomyocytes Reveals Molecular Mechanisms Underlying Distinct Proliferative Competencies.
Transmembrane Coordination of Preprotein Recognition and Motor Coupling by the Mitochondrial Presequence Receptor Tim50.
Shared PPARalpha/gamma Target Genes Regulate Brown Adipocyte Thermogenic Function.
Postprandial Hyperglycemia Stimulates Neuroglial Plasticity in Hypothalamic POMC Neurons after a Balanced Meal.
Single-Cell Analysis of Foxp1-Driven Mechanisms Essential for Striatal Development.
Functional Diversity of Glycinergic Commissural Inhibitory Neurons in Larval Zebrafish.
Microcircuit Rules Governing Impact of Single Interneurons on Purkinje Cell Output In Vivo.
Microglial Homeostasis Requires Balanced CSF-1/CSF-2 Receptor Signaling.
Innate Lymphoid Cells Play a Pathogenic Role in Pericarditis.
Continuous Microevolution Accelerates Disease Progression during Sequential Episodes of Infection.
The Interplay between CD27dull and CD27bright B Cells Ensures the Flexibility, Stability, and Resilience of Human B Cell Memory.
Virus-Mediated Suppression of the Antigen Presentation Molecule MR1.
Gut Dysbiosis during Influenza Contributes to Pulmonary Pneumococcal Superinfection through Altered Short-Chain Fatty Acid Production.
Interplay of Staphylococcal and Host Proteases Promotes Skin Barrier Disruption in Netherton Syndrome.
An Integrated Metagenome Catalog Reveals New Insights into the Murine Gut Microbiome.
Germline Features Associated with Immune Infiltration in Solid Tumors.
Mitochondrial Pyruvate Carrier 1 Promotes Peripheral T Cell Homeostasis through Metabolic Regulation of Thymic Development.
Gastrointestinal Neurons Expressing HCN4 Regulate Retrograde Peristalsis.
Early B Cell Factor Activity Controls Developmental and Adaptive Thermogenic Gene Programming in Adipocytes.
High-Throughput Screens of PAM-Flexible Cas9 Variants for Gene Knockout and Transcriptional Modulation.
Regulated Proteolysis of MutSgamma Controls Meiotic Crossing Over.
The Ratio of Macronutrients, Not Caloric Intake, Dictates Cardiometabolic Health, Aging, and Longevity in Ad Libitum-Fed Mice.
Ultrasensitive Genetically Encoded Indicator for Hydrogen Peroxide Identifies Roles for the Oxidant in Cell Migration and Mitochondrial Function.
Restoring Cellular Energetics Promotes Axonal Regeneration and Functional Recovery after Spinal Cord Injury.
Bacteria Boost Mammalian Host NAD Metabolism by Engaging the Deamidated Biosynthesis Pathway.
Impairment of Glycolysis-Derived l-Serine Production in Astrocytes Contributes to Cognitive Deficits in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Short-Term Consumption of Sucralose with, but Not without, Carbohydrate Impairs Neural and Metabolic Sensitivity to Sugar in Humans.
AMPK and TOR: The Yin and Yang of Cellular Nutrient Sensing and Growth Control.
When Rhythms Meet the Blues: Circadian Interactions with the Microbiota-Gut-Brain Axis.
Microbiome Modulation of the Host Adaptive Immunity through Bile Acid Modification.
Gut Microbes Controlling Blood Sugar: No Fire Required!
Appetite for Arginine: Metabolic Control of Macrophage Hunger.
Targeting Synaptic NMDA Receptor Co-agonism as a Therapy for Alzheimer \' s Disease?
Stochastic Model of T Cell Repolarization during Target Elimination I.
Dynamics of co-translational membrane protein integration and translocation via the Sec translocon.
Employing an ICT-FRET Integration Platform for the Real-Time Tracking of SO2 Metabolism in Cancer Cells and Tumor Models.
Adjustable Bioorthogonal Conjugation Platform for Protein Studies in Live Cells based on Artificial Compartments.
Targeting Local Osteogenic and Ancillary Cells by Mechanobiologically Optimized Mg Scaffolds for Orbital Bone Reconstruction in Canines.
PGM-free Fe/N/C and ultra-low loading Pt/C hybrid cathode catalysts with enhanced stability and activity in PEM Fuel Cells.
SOX2 mediates cisplatin resistance in small-cell lung cancer with downregulated expression of hsa-miR-340-5p.
Long noncoding RNA UCA1 promotes cell growth, migration, and invasion by targeting miR-143-3p in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
iNOS-inhibitor driven neuroprotection in a porcine retina organ culture model.
Oncolytic virotherapy in hepato-bilio-pancreatic cancer: The key to breaking the log jam?
Segregated Nanocompartments Containing Therapeutic Enzymes and Imaging Compounds within DNA-Zipped Polymersome Clusters for Advanced Nanotheranostic Platform.
A Technical Introduction to Transmission Electron Microscopy for Soft-Matter: Imaging, Possibilities, Choices, and Technical Developments.
Cryopreservation of DNA Origami Nanostructures.
S3 guideline for actinic keratosis and cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma - short version, part 1: diagnosis, interventions for actinic keratoses, care structures and quality-of-care indicators.
Development and validation of hub genes for lymph node metastasis in patients with prostate cancer.
Long non-coding RNA LOC100133669 promotes cell proliferation in oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Maintenance therapy with ex vivo expanded lymphokine-activated killer cells and rituximab in patients with follicular lymphoma is safe and may delay disease progression.
IL-9 exerts biological function on antigen-experienced murine T cells and exacerbates colitis induced by adoptive transfer.
Diagnostic deep-targeted next-generation sequencing assessment of TP53 gene mutations in multiple myeloma from the whole bone marrow.
USP7 inhibition inhibits proliferation and induces megakaryocytic differentiation in MDS cells by upregulating gelsolin.
Preface: Control and Design of Biosystems.
Polycomb group RING finger protein 5 influences several developmental signaling pathways during the in vitro differentiation of mouse embryonic stem cells.
The genetic program to specify ectodermal cells in ascidian embryos.
A ray of hope in a dire situation: Radiotherapy for progression after chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy.
In Vitro and Ex Vivo Models - The Tumor Microenvironment in a Flask.
Modeling of Solid-Tumor Microenvironment in Zebrafish (Danio Rerio) Larvae.
Modulating the Metabolic Phenotype of Cancer Microenvironment.
Animal Models to Study Cancer and Its Microenvironment.
Hydrogen Sulfide Metabolism and Signaling in the Tumor Microenvironment.
The Metabolic Remodelling in Lung Cancer and Its Putative Consequence in Therapy Response.
Exploiting Cancer Cells Metabolic Adaptability to Enhance Therapy Response in Cancer.
The Bone Marrow Niche - The Tumor Microenvironment That Ensures Leukemia Progression.
Inflammatory Microenvironment Modulation of Alternative Splicing in Cancer: A Way to Adapt.
Metabolic Reprogramming and Signaling to Chromatin Modifications in Tumorigenesis.
Melanoma Metabolism: Cell Survival and Resistance to Therapy.
Wnt Signaling: Paths for Cancer Progression.
Monocytes and Macrophages in Cancer: Unsuspected Roles.
Endothelial Cells (ECs) Metabolism: A Valuable Piece to Disentangle Cancer Biology.
Multifaceted Oncogenic Role of Adipocytes in the Tumour Microenvironment.
Metabolic Plasticity of Tumor Cells: How They Do Adapt to Food Deprivation.
Gut Microbiota and Cancer of the Host: Colliding Interests.
Recycling the Interspecific Relations with Epithelial Cells: Bacteria and Cancer Metabolic Symbiosis.
Lactate and Lactate Transporters as Key Players in the Maintenance of the Warburg Effect.
Tumor Microenvironment - Selective Pressures Boosting Cancer Progression.
Metabolic Remodeling as a Way of Adapting to Tumor Microenvironment (TME), a Job of Several Holders.
Artificial Erythrina Alkaloids from Three Erythrina Plants, E. variegata, E. crista-galli and E. arborescens.
MiR-1256 inhibits cell proliferation and cell cycle progression in papillary thyroid cancer by targeting 5-hydroxy tryptamine receptor 3A.
Overexpression of tissue factor pathway inhibitor 2 attenuates trophoblast proliferation and invasion in preeclampsia.
PRDX2 plays an oncogenic role in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma via Wnt/beta-catenin and AKT pathways.
18F-FDG maximum standard uptake value predicts PD-L1 expression on tumor cells or tumor-infiltrating immune cells in non-small cell lung cancer.
Efficacy and Safety of Basal Insulin-Based Treatment Versus Twice-Daily Premixed Insulin After Short-Term Intensive Insulin Therapy in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in China: Study Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial (BEYOND V).
Long noncoding RNA LINC01234 silencing exerts an anti-oncogenic effect in esophageal cancer cells through microRNA-193a-5p-mediated CCNE1 downregulation.
NRF2-driven redox metabolism takes center stage in cancer metabolism from an outside-in perspective.
Coronary corium, a new source of equine mesenchymal stromal cells.
Shewanella oneidensis MR-1 impregnated Ca-alginate capsule for efficient Cr(VI) reduction and Cr(III) adsorption.
Complex I Controls Mitochondrial and Plasma Membrane Potentials in Nerve Terminals.
Acidic residues of extracellular loop 3 of the Na+/H+ exchanger type 1 are important in cation transport.
The preventive and therapeutic effects of alpha-lipoic acid on ethylene glycol-induced calcium oxalate deposition in rats.
G1T48, an oral selective estrogen receptor degrader, and the CDK4/6 inhibitor lerociclib inhibit tumor growth in animal models of endocrine-resistant breast cancer.
Proteins of the Vesicular Cycle as a Marker of Neuroplasticity of Dopaminergic Neurons in the Substantia Nigra of the Brain.
Low-Molecular-Weight Compound GSB-106 Mimics the Cellular Effects of BDNF after Serum Deprivation.
Recombinant Analogue of the Human Protein SLURP-1 Inhibits the Growth of Multicellular Spheroids Reconstructed from Carcinoma Cells.
Resistance of THP-1 Leukemia Cells Infected with Cytomegalovirus to Anti-tumor Antibiotic Doxorubicin and Restoration of the Sensitivity by Inhibitors of the PI3K/AKT/mTOR Molecular Pathway.
Removal of the Translocation Domain and the Furin Cleavage Site Decreases the Relative Hepatotoxicity of the Targeted Antitumor Toxins.
Effects of Gamma-Radiation on DNA Damage in Onion (Allium cepa L.) Seedlings.
Diketopiperazines and other bioactive compounds from bacterial symbionts of marine sponges.
Insights into the pH-dependent, extracellular sucrose utilization and concomitant levan formation by Gluconobacter albidus TMW 2.1191.
Genome-wide expression profiling reveals increased stability and mitochondrial energy metabolism of the human liver cell line HepaRG-CAR.
Dysregulations of mitochondrial quality control and autophagic flux at an early age lead to progression of sarcopenia in SAMP8 mice.
Effects of Sevoflurane Exposure During Late Pregnancy on Brain Development and Beneficial Effects of Enriched Environment on Offspring Cognition.
TGF-beta3/Smad3 Contributes to Isoflurane Postconditioning Against Cerebral Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury by Upregulating MEF2C.
On the emergence of cognition: from catalytic closure to neuroglial closure.
Inhibitory effects of msFGFR2c on the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition of AE2 cells in pulmonary fibrosis.
Spatiotemporal remodeling of embryonic aortic arch: stress distribution, microstructure, and vascular growth in silico.
The effectiveness of various cytotherapeutic strategies for the treatment of ischemic stroke: a Bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
The Cost-Effective Preparation of Green Fluorescent Carbon Dots for Bioimaging and Enhanced Intracellular Drug Delivery.
Technological mapping and trends in photobioreactors for the production of microalgae.
Shedding light on pediatric diseases: multispectral optoacoustic tomography at the doorway to clinical applications.
Detoxification of sugarcane bagasse hydrolysate with different adsorbents to improve the fermentative process.
Trends in incidence of anal cancer in Austria, 1983-2016.
High glucose concentration produces a short-term increase in pERK1/2 and p85 proteins, having a direct angiogenetic effect by an action similar to VEGF.
[Multiple myeloma in old people : Practical skills for geriatricians and general practitioners].
The bacterial instrument as a promising therapy for colon cancer.
Human genetics and malaria resistance.
Evolving challenges to model human diseases for translational research.
Heterologous expression of a chimeric gene, OsDST-SRDX, enhanced salt tolerance of transgenic switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.).
Histological and magnified endoscopic evaluation of villous atrophy in gastrointestinal graft-versus-host disease.
Large-scale manufacture of VP2 VLP vaccine against porcine parvovirus in Escherichia coli with high-density fermentation.
Current progress in NK cell biology and NK cell-based cancer immunotherapy.
Less is more: reducing the number of administered chimeric antigen receptor T cells in a mouse model using a mathematically guided approach.
18F-FDG PET/CT demonstrated symmetric FDG uptake in internal capsule in a diffuse large B cell lymphoma patient with false interpretation on multiparametric brain MRI.
Quantification of the dynamics of population heterogeneities in CHO cultures with stably integrated fluorescent markers.
Simple, rapid, and cost-effective microextraction by the packed sorbent method for quantifying of urinary free catecholamines and metanephrines using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry and its application in clinical analysis.
Regulation of B-cell function by NF-kappaB c-Rel in health and disease.
Isotope metallomics approaches for medical research.
Emodin alleviated pulmonary inflammation in rats with LPS-induced acute lung injury through inhibiting the mTOR/HIF-1alpha/VEGF signaling pathway.
IL-21 is a broad negative regulator of IgE class switch recombination in mouse and human B cells.
USP22 promotes IRF3 nuclear translocation and antiviral responses by deubiquitinating the importin protein KPNA2.
Progression of AITL-like tumors in mice is driven by Tfh signature proteins and T-B cross talk.
Assessment of minimal residual disease using multiparametric flow cytometry in patients with AL amyloidosis.
High-mobility Group Box 1 Facilitates CD4 T Cell Self-aggregation Via Integrin and STAT3 Activation Before Homing.
ADAMTS4 is upregulated in colorectal cancer and could be a useful prognostic indicator of colorectal cancer.
30 Years of Experience with Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma in Children and Adolescents: a retrospective cohort study.
Glycogen synthase kinase 3ss participates in late stages of Dengue virus-2 infection.
A new gene inventory of the ubiquitin and ubiquitin-like conjugation pathways in Giardia intestinalis.
Zika virus infection in the genital tract of non-pregnant females: a systematic review.
Untargeted Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound Versus Contrast-Enhanced Computed Tomography: A Differential Diagnostic Performance (DDP) Study for Kidney Lesions.
Effects of varenicline on lung tissue in the animal model.
Brain death effects on lung microvasculature in an experimental model of lung donor.
Up-regulated miR-106b inhibits ox-LDL-induced endothelial cell apoptosis in atherosclerosis.
JC Virus infected choroid plexus epithelial cells produce extracellular vesicles that infect glial cells independently of the virus attachment receptor.
Extrapulmonary tuberculosis in HIV-infected patients in rural Tanzania: The prospective Kilombero and Ulanga antiretroviral cohort.
Retraction: EPO Receptor Gain-of-Function Causes Hereditary Polycythemia, Alters CD34+ Cell Differentiation and Increases Circulating Endothelial Precursors.
Host-glycan metabolism is regulated by a species-conserved two-component system in Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Influence of EGFR-activating mutations on sensitivity to tyrosine kinase inhibitors in a KRAS mutant non-small cell lung cancer cell line.
Aquaporin locus (12q13.12) might contribute to susceptibility of temporomandibular joint disorder associated with periodontitis.
3PO inhibits inflammatory NFkappaB and stress-activated kinase signaling in primary human endothelial cells independently of its target PFKFB3.
Myosoft: An automated muscle histology analysis tool using machine learning algorithm utilizing FIJI/ImageJ software.
Cell-free chromatin particles released from dying host cells are global instigators of endotoxin sepsis in mice.
The life-cycles of skin replacement technologies.
Immunotherapy with DNA vaccine and live attenuated rubella/SIV gag vectors plus early ART can prevent SIVmac251 viral rebound in acutely infected rhesus macaques.
Energy self-sufficient households with photovoltaics and electric vehicles are feasible in temperate climate.
Striated myocyte structural integrity: Automated analysis of sarcomeric z-discs.
Non-invasive prenatal testing for aneuploidy, copy number variants and single gene disorders.
Integrated analysis of mRNA and protein expression profiling in tubal endometriosis.
Hormonally Controlled ILC Antigen Presentation Potential is Reduced During Pregnancy.
Social, Organizational, and Technological Factors Impacting Clinicians \'  Adoption of Mobile Health Tools: Systematic Literature Review.
Analyzing Medical Research Results Based on Synthetic Data and Their Relation to Real Data Results: Systematic Comparison From Five Observational Studies.
Proteome profile of peripheral myelin in healthy mice and in a neuropathy model.
Voice gender categorization in the connected and disconnected hemispheres.
Regulation of Myosin Heavy Chain Antisense Long Non-Coding RNA in Human Vastus Lateralis in Response to Exercise Training.
The Role of Sphingolipid Pathway in Liver Fibrosis: An Emerging New Potential Target for Novel Therapies.
Copper promotes sheep pancreatic duct organoid growth by ATOX1-dependent MEK-ERK pathway activation.
Conjunction junction, what \' s the function? CCN proteins as targets in fibrosis and cancers.
Airway submucosal glands from cystic fibrosis swine suffer from abnormal ion transport across the serous acini, collecting duct and ciliated duct.
IL-4/IL-13 upregulates Sonic hedgehog expression to induce allergic airway epithelial remodeling.
ADAM17 protects against elastase-induced emphysema by suppressing CD62L+ leukocyte infiltration in mice.
Phenotype transitions induced by mechanical stimuli in airway smooth muscle are regulated by differential interactions of parvin isoforms with paxillin and Akt.
Genomic Insight into Natural Inactivation of Shiga Toxin 2 Production in an Environmental Escherichia coli Strain Producing Shiga Toxin 1.
Temperature-Responsive Poly(N-Isopropylacrylamide) Nanogels: The Role of Hollow Cavities and Different Shell Cross-Linking Densities on Doxorubicin Loading and Release.
Arginine-Terminated Nanoparticle of &lt; 10 nm for Direct Membrane Penetration and Protein Delivery for Straight Access to Cytosol/Nucleus.
Potential Antidiabetic Fumiquinazoline Alkaloids from the Marine-Derived Fungus Scedosporium apiospermum F41-1.
Unveiling the relationship between the perovskite precursor solution and the resulting device performance.
Discovery and SARs of 5-chloro-N4-phenyl-N2-(pyridin-2-yl)pyrimidine-2,4-diamine derivatives as oral available and dual CDK 6 and 9 inhibitors with potent anti-tumor activity.
Comprehensive Evaluation of a Quantitative Shotgun Lipidomics Platform for Mammalian Sample Analysis on a High-Resolution Mass Spectrometer.
Mechanism underlying p-coumaric acid alleviation of lipid accumulation in palmitic acid-treated human hepatoma cells.
Detection of transport intermediates in the peptidoglycan flippase MurJ identifies residues essential for conformational cycling.
Interrogation of the Reaction Mechanism in a Na-O2 Battery Using In-Situ Transmission Electron Microscopy.
Cell-Membrane-Mimicking Nanodecoys against Infectious Diseases.
Expanding the CRISPR Toolbox in Culicine Mosquitoes: In Vitro Validation of Pol III Promoters.
Iodine-124 Based Dual Positron Emission Tomography and Fluorescent Labeling Reagents for In vivo Cell Tracking.
The effect of luteolin 7-glucoside, apigenin 7-glucoside and Succisa pratensis extracts on NF-kappaB activation and alpha-amylase activity in HepG2 cells.
Long-Term Efficacy and Safety of Superficial Radiation Therapy in Subjects With Nonmelanoma Skin Cancer: A Retrospective Registry Study
Ingenol Mebutate: Expanded Utility
Clinical and Molecular Effects of Interleukin-17 Pathway Blockade in Psoriasis
Real-World Clinical Experience With the IL-17 Receptor A Antagonist Brodalumab
Modeling immune cell behavior across scales in cancer.
Determination of high-risk HPV status of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma using the Roche cobas HPV test on cytologic specimens and acellular supernatant fluid.
Potent USP10/13 antagonist spautin-1 suppresses melanoma growth via ROS-mediated DNA damage and exhibits synergy with cisplatin.
The rationale and toxicity of combined cranial radiotherapy and immune checkpoint inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer.
Automated sample preparation with SP3 for low-input clinical proteomics.
Personalized signaling models for personalized treatments.
The efficacy of axitinib as a first-line treatment for metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Staying in touch with the endocytic network: the importance of contacts for cholesterol transport.
The S. mutans mntE gene encodes a manganese efflux transporter.
SPIB promotes anoikis resistance via elevated autolysosomal process in lung cancer cells.
Patterns of response in metastatic NSCLC during PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitor therapy: Comparison of the RECIST 1.1 and iRECIST criteria.
Deregulated hypoxic response in myeloid cells: a model for High-Altitude Pulmonary Edema (HAPE).
Osimertinib, a third-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor: A retrospective multicenter study of its real-world efficacy and safety in advanced/recurrent non-small cell lung carcinoma.
Morphology of the male reproductive system of freshwater prawn Macrobrachium carcinus (Decapoda, Caridea): Functional and comparative aspects.
Rapid changes in the ATG5-ATG16L1 complex following nutrient deprivation measured using NanoLuc Binary Technology (NanoBIT).
The effect of four materials on direct pulp capping: An animal study.
LncRNA MALAT1 cooperates with EZH2 to promote hepatocellular carcinoma development by modulating the miR-22/SNAI1 axis.
MicroRNA targeting of the non-canonical planar cell polarity pathway in the developing neural tube.
A lamin-like protein OsNMCP1 regulates drought resistance and root growth through chromatin accessibility modulation by interacting with a chromatin remodeler OsSWI3C in rice.
The WRKY6 transcription factor affects seed oil accumulation and alters fatty acid compositions in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Transcervical sonography and human papillomavirus 16 E6 antibodies are sensitive for the detection of oropharyngeal cancer.
Root-knot nematodes induce gall formation by recruiting developmental pathways of post-embryonic organogenesis and regeneration to promote transient pluripotency.
Quantitative, qualitative and spatial analysis of lymphocyte infiltration in periampullary and pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
ONECUT2 upregulation is associated with CpG hypomethylation at promoter-proximal DNA in gastric cancer and triggers ACSL5.
N 1-methyladenosine (m1A) RNA modification: the key to ribosome control?
Risk stratification of prostate cancer through quantitative assessment of PTEN loss (qPTEN).
Conversion of waste materials into very long chain fatty acids by the recombinant yeast Yarrowia lipolytica.
Carbon metabolism snapshot by ddPCR during the early step of Candida albicans phagocytosis by macrophages.
Mesophyll conductance: the leaf corridors for photosynthesis.
Cysteine 202 of Cyclophilin D is a site of multiple post-translational modifications and plays a role in cardioprotection.
Inferring cellular heterogeneity of associations from single cell genomics.
Scratching the surface: native mass spectrometry of peripheral membrane protein complexes.
Commentary on: Is Banning Texturized Implants to Prevent Breast Implant-Associated Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma (BIA-ALCL) a Rational Decision? A Meta-Analysis and Cost-Effectiveness Study.
Commentary on: Is Banning Texturized Implants to Prevent Breast Implant-Associated Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma (BIA-ALCL) a Rational Decision? A Meta-Analysis and Cost-Effectiveness Study.
USP16 counteracts mono-ubiquitination of RPS27a and promotes maturation of the 40S ribosomal subunit.
ARL13B regulates Sonic Hedgehog signaling from outside primary cilia.
[Cancer cell, stellate cells and stiffness: the vicious circle of hepatic metastasis].
[Our brain - A scientific and artistic journey from cells to emotions (Herve Chneiweiss)].
[Endoplasmic reticulum stress response and pathogenesis of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis].
[Study of early events influencing the settlement of cancer cells in metastatic niches].
Roseimaritima sediminicola sp. nov., a new member of Planctomycetaceae isolated from Chilika lagoon.
Reverse engineering forces responsible for dynamic clustering and spreading of multiple nuclei in developing muscle cells.
Wnt Regulation: Exploring Axin-Disheveled interactions and defining mechanisms by which the SCF E3 ubiquitin ligase is recruited to the destruction complex.
Abundances of transcripts, proteins, and metabolites in the cell cycle of budding yeast reveal coordinate control of lipid metabolism.
The humanized DRAGA mouse (HLA-A2. HLA-DR4. RAG1 KO. IL-2R g c KO. NOD) establishes inducible and transmissible models for influenza type A infections.
Apical Constriction Reversal upon Mitotic Entry Underlies Different Morphogenetic Outcomes of Cell Division.
Phosphorylation of multiple proteins involved in ciliogenesis by Tau Tubulin kinase 2.
miR-206 knockout shows it is critical for myogenesis and directly regulates newly identified target mRNAs.
Combined freezing-thawing pretreatment and microbial electrolysis cell for enhancement of highly concentrated organics degradation from dewatered sludge.
Evaluation of in vitro absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion and assessment of drug-drug interaction of rucaparib, an orally potent poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase inhibitor.
Effect of embryo vitrification on the expression of brain tissue proteins in mouse offspring.
CMA1 is potent prognostic marker and associates with immune infiltration in gastric cancer.
The Roles of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell Derived Cardiomyocytes in Drug Discovery: Managing In Vitro Safety Study Expectations.
Novel In-Frame Deletion Mutation in NOTCH1 in a Chinese Sporadic Case of Adams-Oliver Syndrome.
Psychological symptom screening in an adult sickle cell disease clinic and predictors of treatment follow up.
NADPH Oxidase Inhibition in Fibrotic Pathologies.
Recent advances in hearing conservation programmes: A systematic review.
Vitamin E Scaffolds of pH-Responsive Lipid Nanoparticles as DNA Vaccines in Cancer and Protozoan Infection.
Multifractal Properties of BK Channels \'  Currents in Human Glioblastoma Cells.
Multiresponsive Luminescent Sensitivities of a 3D Cd-CP with Visual Turn-on and Ratiometric Sensing toward Al3+ and Cr3+ as Well as Turn-off Sensing toward Fe3.
Pt(II) versus Pt(IV) in Carbene Glycoconjugate Antitumor Agents: Minimal Structural Variations and Great Performance Changes.
Effect of Microbial Biomass and Humic Acids on Abiotic and Biotic Magnetite Formation.
Molecular target validation of Aspartate Transcarbamoylase from Plasmodium falciparum by Torin 2.
Improving Mechanical Properties and Biocompatibilities by Highly Oriented Long Chain Branching Poly(lactic acid) with Bionic Surface Structures.
Neuroinflammatory Gene Expression Alterations in Anterior Cingulate Cortical White and Gray Matter of Males With Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Colorectal peritoneal metastases: pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment options - an evidence-based update.
Maize WI5 encodes an endo-1,4-beta-xylanase required for secondary cell wall synthesis and water transport in xylem.
Mutual regulation between butyrate and HIF-1alpha in epithelial cell promotes expression of Tight Junction (TJ) proteins.
Ventral hippocampus inactivation enhances the extinction of active avoidance responses in the presence of safety signals but leaves discrete trial operant active avoidance performance intact.
Genome-Wide CRISPR Screen Identifies ZIC2 As An Essential Gene That Controls The Cell-Fate of Early Mesodermal Precursors To Human Heart Progenitors.
TRPV4 Channels as Therapeutic Targets in Diabetes and Diabetes-related Complications.
Outcomes and toxicities following stereotactic ablative radiotherapy for pulmonary metastases in patients with primary head and neck cancer.
Self-Assembled Ionic Liquid for Highly Efficient Electron Transport Layer Free Perovskite Solar Cells.
Hypoxia-induced apoptosis of Astrocytes is mediated by reduction of Dicer and activation of caspase-1.
Pathway-specific reporter genes to study stem cell biology.
Chitinase10 controls chitin amounts and organization in the wing cuticle of Drosophila.
Hes1 deficiency causes hematopoietic stem cell exhaustion.
Paeonol ameliorates murine alcohol liver disease via mycobiota-mediated Dectin-1/IL-1beta signaling pathway.
LINC00667 promotes Wilms \'  tumor metastasis and stemness by sponging miR-200b/c/429 family to regulate IKK-beta.
Utilizing Multiparametric Flow Cytometry in the Diagnosis of Patients with Primary Plasma Cell Leukemia.
Loss of surface CD3 expression in allogeneic CAR T-cells.
Frequency of CD36 deficiency in Thais analyzed by quantification of CD36 on cell surfaces and in plasma.
Inactivation of Plasmodium falciparum in whole blood using the amustaline and glutathione pathogen reduction technology.
EF hand-like motif mutations of Nav1.4 C-terminus cause myotonic syndrome by impairing fast inactivation.
The path to a better biomarker: application of a risk management framework for the implementation of PD-L1 and TILs as immuno-oncology biomarkers into breast cancer clinical trials and daily practice.
Differential expression of nicotinamide N-methyltransferase in primary and recurrent ameloblastomas and odontogenic keratocysts.
The CD151-midkine pathway regulates the immune microenvironment in inflammatory breast cancer.
Simultaneous increases in the levels of compatible solutes by cost-effective cultivation of Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
CAMERS-B: CRISPR/Cpf1 Assisted Multiple-genes Editing and Regulation System for Bacillus subtilis.
Metformin reduces aging-related leaky gut and improves cognitive function by beneficially modulating gut microbiome/goblet cell/mucin axis.
LncRNA MIR155HG contributes to smoke-related chronic obstructive pulmonary disease by targeting miR-128-5p/BRD4 axis.
A Novel Histidine-Tryptophan-Ketoglutarate Formulation Ameliorates Intestinal Injury in a Cold Storage and ex vivo Warm Oxygenated Reperfusion Model in Rats.
The Y-chromosome F haplogroup contributes to the development of Barrett \' s esophagus-associated esophageal adenocarcinoma in a white male population.
Biallelic variants in PSMB1 encoding the proteasome subunit beta6 cause impairment of proteasome function, microcephaly, intellectual disability, developmental delay and short stature.
Simultaneous changes in expression levels of BAALC and miR-326: a novel prognostic biomarker for childhood ALL.
Advancing biology based therapeutic approaches for atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumors.
Hypoxia-induced small extracellular vesicle proteins regulate proinflammatory cytokines and systemic blood pressure in pregnant rats.
How many cells are enough for single-cell infrared spectroscopy?
Influences of niobium pentoxide on roughness, hydrophilicity, surface energy and protein absorption, and cellular responses to PEEK based composites for orthopedic applications.
Zwitterionic near-infrared fluorophore for targeted photothermal cancer therapy.
Co5.47N loaded N-doped carbon as an efficient bifunctional oxygen electrocatalyst for a Zn-air battery.
A polymeric nanocarrier with a tumor acidity-activatable arginine-rich (R9) peptide for enhanced drug delivery.
Nanoparticles with surface features of dendritic oligopeptides as potential oral drug delivery systems.
Correction: Applications of Raman spectroscopy in the development of cell therapies: state of the art and future perspectives.
Multifunctional composite hydrogel bolus with combined self-healing, antibacterial and adhesive functions for radiotherapy.
Developing in vitro assays to transform gastrointestinal safety assessment: potential for microphysiological systems.
Synergistic neuroprotective effect of schisandrin and nootkatone on regulating inflammation, apoptosis and autophagy via the PI3K/AKT pathway.
Rosmarinic acid alleviates ethanol-induced lipid accumulation by repressing fatty acid biosynthesis.
Nanoparticles based on carboxymethylcellulose-modified rice protein for efficient delivery of lutein.
The shell matters: one step synthesis of core-shell silicon nanoparticles with room temperature ultranarrow emission linewidth.
Stabilization of indocyanine green dye in polymeric micelles for NIR-II fluorescence imaging and cancer treatment.
Lossless immunocytochemistry using photo-polymerized hydrogel thin-films.
Virus-mimicking mesoporous organosilica nanocapsules with soft framework and rough surface for enhanced cellular uptake and tumor penetration.
A biodegradable CO2-based polymeric antitumor nanodrug via a one-pot surfactant- and solvent-free miniemulsion preparation.
Altered Mitochondrial Dynamics, Biogenesis, and Functions in the Paclitaxel-Resistant Lung Adenocarcinoma Cell Line A549/Taxol.
Efficacy and tolerability of nimotuzumab in combination with chemotherapy in recurrent and metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of head and neck at a cancer center in Northern India.
Efficacy and safety of apatinib monotherapy in elderly patients with advanced metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
Grossing and reporting of testicular tumor specimens : An evidence-based approach.
Tumefactive Acute Disseminated Encephalomyelitis.
Emerging Advanced Technologies Developed by IPR for Bio Medical Applications -.A Review.
De novo chromophobe renal cell carcinoma in the graft three decades after renal transplantation in a patient with a history of three renal transplants.
Evaluation of the relationship between blood cell parameters and vascular calcification in dialysis-dependent end-stage renal disease patients.
Metabolic syndrome, malnutrition, and its associations with cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in hemodialysis patients: Follow-up for three years.
Study of the relationship between urinary level of uromodulin, renal involvement and disease activity in patients with systemic lupus erythrematosus.
Insilico and In Vitro Study: COX-2 Inhibition by Ethanol Extract of Dayak Onion Bulb (Eleutherine americana Merr) as Treatment Innovation of Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH).
Opioid growth factor and its derivatives as potential non-toxic multifunctional anticancer and analgesic compounds.
An efficient method for recombinant production of human alpha synuclein in Escherichia coli using thioredoxin as a fusion partner.
Samarium enriches antitumor activity of ZnO nanoparticles via downregulation of CXCR4 receptor and cytochrome P450.
Global dynamics for a model of amyloid fibril formation in pancreatic islet beta cells subjected to a therapy.
MiR-384 Inhibits Malignant Biological Behavior Such as Proliferation and Invasion of Osteosarcoma by Regulating IGFBP3.
Post-chemotherapy cognitive impairment in hematological patients: current understanding of chemobrain in hematology.
The Ebola virus glycoprotein and its immune responses across multiple vaccine platforms.
Alzheimer \' s disease: microglia targets and their modulation to promote amyloid phagocytosis and mitigate neuroinflammation.
A safety evaluation of dimethyl fumarate in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
The safety and efficacy of pembrolizumab for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer.
Long-term dietary administration of diethyl phthalate triggers loss of insulin sensitivity in two key insulin target tissues of mice.
Nitidine Chloride Is a Potential Alternative Therapy for Glioma Through Inducing Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Alleviating Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition.
Adenosine A2BAR activation stimulates alveolar fluid clearance through alveolar epithelial sodium channel via cAMP pathway in endotoxin-induced lung injury.
Cancer Cells and M2 Macrophages: Cooperative Invasive Ecosystem Engineers.
Novel Lewis Base Cyclam Self-Passivation of Perovskites without Anti-Solvent Process for Efficient Light-Emitting Diodes.
Graphene Quantum Dot-Based Nanocomposites for Diagnosing Cancer Biomarker APE1 in Living Cells.
Together We Are Stronger: Protein Clustering at the Nanoscale.
Is Bismuth Really the "Green" Metal? Exploring the Antimicrobial Activity and Cytotoxicity of Organobismuth Thiolate Complexes.
Amide-Iminoate Isomerism in Antineuroinflammatory Isoquinoline Alkaloids from Stephania cepharantha.
Regulated Crystallization of Efficient and Stable Tin-based Perovskite Solar Cells via Self-sealing Polymer.
Acetamidinium substituted methylammonium lead iodide perovskite solar cells with higher open-circuit voltage and improved intrinsic stability.
Efficient Water Oxidation Using Ta3N5 Thin Film Photoelectrodes Prepared on Insulating Transparent Substrates.
Extracellular Matrix Production by Mesenchymal Stromal Cells in Hydrogels Facilitates Cell Spreading and Is Inhibited by FGF-2.
Pancreatic fat accumulation evaluated by multi-detector computed tomography in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Prospective assessment of loss to follow-up: incidence and associated factors in a cohort of HIV-positive adults in rural Tanzania.
Maintaining protein stability of  Np63 via USP28 is required by squamous cancer cells.
TAS-115 inhibits PDGFRalpha/AXL/FLT-3 signaling and suppresses lung metastasis of osteosarcoma.
miR-451a is downregulated and targets PSMB8 in prostate cancer.
Curtailing the Overpotential of Li-CO2 Batteries with Shape-Controlled Cu2O as Cathode: Effect of Illuminating the Cathode.
A glutathione S-transferase (BdGSTd9) participates in malathion resistance via directly depleting malathion and its toxic oxide malaoxon in Bactrocera dorsalis (Hendel).
Indomethacin decreases insulin secretion by reducing KCa3.1 as a biomarker of pancreatic tumor and causes apoptotic cell death.
Heat Shock Protein 12A Is a Novel PCNA-binding Protein and Promotes Hepatocellular Carcinoma Growth.
Individualized concept for the treatment of autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease with end-stage renal disease.
Short-term changes in polysaccharide utilization mechanisms of marine bacterioplankton during a spring phytoplankton bloom.
Comparison of term and preterm labor procalcitonin and leukocyte cell volume, conductivity and light scatter (VCS) parameters in order to demonstrate the impact of inflammation on the triggering mechanisms of preterm uterin contractions.
HIV programmatic outcomes following implementation of the  \' Treat-All \'  policy in a public sector setting in Eswatini: a prospective cohort study.
WDR63 inhibits Arp2/3-dependent actin polymerization and mediates the function of p53 in suppressing metastasis.
Digital Workflow for Producing Oral Positioning Radiotherapy Stents for Head and Neck Cancer.
Enhanced anticancer potency of doxorubicin in combination with curcumin in gastric adenocarcinoma.
Smart Design of Nanomaterials for Mitochondria-Targeted Nanotherapeutics.
2,2 \' ,4,4 \' ,5-Pentabromodiphenyl ether induces lipid accumulation throughout differentiation in 3T3-L1 and human preadipocytes in vitro.
Conformationally constrained peptides for drug delivery.
Clinical and molecular insights into BCG immunotherapy for melanoma.
BMP8A promotes survival and drug resistance via Nrf2/TRIM24 signaling pathway in clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Cancer worry and empathy moderate the effect of a survivorship-focused intervention on quality of life.
Long noncoding RNA LINC00324 exerts protumorigenic effects on liver cancer stem cells by upregulating fas ligand via PU box binding protein.
Discoidin domain receptor 1 regulates endochondral ossification through terminal differentiation of chondrocytes.
Regulation of lipid-induced macrophage polarization through modulating PPAR-gamma activity affects hepatic lipid metabolism via TLR4/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
A case of disseminated microscopic demyelination with multifocal dystrophic calcification.
Long noncoding RNA RP11-626G11.3 promotes the progression of glioma through miR-375-SP1 axis.
HSP105 expression in oral squamous cell carcinoma: correlation with clinicopathological features and outcomes.
Recent advances with alkaline phosphatase isoenzymes and their inhibitors.
Circadian rhythms in the mouse reproductive axis during the estrous cycle and pregnancy.
A SNARE geranylgeranyltransferase essential for the organization of the Golgi apparatus.
LINC00174 is an oncogenic lncRNA of hepatocellular carcinoma and regulates miR-320/S100A10 axis.
YAP/TAZ: Drivers of Tumor Growth, Metastasis, and Resistance to Therapy.
Diagnosis of canine renal lymphoma by cytology and flow cytometry of the urine.
Biomarkers for Early Cancer Diagnosis: Prospects for Success through the Lens of Tumor Genetics.
Targeted Apoptosis Of Ductular Reactive Cells Reduces Hepatic Fibrosis In A Mouse Model of Cholestasis.
Secreted stromal protein ISLR promotes intestinal regeneration by suppressing epithelial Hippo signaling.
Photodynamic Therapy and Immunity: An Update.
T cells producing multiple combinations of IFNgamma, TNF and IL10 are associated with mild forms of dengue infection.
BRUP-1, an intracellular bilirubin modulator, exerts neuroprotective activity in a cellular Parkinson \' s disease model.
[Clinical practice guidelines for single gene glaucoma disorder].
[Clinical practice guidelines for retinitis pigmentosa].
[Clinical practice guidelines for beta-thalassemia].
Healthcare Costs of Treating Privately Insured Patients with Acute Myeloid Leukemia in the United States from 2004 to 2014: A Generalized Additive Modeling Approach.
Renal protective effect of nebivolol in rat models of acute renal injury: role of sodium glucose co-transporter 2.
Stem cell therapy: old challenges and new solutions.
Analysis of Cadmium, Epigallocatechin Gallate, and Vitamin C Co-exposure on PC12 Cellular Mechanisms.
Protective effects of anthocyanins against brain ischemic damage.
Establishment of a Genomic-Clinicopathologic Nomogram for Predicting Early Recurrence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma After R0 Resection.
Chemo-radiotherapy integration in unresectable locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a review.
Bile duct adenoma: imaging features and radiologic-pathologic correlation.
Clinical and radiation dose-volume factors related to pneumonitis after treatment with radiation and durvalumab in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Follicular cytotoxic CD8 T cells present high cytokine expression, and are more susceptible to Breg-mediated suppression in non-small cell lung cancer.
The case for severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID) and T cell lymphopenia newborn screening: saving lives...one at a time.
Expression and regulation of Smad2 by gonadotropins in the protogynous hermaphroditic ricefield eel (Monopterus albus).
GSTP1 Inhibits LPS-Induced Inflammatory Response Through Regulating Autophagy in THP-1 Cells.
Type 2 diabetes - unmet need, unresolved pathogenesis, mTORC1-centric paradigm.
High-throughput dynamical analysis of dielectrophoretic frequency dispersion of single cells based on deflected flow streamlines.
Genome-wide analyses of banana fasciclin-like AGP genes and their differential expression under low-temperature stress in chilling sensitive and tolerant cultivars.
ALK detection in lung cancer: identification of atypical and cryptic ALK rearrangements using an optimal algorithm.
CNP deficiency causes severe hypomyelinating leukodystrophy in humans.
Cytoreductive nephrectomy in metastatic renal cell carcinoma: outcome of patients treated with a multidisciplinary, algorithm-driven approach.
Modelling physical limits of migration by a kinetic model with non-local sensing.
Apelin/APJ system: an emerging therapeutic target for respiratory diseases.
Incomplete Excision of Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma; Systematic Review of the Literature.
Pilot Study of a Novel Therapeutic Approach for Refractory Advanced Stage Folliculotropic Mycosis Fungoides.
Unconventional Estrogen Signaling in Health and Disease.
Origins, admixture dynamics and homogenization of the African gene pool in the Americas.
Exonuclease combinations reduce noises in 3D genomics technologies.
MKL1 deficiency results in a severe neutrophil motility defect due to impaired actin polymerization.
The effects of graded levels of calorie restriction XV: phase space attractors reveal distinct behavioral phenotypes.
Translational read-through promotes aggregation and shapes stop codon identity.
Structure specific recognition of telomeric repeats containing RNA by the RGG-box of hnRNPA1.
Metabolically Healthy Obesity.
Factor VIII exhibits chaperone-dependent and glucose-regulated reversible amyloid formation in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Topoisomerase 2beta mutation impairs early B cell development.
Tolerogenic properties of CD206+ macrophages appeared in the sublingual mucosa after repeated antigen-painting.
INSM1 Is a Highly Specific Marker of Neuroendocrine Differentiation in Primary Neoplasms of the Gastrointestinal Tract, Appendix, and Pancreas.
Incorporation of a unified protein abundance dataset into the Saccharomyces genome database.
High-protein diets increase cardiovascular risk by activating macrophage mTOR to suppress mitophagy.
Influenza vaccines: the potential benefits of cell-culture isolation and manufacturing.
Non-bacterial thrombotic endocarditis in the context of pulmonary adenocarcinoma: a case report.
Constrictive pericarditis masquerading as hepatic sequestration crisis in a patient with sickle cell disease: a case report.
Differential role of MAX2 and strigolactones in pathogen, ozone, and stomatal responses.
Data-driven statistical modeling of the emergent behavior of biohybrid microrobots.
Good advice for endothelial cells: Get in line, relax tension, and go with the flow.
Single nucleotide alterations in MicroRNAs and human cancer-A not fully explored field.
In vitro and in vivo degradation behavior of Mg-2Sr-Ca and Mg-2Sr-Zn alloys.
The effects of hyaluronate-containing medium on human embryo attachment to endometrial epithelial cells in vitro.
Super-enhancer function and its application in cancer targeted therapy.
Temporal bone histopathology in MELAS syndrome.
Prognostic factors in laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma.
Organ preservation following radiation therapy and concurrent intra-arterial low dose cisplatin infusion for advanced T2 and T3 laryngeal cancer: Long-term clinical results from a pilot study.
Electronic tumor board presentations as the basis for the development of a head and neck cancer database.
Sustained IFN-I stimulation impairs MAIT cell responses to bacteria by inducing IL-10 during chronic HIV-1 infection.
Discovery of a picomolar potency pharmacological corrector of the mutant CFTR chloride channel.
Engineering light-controllable CAR T cells for cancer immunotherapy.
Vascular endothelium-targeted Sirt7 gene therapy rejuvenates blood vessels and extends life span in a Hutchinson-Gilford progeria model.
IRE1alpha kinase-mediated unconventional protein secretion rescues misfolded CFTR and pendrin.
Excitons in 2D perovskites for ultrafast terahertz photonic devices.
Glycosylation of immunoglobulin G is regulated by a large network of genes pleiotropic with inflammatory diseases.
Interfering MSN-NONO complex-activated CREB signaling serves as a therapeutic strategy for triple-negative breast cancer.
LATS kinase-mediated CTCF phosphorylation and selective loss of genomic binding.
Development and Evaluation of an Integrated Digital Patient Platform During Oncology Treatment.
Successful Management of Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura in a Jehovah \' s Witness: An Individualized Approach With Joint Decision-Making.
The PERK Inhibitor GSK2606414 Enhances Reovirus Infection in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma via an ATF4-Dependent Mechanism.
Effects of continuous exposure to low concentration of ClO2 gas on the growth, viability, and maintenance of undifferentiated MSCs in long-term cultures.
Evaluation of the post-treatment anti-inflammatory capacity of osteoarthritic chondrocytes: An in vitro study using baicalein.
Rapid Delivery of Nanobodies/VHHs into Living Cells via Expressing In Vitro-Transcribed mRNA.
A Rapid and Sensitive Nucleic Acid Amplification Technique for Mycoplasma Screening of Cell Therapy Products.
A DNA Vaccine That Encodes an Antigen-Presenting Cell-Specific Heterodimeric Protein Protects against Cancer and Influenza.
Detection and Characterization of Influenza B Virus With Reduced Neuraminidase Susceptibility in a Stem Cell Transplant Recipient.
The Differential Characteristics Between Severe Fever With Thrombocytopenia Syndrome and Hemorrhagic Fever With Renal Syndrome in the Endemic Regions.
Haemato-biochemical changes and prevalence of parasitic infections of indigenous chicken sold in markets of Kiambu County, Kenya.
Decision Tree-based Modelling for Identification of Predictors of Blood Loss and Transfusion Requirement After Adult Spinal Deformity Surgery.
Genome-wide annotation, comparison and functional genomics of carbohydrate-active enzymes in legumes infecting Fusarium oxysporum formae speciales.
Characterisation and antifungal activity of extracellular chitinase from a biocontrol fungus, Trichoderma asperellum PQ34.
Bioprospecting endophytic fungi from Fusarium genus as sources of bioactive metabolites.
Skeletal loading regulates breast cancer-associated osteolysis in a loading intensity-dependent fashion.
Autologous fibroblasts induce fibrosis of the nucleus pulposus to maintain the stability of degenerative intervertebral discs.
Silencing MYH9 blocks HBx-induced GSK3beta ubiquitination and degradation to inhibit tumor stemness in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Potential targeted therapy and diagnosis based on novel insight into growth factors, receptors, and downstream effectors in acute kidney injury and acute kidney injury-chronic kidney disease progression.
Modified mRNA/lipid nanoparticle-based vaccines expressing respiratory syncytial virus F protein variants are immunogenic and protective in rodent models of RSV infection.
A single dose polyanhydride-based nanovaccine against paratuberculosis infection.
Passive immunization with an extended half-life monoclonal antibody protects Rhesus macaques against aerosolized ricin toxin.
Structural and functional insight into the effect of AFF4 dimerization on activation of HIV-1 proviral transcription.
Obesity, but not overweight, is associated with plantar light touch sensation in children aged 8 to 16 years: A cross-sectional study.
Differential association between S100A4 levels and insulin resistance in prepubertal children and adult subjects with clinically severe obesity.
Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada disease during chemoimmunotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer.
ABC-type diffuse large B-cell lymphoma presenting as rotator cuff tendinopathy: A diagnostic dilemma and review of the literature.
Clear cell sarcoma of the esophagus: A rare location.
Association between neutropenia and IgG antineutrophil antibodies in a case of CD40LG deficiency due to two novel mutations.
Primary diffuse large B-cell lymphoma presenting as acute appendicitis: A report of 2 cases and a literature review.
Management of thymoma-associated pure red cell aplasia: A novel use of blood substitute HBOC-201 in a Jehovah \' s Witness.
Prosthetic rehabilitation of the geriatric oncologic rhinectomy patient utilizing a craniofacial implant-retained nasal prosthesis.
An enlarging scaly plaque localized on the previous keloid of the chest.
Recurrent severe hypophosphatemia following intravenous iron administration.
Long noncoding RNAs: new insights in modulating mammalian spermatogenesis.
A novel miR-0308-3p revealed by miRNA-seq of HBV-positive hepatocellular carcinoma suppresses cell proliferation and promotes G1/S arrest by targeting double CDK6/Cyclin D1 genes.
Insights into superoxide dismutase 3 in regulating biological and functional properties of mesenchymal stem cells.
Sodium valproate ameliorates aluminum-induced oxidative stress and apoptosis of PC12 cells.
Eupafolin ameliorates lipopolysaccharide-induced cardiomyocyte autophagy via PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway.
Protein expression changes of HCN1 and HCN2 in hippocampal subregions of gerbils during the normal aging process.
Reactive oxygen species mediate TNF-alpha-induced inflammatory response in bone marrow mesenchymal cells.
WDR7 up-regulation upon knocking down of neighboring non-coding RNA using siRNAs encapsulated in polyamidoamine dendrimers.
Akt inhibitor deguelin aggravates inflammation and fibrosis in myocarditis.
Conditioned medium obtained from human amniotic membrane-derived mesenchymal stem cell attenuates heart failure injury in rats.
Small extracellular vesicles derived from human mesenchymal stromal cells prevent group 2 innate lymphoid cell-dominant allergic airway inflammation through delivery of miR-146a-5p.
Subpopulations of extracellular vesicles from human metastatic melanoma tissue identified by quantitative proteomics after optimized isolation.
Exosomes derived from HeLa cells break down vascular integrity by triggering endoplasmic reticulum stress in endothelial cells.
MIFlowCyt-EV: a framework for standardized reporting of extracellular vesicle flow cytometry experiments.
The bioenergetics of integrin-based adhesion, from single molecule dynamics to stability of macromolecular complexes.
Identification of rare variants in novel candidate genes in pulmonary atresia patients by next generation sequencing.
Landscape inferred from gene expression data governs pluripotency in embryonic stem cells.
Polyarteritis Nodosa: an unusual case of paraneoplastic process in renal cell carcinoma.
Characteristics of pneumonia with negative chest radiography in cases confirmed by computed tomography.
Appendicitis-mimicking presentation in fishbone induced microperforation of the distal duodenum: A case report.
Cdc42 controls secretory granules morphology in rodent salivary glands in vivo.
IgE allergy diagnostics and other relevant tests in allergy, a World Allergy Organization position paper.
Activity Anticancer n-hexane Fraction of Cyperus Rotundus l. Rhizome to Breast Cancer MCF-7 Cell Line.
Cytoprotective Activity of Ethylacetate Fraction of Picria fel-terrae Lour. Herbs.
Cytotoxic Activity of BornUSU I towards T47D Breast Cancer Cells.
Cell Cycle Inhibition and Apoptotic Induction of Vernonia amygdalina Del. Leaves Extract on MCF-7 Cell Line.
Cyclin D1, Caspase 9 and P53 Expressions in T47D Cell Lines after Treatment of Plectranthus amboinicus, (Lour.) Spreng. Leaves Ethanolic Extract Nanoparticles.
Ethanolic Extract of Herb Pugun Tanoh (Picria fel-terrae Lour.) Modulates TCD4+ and TCD8+ Cell Profile of Doxorubicin-Induced Immuno-Suppressed Rats.
Evaluation of Cytotoxic Activity Alkaloid Fractions of Zanthoxylum acanthopodium DC. Fruits.
Effect of Saurauia vulcani Korth. Leaves on Superoxide Dismutase, HbA1c Levels and Insulin Expression in Hyperglycemic Rats.
The Inhibitory Activity of Picria fel-terrae Lour Herbs Extract on Nitric Oxide Production toward RAW 264.7 Cells Induced by Lipopolysaccharide.
The Role of Coconut Oil to Increase Expression of MMP-9, PDGF-BB, and TGF-beta1 in NIH-3T3 Cell Line.
Curcumin Enhances Radiosensitization of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma via Mediating Regulation of Tumor Stem-like Cells by a CircRNA Network.
Actinin-4 splice variant - a complementary diagnostic and prognostic marker of pancreatic neuroendocrine neoplasms.
Inhibiting EMT, stemness and cell cycle involved in baicalin-induced growth inhibition and apoptosis in colorectal cancer cells.
FAM115C could be a novel tumor suppressor associated with prolonged survival in pancreatic cancer patients.
Preoperative evaluation of residual tumor in patients with endometrial carcinoma by using 18F-FDG PET/CT.
InvivoPen: A novel plasma source for in vivo cancer treatment.
The Correlation between EGFR Mutation Status and DNA Content of Lung Adenocarcinoma Cells in Pleural Effusion.
The role of YWHAZ in cancer: A maze of opportunities and challenges.
Therapeutic Rationale to Target Highly Expressed Aurora kinase A Conferring Poor Prognosis in Cholangiocarcinoma.
The Role of MiR-5094 as a Proliferation Suppressor during Cellular Radiation Response via Downregulating STAT5b.
High Expression of Cancer-Derived Glycosylated Immunoglobulin G Predicts Poor Prognosis in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
Lnc-SNHG16/miR-128 axis modulates malignant phenotype through WNT/beta-catenin pathway in cervical cancer cells.
Visualization of gene therapy with a liver cancer-targeted adeno-associated virus 3 vector.
B7-H3 promotes the cell cycle-mediated chemoresistance of colorectal cancer cells by regulating CDC25A.
Common genetic variants in pre-microRNAs are associated with cervical cancer susceptibility in southern Chinese women.
Apigenin and Abivertinib, a novel BTK inhibitor synergize to inhibit diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in vivo and vitro.
Circulating tumor cells as a new predictive and prognostic factor in patients with small cell lung cancer.
Cadherin 13 Inhibits Pancreatic Cancer Progression and Epithelial-mesenchymal Transition by Wnt/beta-Catenin Signaling.
Epstein barr virus encodes miRNAs to assist host immune escape.
Mesenchymal stem/stromal cells-derived IL-6 promotes nasopharyngeal carcinoma growth and resistance to cisplatin via upregulating CD73 expression.
Risk factors of acquired T790M mutation in patients with epidermal growth factor receptor-mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Macrovascular Endothelial Cells Enhance the Motility of Liver Cancer Cells by Up-regulation of MMP-3, Activation of Integrin/FAK Signaling Pathway and Induction of Non-classical Epithelial-mesenchymal Transition.
MRPS16 facilitates tumor progression via the PI3K/AKT/Snail signaling axis.
The combination of PKM2 overexpression and M2 macrophages infiltration confers a poor prognosis for PDAC patients.
Glypican-3: A New Target for Diagnosis and Treatment of Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Biomarker testing for personalized, first-line therapy in advanced nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer patients in the real world setting in Japan: a retrospective, multicenter, observational study (the BRAVE study).
Epigenetic aberrations in natural killer/T-cell lymphoma: diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic implications.
Protein-based biorefining driven by nitrogen-responsive transcriptional machinery.
Biochar-mediated enhanced ethanol fermentation (BMEEF) in Zymomonas mobilis under furfural and acetic acid stress.
IGFBP5 increases cell invasion and inhibits cell proliferation by EMT and Akt signaling pathway in Glioblastoma multiforme cells.
Immunoglobulin heavy variable (IgHV) gene mutation and micro-RNA expression in Burkitt \' s lymphoma at Moi Teaching and Referral Hospital in Western Kenya.
Knowledge about modifiable risk factors for non-communicable diseases adults living with HIV in Rwanda.
Impact of parity and gestational age of mothers with hypertension on birth weight, red blood cells and mode of delivery of their babies.
Impact of aerobic exercise versus resisted exercise on endothelial activation markers and inflammatory cytokines among elderly.
Tear electrolyte assessment of diabetic patients in Southern Nigeria.
Serum levels of copper, zinc and disease severity scores in sickle cell disease patients in Benin City, Nigeria.
ABCB1 variants C3435T and T129C are not associated with colorectal cancer risk.
Treatment outcome of Philadelphia chromosome negative myeloproliferative neoplasms: experience of a single developing country \' s hematology-oncology centre.
Comparison between plasma neopterin and the urine neopterin:creatinine ratio as inflammatory biomarkers.
New Insights Into Chromomere Organization Provided by Lampbrush Chromosome Microdissection and High-Throughput Sequencing.
An Integrated Analysis of mRNA and lncRNA Expression Profiles Indicates Their Potential Contribution to Brown Fat Dysfunction With Aging.
MiR-142-5p Protects Against 6-OHDA-Induced SH-SY5Y Cell Injury by Downregulating BECN1 and Autophagy.
The different expression of glycogen phosphorylases in renal clear cell renal carcinoma and chromophobe renal carcinoma.
Isolation, purification and characterization of naturally derived Crocetin beta-d-glucosyl ester from Crocus sativus L. against breast cancer and its binding chemistry with ER-alpha/HDAC2.
Mechanisms of transformation of nicotinamide mononucleotides to cerebral infarction hemorrhage based on MCAO model.
In vitro cytotoxicity and pro-apoptotic activity of phycocyanin nanoparticles from Ulva lactuca (Chlorophyta) algae.
Attenuated measles vaccine strain have potent oncolytic activity against Iraqi patient derived breast cancer cell line.
Effects of Notch/p38MAPK signaling pathway on articular cartilage defect recovery by BMSCs tissue based on the rabbit articular cartilage defect models.
Bioaccumulation of lead nitrate in tissues and its effects on hematological and biochemical parameters of Clarias gariepinus.
Anti-toxoplasma, antioxidant and cytotoxic activities of Pleopeltis crassinervata (Fee) T. Moore hexane fraction.
A biological active artificial saliva formulation containing flower mucilage from Ceylon Spinach (Basella alba Linn.).
Author Correction: A computationally designed chimeric antigen receptor provides a small-molecule safety switch for T-cell therapy.
Sensing of tubular flow and renal electrolyte transport.
Insulin-PI3K signalling: an evolutionarily insulated metabolic driver of cancer.
First structural insights into CRISPR-Cas-guided DNA transposition.
Tau intricacies in disease.
Double boost for cancer cell therapy.
Deleting key autophagy elongation proteins induces acquirement of tumor-associated phenotypes via ISG15.
Plerixafor combined with standard regimens for hematopoietic stem cell mobilization in pediatric patients with solid tumors eligible for autologous transplants: two-arm phase I/II study (MOZAIC).
Comparison of the effects of 1/10,000 and 1/100,000 concentrations of intracameral epinephrine on corneal endothelium and macular thickness after uncomplicated phacoemulsification.
Particulate mediators of the bystander effect linked to suicide and interferon-beta transgene expression in melanoma cells.
Alterations of T-cell-mediated immunity in acute myeloid leukemia.
The CUL4B-miR-372/373-PIK3CA-AKT axis regulates metastasis in bladder cancer.
Comprehensive diagnostics of acute myeloid leukemia by whole transcriptome RNA sequencing.
Pharmacological activation of nitric oxide signaling promotes human hematopoietic stem cell homing and engraftment.
Comprehensive genomic characterization of gene therapy-induced T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Correction: Role of growth arrest-specific gene 6-mer axis in multiple myeloma.
pH-responsive high stability polymeric nanoparticles for targeted delivery of anticancer therapeutics.
Igf2bp3 maintains maternal RNA stability and ensures early embryo development in zebrafish.
Epigenetic silencing of heat shock protein 70 through DNA hypermethylation in pseudoexfoliation syndrome and glaucoma.
Functional Consequences of PDK4 Deficiency in Doberman Pinscher Fibroblasts.
Agreement between PDL1 immunohistochemistry assays and polymerase chain reaction in non-small cell lung cancer: CLOVER comparison study.
Identification of a combination of transcription factors that synergistically increases endothelial cell barrier resistance.
High-Dose Melatonin and Ethanol Excipient Combined with Therapeutic Hypothermia in a Newborn Piglet Asphyxia Model.
Gene regulatory network analysis with drug sensitivity reveals synergistic effects of combinatory chemotherapy in gastric cancer.
CTLA-4 blockade boosts the expansion of tumor-reactive CD8+ tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in ovarian cancer.
Author Correction: Proteomic and Transcriptomic Changes in Hibernating Grizzly Bears Reveal Metabolic and Signaling Pathways that Protect against Muscle Atrophy.
Neural maturation enhanced by exercise-induced extracellular derivatives.
G-protein signaling is required for increasing germline stem cell division frequency in response to mating in Drosophila males.
Author Correction: Chronic IL-1beta-induced inflammation regulates epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition memory phenotypes via epigenetic modifications in non-small cell lung cancer.
Novel roles of PRK1 and PRK2 in cilia and cancer biology.
Micromonospora zhangzhouensis sp. nov., a Novel Actinobacterium Isolated from Mangrove Soil, Exerts a Cytotoxic Activity in vitro.
HIF1 driven transcriptional activity regulates steroidogenesis and proliferation of bovine granulosa cells.
Dual dynamics of mitochondrial permeability transition pore opening.
Immunogenicity of rat-neu+ mouse mammary tumours determines the T cell-dependent therapeutic efficacy of anti-neu monoclonal antibody treatment.
Recombinant collagenase from Grimontia hollisae as a tissue dissociation enzyme for isolating primary cells.
Structure and mechanism of a redesigned multidrug transporter from the Major Facilitator Superfamily.
Development of genetic quality tests for good manufacturing practice-compliant induced pluripotent stem cells and their derivatives.
YY1lo NKT cells are dedicated IL-10 producers.
Mathematical model of broadly reactive plasma cell production.
Generation of a conditional Flpo/FRT mouse model expressing constitutively active TGFbeta in fibroblasts.
Transcriptomic evidence that von Economo neurons are regionally specialized extratelencephalic-projecting excitatory neurons.
Embracing the dropouts in single-cell RNA-seq analysis.
B cells control lupus autoimmunity by inhibiting Th17 and promoting Th22 cells.
Retinal ganglion cell loss in kinesin-1 cargo Alcadein alpha deficient mice.
MYC-regulated pseudogene HMGA1P6 promotes ovarian cancer malignancy via augmenting the oncogenic HMGA1/2.
Inferior outcome of allogeneic stem cell transplantation for secondary acute myeloid leukemia in first complete remission as compared to de novo acute myeloid leukemia.
Hypoxia-induced lncRNA PDIA3P1 promotes mesenchymal transition via sponging of miR-124-3p in glioma.
Correction: Frataxin deficiency induces lipid accumulation and affects thermogenesis in brown adipose tissue.
FGF9 and FGF10 activate distinct signaling pathways to direct lung epithelial specification and branching.
Blocking EGFR palmitoylation suppresses PI3K signaling and mutant KRAS lung tumorigenesis.
Fingolimod rescues demyelination in a mouse model of Krabbe \' s disease.
Commutative Properties of Head Direction Cells During Locomotion in 3D: Are All Routes Equal?
An improved Boosting to Amplify Signal with Isobaric Labeling (iBASIL) strategy for precise quantitative single-cell proteomics.
Plasmodium chaperonin TRiC/CCT identified as a target of the antihistamine clemastine using parallel chemoproteomic strategy.
The functional activity of E-cadherin controls tumor cell metastasis at multiple steps.
Regulation of B cell receptor-dependent NF-kappaB signaling by the tumor suppressor KLHL14.
Anti-KIT DNA Aptamer for Targeted Labeling of Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor.
Identification of ALDH1A3 as a viable therapeutic target in breast cancer metastasis-initiating cells.
Genomics, morphoproteomics, and treatment patterns of alveolar soft part sarcoma patients and response to multiple experimental therapies.
SLFN11 expression in advanced prostate cancer and response to platinum-based chemotherapy.
CDK9 Blockade Exploits Context-Dependent Transcriptional Changes to Improve Activity and Limit Toxicity of Mithramycin for Ewing Sarcoma.
The HIV-1 Accessory Protein Vpu Downregulates Peroxisome Biogenesis.
Obesity-Related Microenvironment Promotes Emergence of Virulent Influenza Virus Strains.
Peptidoglycan Hydrolases RipA and Ami1 Are Critical for Replication and Persistence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in the Host.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis Reactivates HIV-1 via Exosome-Mediated Resetting of Cellular Redox Potential and Bioenergetics.
Parallel Genomics Uncover Novel Enterococcal-Bacteriophage Interactions.
Robustness in an Ultrasensitive Motor.
Repurposed Drugs That Block the Gonococcus-Complement Receptor 3 Interaction Can Prevent and Cure Gonococcal Infection of Primary Human Cervical Epithelial Cells.
Bacterial Transformation Buffers Environmental Fluctuations through the Reversible Integration of Mobile Genetic Elements.
Direct Observation of the Dynamics of Single-Cell Metabolic Activity during Microbial Diauxic Growth.
Host Mucin Is Exploited by Pseudomonas aeruginosa To Provide Monosaccharides Required for a Successful Infection.
Defining Stage-Specific Activity of Potent New Inhibitors of Cryptosporidium parvum Growth In Vitro.
Heterosubtypic Protection Induced by a Live Attenuated Influenza Virus Vaccine Expressing Galactose-alpha-1,3-Galactose Epitopes in Infected Cells.
Severe megaloblastic anemia: Vitamin deficiency and other causes.
Systematic Localization of Escherichia coli Membrane Proteins.
Analysis of Hi-C data using SIP effectively identifies loops in organisms from C. elegans to mammals.
RETrace: simultaneous retrospective lineage tracing and methylation profiling of single cells.
Genome-wide integrative analysis of circular RNA dysregulation and the corresponding circular RNA-microRNA-mRNA regulatory axes in autism.
Dnmt3a and Dnmt3b-Decommissioned Fetal Enhancers are Linked to Kidney Disease.
Accumulation of Globotriaosylceramide in Podocytes in Fabry Nephropathy Is Associated with Progressive Podocyte Loss.
TBK1 Activation by VHL Loss in Renal Cell Carcinoma: A Novel HIF-Independent Vulnerability.
Regulatory T Cells Keep Pancreatic Cancer at Bay.
Unraveling the Architecture of Classic Hodgkin Lymphoma One Cell at a Time.
Development of cGAMP-Luc, a sensitive and precise coupled enzyme assay to measure cGAMP in complex biological samples.
An RNA aptamer with potent affinity for a toxic dimer of amyloid beta42 has potential utility for histochemical studies of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Patient-reported outcomes from the phase 3 randomized IMmotion151 trial: atezolizumab + bevacizumab vs sunitinib in treatment-naive metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Dissecting the tumor-immune landscape in chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy: key challenges and opportunities for a systems immunology approach.
Periostin and Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition Score as Novel Prognostic Markers for Leiomyosarcoma, Myxofibrosarcoma and Undifferentiated Pleomorphic Sarcoma.
Interferon-induced IDO1 mediates radiation resistance and is a therapeutic target in colorectal cancer.
Deciphering the immunomodulatory capacity of oncolytic vaccinia virus to enhance the immune response to breast cancer.
Intratumoral Delivery of a PD-1-blocking scFv encoded in Oncolytic HSV-1 Promotes Antitumor Immunity and Synergizes with TIGIT Blockade.
Proximity dependent biotinylation: key enzymes and adaptation to proteomics approaches.
Muscleblind-like 2 controls the hypoxia response of cancer cells.
ATM Loss Confers Greater Sensitivity to ATR Inhibition than PARP Inhibition in Prostate Cancer.
Risk SNP-mediated enhancer-promoter interaction drives colorectal cancer through both FADS2 and AP002754.2.
Targeting the E3 Ubiquitin Ligase PJA1 Enhances Tumor-Suppressing TGF-beta Signaling.
Melanoma-secreted lysosomes trigger monocyte-derived dendritic cell apoptosis and limit cancer immunotherapy.
Military medical response of the French gendarmerie to terrorist events.
Stereotactic Body Radiotherapy for Stage I Renal Cell Carcinoma: National Treatment Trends and Outcomes Compared to Partial Nephrectomy and Thermal Ablation.
Role of Estrogen in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of Clinical and Preclinical Data.
Activation of apoptosis by Salmonella pathogenicity island-1 effectors through both intrinsic and extrinsic pathways in Salmonella-infected macrophages.
Predisposing and Precipitating Factors Associated With Postoperative Delirium in Patients Undergoing Cardiac Surgery at a Veterans Affairs Medical Center: A Pilot Retrospective Analysis.
Novel class of benzimidazole-thiazole hybrids: The privileged scaffolds of potent anti-inflammatory activity with dual inhibition of cyclooxygenase and 15-lipoxygenase enzymes.
Synthesis and in-vitro anti-cancer evaluations of multi-methoxylated asymmetrical diarylpentanoids as intrinsic apoptosis inducer against colorectal cancer.
Bone Marrow Stromal Cell Transplantation Drives Molecular Switch from Autophagy to the Ubiquitin-Proteasome System in Ischemic Stroke Mice.
The clinical outcomes of undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma (UPS): A single-centre experience of two decades with the assessment of PD-L1 expressions.
Bone lesions in systemic mastocytosis: Bone histomorphometry and histopathological mechanisms.
Cell density, Lipidomic profile, and fatty acid characterization as selection criteria in bioprospecting of microalgae and cyanobacterium for biodiesel production.
The immunologic dominance of an epitope within a rationally designed poly-epitope vaccine is influenced by multiple factors.
Role of various cell types on asthma symptomology.
A Novel Oncogenic RET Fusion Variant in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: RELCH-RET.
Is Darbepoietin Alfa Linked to Mortality During Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Chemotherapy?
Neuropeptide Y is involved in the regulation of quiescence of hematopoietic stem cells.
Upregulation of IL-4 signaling contributes to aerobic exercise-induced insulin sensitivity.
Several critical genes and microRNAs associated with the development of polycystic ovary syndrome.
Prenatal diagnosis of mosaicism for a distal 5p deletion in a single colony at amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome and a review of mosaic distal 5p deletion.
Prenatal diagnosis of mosaicism for trisomy 11 in a single colony at amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome.
Prenatal diagnosis of low-level mosaic trisomy 20 by amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome.
Monozygotic twins discordant for low-level mosaic trisomy 17 at amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome and a literature review of heterokaryotypic monozygotic twins at amniocentesis.
Prenatal diagnosis of low-level mosaic trisomy 17 with maternal uniparental disomy 17 by amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome.
Protective effect of alpha lipoic acid on 4-vinylcyclohexene diepoxide induced primary ovarian failure in female rats.
Risk factors for endometriotic-cyst associated ovarian cancer: A case controlled study.
The inhibition of reactive oxygen species (ROS) by antioxidants inhibits the release of an autophagy marker in ectopic endometrial cells.
Astragalus polysaccharides and astragaloside IV ameliorates cyclophosphamide-induced mouse model of overactive bladder.
Impact of additional risk factors on the incidence of preterm delivery among pregnant women diagnosed with short cervix.
Quantification of neutrophil and monocyte CD64 expression: a predictive biomarker for active tuberculosis.
Patients \'  quality of life: Validation of the functional assessment of cancer therapy-bone marrow transplant (FACT-BMT) instrument for the Mexican population.
Homocysteine, the MTHFR 677C&gt;T polymorphism and hypertension: effect modifiers by lifestyle factors and population subgroups.
Design and expression of polytopic construct of cathepsin-L1, SAP-2 and FhTP16.5 proteins of Fasciola hepatica.
Prevention of multiple system atrophy using human bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells by reducing polyamine and cholesterol-induced neural damages.
Salvage therapy for progressive, treatment-refractory or recurrent pediatric medulloblastoma: a systematic review protocol.
Receptor autoimmunity: diagnostic and therapeutic implications.
Standardized GMP-compliant scalable production of human pancreas organoids.
Disruption of histamine/H1R signaling pathway represses cardiac differentiation and maturation of human induced pluripotent stem cells.
Anti-domain 1 beta2 glycoprotein antibodies increase expression of tissue factor on monocytes and activate NK Cells and CD8+ cells in vitro.
Twenty years of research on the DFS70/LEDGF autoantibody-autoantigen system: many lessons learned but still many questions.
Mesenchymal stem cell-derived exosomes protect beta cells against hypoxia-induced apoptosis via miR-21 by alleviating ER stress and inhibiting p38 MAPK phosphorylation.
The challenge of developing human 3D organoids into medicines.
Analysis of multi-lineage gene expression dynamics during primordial germ cell induction from human induced pluripotent stem cells.
XIST promotes cell proliferation and invasion by regulating miR-140-5p and SOX4 in retinoblastoma.
Rapid cognitive decline in a patient with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia: a case report.
Pathological modeling of TBEV infection reveals differential innate immune responses in human neurons and astrocytes that correlate with their susceptibility to infection.
NanoVar: accurate characterization of patients \'  genomic structural variants using low-depth nanopore sequencing.
Chitinase 3 like 1 suppresses the stability and activity of p53 to promote lung tumorigenesis.
miR-544 promotes maturity and antioxidation of stem cell-derived endothelial like cells by regulating the YY1/TET2 signalling axis.
Tsukushi is essential for the development of the inner ear.
Fibromatosis-like metaplastic carcinoma: a case report and review of the literature.
Sinomenine inhibits amyloid beta-induced astrocyte activation and protects neurons against indirect toxicity.
CDK1 and CDC20 overexpression in patients with colorectal cancer are associated with poor prognosis: evidence from integrated bioinformatics analysis.
Silence of miR-32-5p promotes endothelial cell viability by targeting KLF2 and serves as a diagnostic biomarker of acute myocardial infarction.
Accurate targeted long-read DNA methylation and hydroxymethylation sequencing with TAPS.
Beta-catenin inhibits bovine parainfluenza virus type 3 replication via innate immunity pathway.
MIR22HG acts as a tumor suppressor via TGFbeta/SMAD signaling and facilitates immunotherapy in colorectal cancer.
Verification of EZH2 as a druggable target in metastatic uveal melanoma.
Curcumin, demethoxycurcumin, and bisdemethoxycurcumin induced caspase-dependent and -independent apoptosis via Smad or Akt signaling pathways in HOS cells.
Safety and efficacy of a standardized intracameral combination of mydriatics and anesthetic for cataract surgery in type-2 diabetic patients.
Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis resulting from a cytokine storm triggered by septicemia in a child with chronic granuloma disease: a case report and literature review.
Modelling the effect of subcellular mutations on the migration of cells in the colorectal crypt.
Intractable mechanical hemolytic anemia complicating mitral valve surgery: a case series study.
Intracellular competition for nitrogen controls dinoflagellate population density in corals.
Rapid and detergent-free decellularization of cartilage.
5-alkylvinyl-1,2,4-triazole nucleosides: Synthesis and biological evaluation.
Synthesis of new uracil derivatives and their sugar hydrazones with potent antimicrobial, antioxidant and anticancer activities.
Statin treatment of patients with calcific aortic valve disease modulates extracellular adenosine metabolism on the cell surface of the aortic valve.
Elevation of microRNA-512-5p inhibits MUC1 to reduce radioresistance in cervical cancer.
The cell-permeable mitochondrial calcium uniporter inhibitor Ru265 preserves cortical neuron respiration after lethal oxygen glucose deprivation and reduces hypoxic/ischemic brain injury.
Diet-Derived Gallated Catechins Prevent TGF-beta-Mediated Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition, Cell Migration and Vasculogenic Mimicry in Chemosensitive ES-2 Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Decreased Tongue Volume Post Radiation.
Variable Presentation of Hereditary Spherocytosis in an Iranian Family.
Visualization of Lipid Droplets in Living Cells and Fatty Livers of Mice Based on the Fluorescence of pi-Extended Coumarin Using Fluorescence Lifetime Imaging Microscopy.
Size Effect of Two Dimension Conjugated Space in Photovoltaic Polymers \'  Side-chain: Balancing Phase Separation and Charge Transport.
Rational Modulation of the Luminescence of Upconversion Nanomaterials with Phycocyanin for the Sensing and Imaging of Myeloperoxidase during an Inflammatory Process.
Gene variant profiles and tumor metabolic activity as measured by FOXM1 expression and glucose uptake in lung adenocarcinoma.
Gastric IgG4-related disease presenting as a mass lesion and masquerading as a gastrointestinal stromal tumor.
Small Molecule Inhibitors of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Fusion by Targeting Cavities on Heptad Repeat Trimers.
Development of an Organic-Inorganic Nanostructured Hybrid Dental Biocomposite.
Porous Monolithic Electrode of Ni3FeN on 3D Graphene for Efficient Oxygen Evolution.
Investigation of Alpha-Fetoprotein Antibody Modified Fluorescent Magnetic Probe on HepG2 Cell and Cancer Model Mouse.
Design on a Novel Titanium Dioxide Irregularly Distributed Bragg Reflector for Thin Film Silicon Solar Cells.
Free-Standing Sulfur-Carbon Nanotube Electrode with a Deposited Sulfur Layer for High-Energy Lithium-Sulfur Batteries.
Synthesis and Characterization of Carboxymethyl Chitosan Scaffolds Grafted with Waterborne Polyurethane.
Carbon Nanotube-Based Sulfur Cathode with a Mesoporous Carbon-Silica Composite for Long Cycle Life Li-S Batteries.
Three-Layer Sulfur Cathode with a Conductive Material-Free Middle Layer.
A Sulfur-Infused Separator for Boosting Areal Capacity of Li-S Batteries.
Antibacterial Effect of Silver Nanomaterials on Staphylococcal Protein A by Molecular Dynamics Simulation.
Theoretical Analysis of Prospects of Organic Photovoltaics as a Multi-Functional Solar Cell and Laser Power Converter for Wireless Power Transfer.
Advanced Sulfonated Poly(Ether Ether Ketone)/Graphene-Oxide/Titanium Dioxide Nanoparticle Composited Membrane with Superior Cyclability for Vanadium Redox Flow Battery.
Improved Performance of Ge Solar Cell Using Graphene Quantum Dots.
Preparation of Waterborne Polyurethane-Based Macroporous Sponges as Wound Dressings.
Holoprosencephaly Overview
Genetics of Kidney Cancer (Renal Cell Cancer) (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Oral Cavity and Oropharyngeal Cancer Prevention (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Childhood Soft Tissue Sarcoma Treatment (PDQ ): Patient Version
Oral Cavity and Oropharyngeal Cancer Screening (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis Treatment (PDQ ): Patient Version
Flap reconstruction of soft tissue defect after resecting a huge hemangioma of the nose.
A spindle cell squamous cell carcinoma on the cheek presenting with in-transit metastases and a satellite lesion.
Yangambin and Epi-yangambin Isomers: New Purification Method from Ocotea fasciculata and First Cytotoxic Aspects Focusing on In Vivo Safety.
Inverse Relationship between Plasma Tumor Necrosis Factor-Like Weak Inducer of Apoptosis and Carotid Intima-Media Thickness among Patients Undergoing Hemodialysis and Peritoneal Dialysis.
A Preterm Infant with Multiple Anomalies Diagnosed with Atypical CHARGE Syndrome after a Novel CHD7 Variant Confirmed Using Whole-Genome Sequencing.
Interleukin-1beta-Induced Senescence Promotes Osteoblastic Transition of Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells.
Elevated Serum Tryptase in Non-Anaphylaxis Cases: A Concise Review.
Activin A Expressed in Rheumatoid Synovial Cells Downregulates TNFalpha-Induced CXCL10 Expression and Osteoclastogenesis.
A novel cholchicine/gadolinium-loading tubulin self-assembly nanocarrier for MR imaging and chemotherapy of glioma.
Magnetic anisotropy and Curie temperature of two-dimensional VI&lt;sub&gt;3&lt;/sub&gt; monolayer.
The role of active surveillance and cytoreductive nephrectomy in metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Necrotizing fungal osteomyelitis and fingolimod, 4 years after treatment with fingolimod.
The upregulation of miR-98-5p affects the glycosylation of IgA1 through cytokines in IgA nephropathy.
Pretreatment of nafithromycin attenuates inflammatory response in murine lipopolysaccharide induced acute lung injury.
Preventive effect of Lactobacillus reuteri on melanoma.
Two main mutational processes operate in the absence of DNA mismatch repair.
Nectandra cuspidata fraction and the isolated polyphenols protect fibroblasts and hairless mice skin from UVB-induced inflammation and oxidative stress.
Acacetin enhances glucose uptake through insulin-independent GLUT4 translocation in L6 myotubes.
Rapid detection of biodegradable organic matter in polluted water with microbial fuel cell sensor: Method of partial coulombic yield.
Long-term bio-power of ceramic microbial fuel cells in individual and stacked configurations.
The impact of PUFA on cell responses: Caution should be exercised when selecting PUFA concentrations in cell culture.
Effects of starchy seed crystals on the retrogradation of rice starch.
Understanding retention and metabolization of aroma compounds using an in vitro model of oral mucosa.
Determination of acidity constants for weak acids and bases by isothermal titration calorimetry.
Synergizing systemic responses by combining immunotherapy with radiotherapy in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer: The potential of the abscopal effect.
Structural basis and designing of peptide vaccine using PE-PGRS family protein of Mycobacterium ulcerans-An integrated vaccinomics approach.
Effects of aerosol pollution on PM2.5-associated bacteria in typical inland and coastal cities of northern China during the winter heating season.
Application of mesenchymal stem cell for tympanic membrane regeneration by tissue engineering approach.
Antimicrobial use for treatment of clinical mastitis in dairy herds from Brazil and its association with herd-level descriptors.
Structural elucidation and anti-neuroinflammatory activities of lignans from the testas of Vernicia montana.
Development of a near infrared protein nanoprobe targeting Thomsen-Friedenreich antigen for intraoperative detection of submillimeter nodules in an ovarian peritoneal carcinomatosis mouse model.
3, 3 \' , 5-Triiodo-L-thyronine affects polarity proteins of bovine Sertoli cells via WT1/non-canonical Wnt signaling pathway.
Administration of nerve growth factor-beta to heifers with a pre-ovulatory follicle enhanced luteal formation and function and promoted LH release.
Aberrant DNA and histone methylation during zygotic genome activation in goat cloned embryos.
Blood collection from dairy calves at exsanguination post-slaughter yields similar biochemical and packed cell volume measurements compared with in vivo collection during lairage.
Human amniotic fluid-based exposure levels of phthalates and bisphenol A mixture reduce INSL3/RXFP2 signaling.
Development of feline embryos produced using freeze-dried sperm.
The effects of laserpuncture on gonadal maturity and sperm quality of male striped catfish (Pangasianodon hypophthalmus).
Functions of acetylcholine-producing lymphocytes in immunobiology.
A novel approach to a controlled opening of liposomes.
pH-Sensitive chitosan-tripolyphosphate nanoparticles increase doxorubicin-induced growth inhibition of cervical HeLa tumor cells by apoptosis and cell cycle modulation.
Construction of selenium-embedded mesoporous silica with improved antibacterial activity.
An all carbon dye sensitized solar cell: A sustainable and low-cost design for metal free wearable solar cell devices.
Water-in-oil microcompartments for the study of biomimetic drug metabolism.
Ex-situ nitrogen-doped porous carbons as electrode materials for high performance supercapacitor.
A review and perspective of recent research in biological treatment applied in removal of chlorinated volatile organic compounds from waste air.
Incontinentia pigmenti: Generation of an IKBKG deficient human iPSC line (KICRi002-A-1) on a 46,XY background using CRISPR/Cas9.
Urine metabolomic analysis in clear cell and papillary renal cell carcinoma: A pilot study.
Statins reduce vascular inflammation in atherogenesis: a review of underlying molecular mechanisms.
miR-99a in bone homeostasis: Regulating osteogenic lineage commitment and osteoclast differentiation.
Poly(N-isopropylacrylamide)-based Dual-Crosslinking Biohybrid Injectable Hydrogels for Vascularization.
ROS induced bactericidal activity of amorphous Zn-doped titanium oxide coatings and enhanced osseointegration in bacteria-infected rat tibias.
Photodynamic therapy in combination with surgery for the treatment of an extensive squamous cell carcinoma in situ - a case report.
gga-miR-27b-3p Enhances Type I Interferon Expression and Suppresses Infectious Bursal Disease Virus Replication via Targeting Cellular Suppressors of Cytokine Signaling 3 and 6 (SOCS3 and 6).
Immuno-moodulin: a new anxiogenic factor produced by Annexin-A1 transgenic autoimmune-prone T cells.
Suppression of long chain acyl-CoA synthetase blocks intracellular fatty acid flux and glucose uptake in skeletal myotubes.
Promotion of plasmalogen biosynthesis reverse lipid changes in a Barth Syndrome cell model.
Prenatal Exposure to a Phthalate Mixture Leads to Multigenerational and Transgenerational Effects on Uterine Morphology and Function in Mice.
The gut anti-complement activity of Aedes aegypti: investigating new ways to control the major human arboviruses vector in the Americas.
Heterogeneous Expression of the Ammonium Transporter AgAmt in Chemosensory Appendages of the Malaria Vector, Anopheles gambiae.
A Highly Efficient Method for Single-Cell Electroporation in Mouse Organotypic Hippocampal Slice Culture.
Therapeutic potential of blood flow mimetic compounds in preventing endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis.
Protective effects of lycopene in cancer, cardiovascular, and neurodegenerative diseases: An update on epidemiological and mechanistic perspectives.
Chemical hypoxia induces pro-inflammatory signals in fat-laden hepatocytes and contributes to cellular crosstalk with Kupffer cells through extracellular vesicles.
A phase II trial of chemoradiotherapy using weekly docetaxel for high-risk postoperative oral squamous cell carcinoma patients.
ALS skin fibroblasts reveal oxidative stress and ERK1/2-mediated cytoplasmic localization of TDP-43.
Automated cryo-lamella preparation for high-throughput in-situ structural biology.
Comparing the efficiency of different Escherichia coli strains in producing recombinant capsid protein of porcine circovirus type 2.
Metastasis-associated protein 1-mediated antitumor and anticancer activity of dietary stilbenes for prostate cancer chemoprevention and therapy.
Xenophagy in cancer.
Multi-scale approaches for the simulation of cardiac electrophysiology: I - sub-cellular and stochastic calcium dynamics from cell to organ.
Relevance of autophagy markers to cytotoxicity of zinc compounds in macrophages.
Copy number variation of CADM2 gene revealed its association with growth traits across Chinese Capra hircus (goat) populations.
Active targeted ligand-aza-bodipy conjugate for near-infrared photodynamic therapy in melanoma.
Protein assembled nano-vehicle entrapping photosensitizer molecules for efficient lung carcinoma therapy.
Evidence of virus-responsive pathways in response to poly I: C challenge in a muscle cell line derived from large yellow croaker.
Gene expressing human artificial chromosome vectors: Advantages and challenges for gene therapy.
The role of lamin B receptor in the regulation of senescence-associated secretory phenotype (SASP).
Apatinib exhibits cytotoxicity toward leukemia cells by targeting VEGFR2-mediated prosurvival signaling and angiogenesis.
Targeting of the apical junctional complex by bacterial pathogens.
HPLC reveals novel features of nucleoside and nucleobase homeostasis, nucleoside metabolism and nucleoside transport.
Mechanisms of Co, Ni, and Mn toxicity: From exposure and homeostasis to their interactions with and impact on lipids and biomembranes.
Selective anticancer activity of synthetic peptides derived from the host defence peptide tritrpticin.
Enhancing the membrane activity of Piscidin 1 through peptide metallation and the presence of oxidized lipid species: Implications for the unification of host defense mechanisms at lipid membranes.
Novel fatty acid-binding protein 3 ligand inhibits dopaminergic neuronal death and improves motor and cognitive impairments in Parkinson \' s disease model mice.
Synthesis of biocompatible Triazole based non-ionic surfactant and its vesicular drug delivery investigation.
In-straw warming protocol improves survival of vitrified embryos and allows direct transfer in cattle.
Benzyl isothiocyanate ameliorates high-fat/cholesterol/cholic acid diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis through inhibiting cholesterol crystal-activated NLRP3 inflammasome in Kupffer cells.
Structures of Galpha Proteins in Complex with Their Chaperone Reveal Quality Control Mechanisms.
FBXL5 Regulates IRP2 Stability in Iron Homeostasis via an Oxygen-Responsive [2Fe2S] Cluster.
Silk fibroin/sericin 3D sponges: The effect of sericin on structural and biological properties of fibroin.
Characterization and antitumor activities of polysaccharides obtained from ginger (Zingiber officinale) by different extraction methods.
Intraperitoneal administration of biocompatible hyaluronic acid hydrogel containing multi-chemotherapeutic agents for treatment of colorectal peritoneal carcinomatosis.
Vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein suppresses nuclear factor kappa-B- and mitogen-activated protein kinase-mediated pro-inflammatory responses dependent on sialic acids.
Microstructure and crystallography of the wall plates of the giant barnacle Austromegabalanus psittacus: a material organized by crystal growth.
Practical parameter identifiability for spatio-temporal models of cell invasion.
Evaluation of the Effect of Chronic 94 GHz Exposure on Gene Expression in the Skin of Hairless Rats In Vivo.
Long-term Production of Glycogen and Hepatic-Derived, Cell-Invasion-Promoting Chemokines by Ultrasound-Driven Hepatic-Differentiated Human Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Primary Atopic Disorders.
Synthesis of Potent Cytotoxic Epidithiodiketopiperazines Designed for Derivatization.
Hypericin: Single Molecule Spectroscopy of an Active Natural Drug.
Elucidating the Extraordinary Rate and Cycling Performance of Phenanthrenequinone in Aluminum Complex-Ion Batteries.
Macrophage-derived MMP-9 enhances the progression of atherosclerotic lesions and vascular calcification in transgenic rabbits.
Inhibition of PLK4 might enhance the anti-tumour effect of bortezomib on glioblastoma via PTEN/PI3K/AKT/mTOR signalling pathway.
METTL3/YTHDF2 m6 A axis promotes tumorigenesis by degrading SETD7 and KLF4 mRNAs in bladder cancer.
Osthole-loaded N-octyl-O-sulfonyl chitosan micelles (NSC-OST) inhibits RANKL-induced osteoclastogenesis and prevents ovariectomy-induced bone loss in rats.
Integrative analysis of the genomic and transcriptomic landscape of double-refractory multiple myeloma.
Molecular pathogenesis of progression to myeloid leukemia from TET-insufficient status.
Copanlisib synergizes with conventional and targeted agents including venetoclax in B- and T-cell lymphoma models.
Rituximab/bendamustine and rituximab/cytarabine induction therapy for transplant-eligible mantle cell lymphoma.
Microglia in Alzheimer \' s disease: Local heroes!
RNF90 negatively regulates cellular antiviral responses by targeting MITA for degradation.
Pre-/analytical factors affecting whole blood and plasma glucose concentrations in loggerhead sea turtles (Caretta caretta).
Hypothermia but not NMDA receptor antagonism protects against stroke induced by distal middle cerebral arterial occlusion in mice.
A G protein-coupled receptor mediates neuropeptide-induced oocyte maturation in the jellyfish Clytia.
Fly-QMA: Automated analysis of mosaic imaginal discs in Drosophila.
Integrative proteomic and glycoproteomic profiling of Mycobacterium tuberculosis culture filtrate.
Very long-term rate of posterior laser capsulotomy and corneal endothelial cell loss after phacoemulsification.
Optic capture after intrascleral haptic fixation.
Medical management and visual rehabilitation of limbal niche dysfunction.
Transient effect of suction on the retinal neurovasculature in myopic patients after small-incision lenticule extraction.
Safety of intracameral moxifloxacin in the pediatric population: an equivalence study.
Safety and efficacy of a small-aperture capsular bag-fixated intraocular lens in eyes with severe corneal irregularities.
Discovery and validation of the prognostic value of the lncRNAs encoding snoRNAs in patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Insights into the neuropathology of cerebral ischemia and its mechanisms.
Tumour shape-dependent microwave hyperthermia using a novel coaxial micro-cut slot antenna.
Dietary sodium butyrate ameliorated the blood stress biomarkers, heat shock proteins, and immune response of Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) exposed to heat stress.
A phase II clinical trial of the Safety Of Simvastatin (SOS) in patients with pulmonary lymphangioleiomyomatosis and with tuberous sclerosis complex.
Delivery of antibacterial silver nanoclusters to Pseudomonas aeruginosa using species-specific DNA aptamers.
Shorter Telomere Length in Peripheral Blood Leukocytes Is Associated with Post-Traumatic Chronic Osteomyelitis.
Longitudinal Retinal Layer Changes and Clinical Outcome in Patients with Multiple Evanescent White Dot Syndrome.
Genomic Instability Decreases in HIV Patient by Complementary Therapy with Rosmarinus officinalis Extracts.
Naringenin Ameliorate Carbon Tetrachloride-Induced Hepatic Damage Through Inhibition of Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Autophagy in Rats.
Anaplastic lymphoma kinase inhibitors: an updated patent review (2014-2018).
Tenofovir alafenamide use in pregnant and lactating women living with HIV.
Desmoplastic small round cell tumour (DSRCT): emerging therapeutic targets and future directions for potential therapies.
Promising RNA-based cancer gene therapy using extracellular vesicles for drug delivery.
Yes-Associated Protein and PDZ Binding Motif: A Critical Signaling Pathway in the Control of Human Pluripotent Stem Cells Self-Renewal and Differentiation.
Source and Follicular Fluid Treatment During the In Vitro Maturation of Recipient Oocytes Affects the Development of Cloned Pig Embryo.
Prognostic impact of solid tumor component diameter in early-stage non-small cell lung carcinoma treated with intensity-modulated fractionated radiotherapy: a retrospective analysis impact of solid tumor component diameter in NSCLC treated with IMRT.
Inhibition of DNA Methyltransferase by RG108 Promotes Pluripotency-Related Character of Porcine Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Down-regulation of NTSR3 inhibits growth, metastasis, and PI3K/AKT and MAPK signaling pathways in colorectal cancer cells.
The effects of estradiol are modulated in a tissue-specific manner in mice with inducible inactivation of ERalpha after sexual maturation.
Activity of Fructose-1, 6-bisphosphatase from Campylobacter jejuni.
Costal Chondrocyte-Derived Pellet-Type Autologous Chondrocyte Implantation for Treatment of Articular Cartilage Defect.
Compression of vectors for small interfering RNAs delivery: toward oral administration of siRNA lipoplexes in tablet form.
Carbon dots conjugated with vascular endothelial growth factor for protein tracking in angiogenic therapy.
Dual-stimuli responsive supramolecular self-assemblies based on the host-guest interaction between beta-cyclodextrin and azobenzene for cellular drug release.
Suppression of Drug-Resistant Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer with Inhibitors Targeting Minichromosomal Maintenance Protein.
Effects of Selected Resveratrol Analogs on Activation and Polarization of Lipopolysaccharide-stimulated BV-2 Microglial Cells.
A liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry based label-free quantification method for assessment of allergen-induced anaphylactoid reactions.
An imaging study by mass spectrometry of the spatial variation of cellulose and hemicellulose structures in corn stalks.
Comprehensive transcriptomic of lncRNAs reveal that the role of lncAD in chicken intramuscular and abdominal adipogenesis.
A FRET-based biosensor for targeting the hNTH1-YB1 interface as a potential anti-cancer drug target.
Perfluoro-tert-Butyl Hydroxyprolines as Sensitive, Conformationally Responsive Molecular Probes: Detection of Protein Kinase Activity by 19F NMR.
Nonsense suppression induced readthrough of a novel PAX6 mutation in patient-derived cells of congenital aniridia.
Grafting of 3D Bioprinting to In Vitro Drug Screening: A Review.
Stimuli-Responsive Delivery of Growth Factors for Tissue Engineering.
Paraganglioma-like medullary thyroid carcinoma: A case report and literature review.
Complex formation of anti-VEGF-C with VEGF-C released during blood coagulation resulted in an artifact in its serum pharmacokinetics.
Subtyping and EGFR mutation testing from blocks of cytological materials, based on liquid-based cytology for lung cancer at bronchoscopic examinations.
Modeling Nanocarrier Transport across a 3D In Vitro Human Blood-Brain-Barrier Microvasculature.
Reprogramming fibroblasts and peripheral blood cells from a C9ORF72 patient: A proof-of-principle study.
Cytomorphologic findings of cervical Pap smears from female-to-male transgender patients on testosterone therapy.
RIOK2 is negatively regulated by miR-4744 and promotes glioma cell migration/invasion through epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Long non-coding RNA LINC00467 drives hepatocellular carcinoma progression via inhibiting NR4A3.
Control of Akt activity and substrate phosphorylation in cells.
PNPLA3 I148M gene variant and Chronic Kidney Disease in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With NAFLD: Clinical and Experimental Findings.
Egg-induced changes to sperm phenotypes shape patterns of multivariate selection on ejaculates.
Predictive value of prognostic nutritional index in patients with oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Uncommon Presentation of Pigmented Paraungual Basal Cell Carcinoma on the First Toe Treated with Total Excision.
Intracellular ATP levels influence cell fates in Dictyostelium discoideum differentiation.
Downregulation of serum exosomal miR-320d predicts poor prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Necroptosis-Inducible Polymeric Nanobubbles for Enhanced Cancer Sonoimmunotherapy.
The formation of paranodal spirals at the ends of CNS myelin sheaths requires the planar polarity protein Vangl2.
MicroRNA-124-3p.1 promotes cell proliferation through Axin1-dependent Wnt signaling pathway and predicts a poor prognosis of triple-negative breast cancer.
Discordant Fetal Sex On Nipt And Ultrasound.
Solubilization of Hexyl Aminolevulinate by Surfactants for Tumor Fluorescence Detection.
Posttransplantation cyclophosphamide improves transplantation outcomes in patients with AML/MDS who are treated with checkpoint inhibitors.
STOP floxing around: Specificity and leakiness of inducible Cre/loxP systems.
Distinct Histopathology Characteristics in Empty Nose Syndrome.
Prognostic potential of liquid biopsy tracking in the posttreatment surveillance of patients with nonmetastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Photodynamic efficacy of cercosporin in 3D tumor cell cultures.
Applying single-cell technologies to clinical pathology: progress in nephropathology.
Double-faced implication of CD4+ Foxp3+ regulatory T cells expanded by acute dengue infection via TLR2/MyD88 pathway.
Intervertebral disc and endplate cell characterisation highlights annulus fibrosus cells as the most promising for tissue-specific disc degeneration therapy.
Correction to: EGFR signaling augments TLR4 cell surface expression and function in macrophages via regulation of Rab5a activation.
Varicella-Zoster Virus infected human neurons are resistant to apoptosis.
Enhanced Acid Tolerance in Lactobacillus acidophilus by Atmospheric and Room Temperature Plasma (ARTP) Coupled with Adaptive Laboratory Evolution (ALE).
Exploring technical issues in personalized medicine: NSCLC survival prediction by quantitative image analysis-usefulness of density correction of volumetric CT data.
Significant prognostic determinants in lung cancers of the superior sulcus: comparable analysis of resected and unresected cases.
Activation of Protein Kinase Cdelta Contributes to the Induction of Src/EGF Receptor/ERK Signaling in Ammonia-treated Astrocytes.
Indications for Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation in Myelodysplastic Syndrome.
Epithelial Plasticity, Autophagy and Metastasis: Potential Modifiers of the Crosstalk to Overcome Therapeutic Resistance.
Latest treatment strategies aiming for a cure in transplant-eligible multiple myeloma patients: how I cure younger MM patients with lower cost.
Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy after CAR T therapy.
Radiotheranostic Targeting Cancer Stem Cells in Human Colorectal Cancer Xenografts.
Haemato-biochemical alterations and oxidative stress associated with naturally occurring porcine circovirus2 infection in pigs.
Estimation of treatment effects and model diagnostics with two-way time-varying treatment switching: an application to a head and neck study.
ZNRF3 Regulates Collagen-Induced Arthritis Through NF-kB and Wnt Pathways.
Sodium Butyrate Downregulates Implant-Induced Inflammation in Mice.
Polysome-associated lncRNAs during cardiomyogenesis of hESCs.
Current perspectives of oleic acid: Regulation of molecular pathways in mitochondrial and endothelial functioning against insulin resistance and diabetes.
A computational model for grid maps in neural populations.
Dysregulated lipid metabolism in hepatocellular carcinoma cancer stem cells.
Enhancement of sialylation in rIgG in glyco-engineered Chinese hamster ovary cells.
Characteristic of slow growth in cell culture of adenovirus type 54 causing nationwide outbreak epidemic keratoconjunctivitis in Japan.
Varying Inoculum Dose to Assess the Roles of the Immune Response and Target Cell Depletion by the Pathogen in Control of Acute Viral Infections.
Hair keratin promotes wound healing in rats with combined radiation-wound injury.
Consumption of salt leads to ameliorate symptoms of metabolic disorder and change of gut microbiota.
Retraction Note to: Comparative analysis of the replication of bovine herpesvirus 1 (BHV1) and BHV5 in bovine-derived neuron-like cells.
18F-FDG PET/CT and whole-body MRI diagnostic performance in M staging for non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Detection of doxorubicin, cisplatin and therapeutic antibodies in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded human cancer cells.
Genipin inhibits the scleral expression of miR-29 and MMP2 and promotes COL1A1 expression in myopic eyes of guinea pigs.
[Scedosporium apiospermum-a rare pathogen of keratomycosis].
Dimethylaminododecyl methacrylate inhibits Candida albicans and oropharyngeal candidiasis in a pH-dependent manner.
Biocatalytic strategies for the production of ginsenosides using glycosidase: current state and perspectives.
Biotransformation of bisphenol A analogues by the biphenyl-degrading bacterium Cupriavidusbasilensis - a structure-biotransformation relationship.
Normoxic post-ROSC ventilation delays hippocampal CA1 neurodegeneration in a rat cardiac arrest model, but does not prevent it.
Radioimmunotherapy for mantle cell lymphoma: 5-year follow-up of 90 patients from the international RIT registry.
Label-free iodide detection using functionalized carbon nanodots as fluorescent probes.
AC electrokinetic immobilization of organic dye molecules.
Seonamhaeicola sediminis sp. nov., isolated from marine sediment.
Control of pyrimidine nucleotide formation in Pseudomonas aurantiaca.
Antioxidative and Radioprotective Properties of Glycosylated Flavonoid, Xanthorhamnin from Radio-Resistant Bacterium Bacillus indicus Strain TMC-6.
Bilirubin disrupts calcium homeostasis in neonatal hippocampal neurons: a new pathway of neurotoxicity.
Risk factors for severe cranial ischaemic complications in giant cell arteritis.
Association of mucosal-associated invariant T cells with different disease phases of polymyalgia rheumatica.
Informed Consent for Stem Cell-Based Interventions-Reply.
Informed Consent for Stem Cell-Based Interventions.
Evolutionary Analysis of the Zinc Finger and Homeoboxes Family of Proteins Identifies Multiple Conserved Domains and a Common Early Chordate Ancestor.
Gene replacement ameliorates deficits in mouse and human models of cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 disorder.
Selenium deficiency exacerbates LPS-induced necroptosis by regulating miR-16-5p targeting PI3K in chicken tracheal tissue.
Human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cell-derived and dermal fibroblast-derived extracellular vesicles protect dermal fibroblasts from ultraviolet radiation-induced photoaging in vitro.
Protein corona formation of human serum albumin with carbon quantum dots from roast salmon.
Application of a Y-type-DNA-functionalized nanogold probe featuring specific telomerase recognition and doxorubicin release in cancer cells.
Exquisite response to imatinib mesylate in FIP1L1-PDGFRA-mutated hypereosinophilic syndrome: a very long-term experience of Polish Hypereosinophilic Syndrome Study Group.
IRF4 instructs effector Treg differentiation and immune suppression in human cancer.
Ubiquitous antigen-specific T regulatory type 1 cells variably suppress hepatic and extrahepatic autoimmunity.
CoRESTed development of regulatory T cells.
The microbiome adds to the complexity of parathyroid hormone action on bone.
MicroRNA-146a regulates immune-related adverse events caused by immune checkpoint inhibitors.
Tissue-resident T cell derived cytokines eliminate herpes simplex virus-2 infected cells.
PIK3Cdelta expression by fibroblasts promotes triple-negative breast cancer progression.
DNA hyper-methylation during Tuberculosis dampens host immune responsiveness.
Biophysical characterization of DNA origami nanostructures reveals inaccessibility to intercalation binding sites.
Transmitted, pre-treatment and acquired antiretroviral drug resistance among men who have sex with men and transgender women living with HIV in Nigeria.
ESHRD: deconvolution of brain homogenate RNA expression data to identify cell-type-specific alterations in Alzheimer \' s disease.
p16 deficiency attenuates intervertebral disc degeneration by adjusting oxidative stress and nucleus pulposus cell cycle.
Genetic inactivation of mTORC1 or mTORC2 in neurons reveals distinct functions in glutamatergic synaptic transmission.
Purification and characterization of nisin P produced by a strain of Streptococcus gallolyticus.
Low lineage diversity and increased virulence of group C Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp. equisimilis.
African horse sickness virus NS4 is a nucleocytoplasmic protein that localizes to PML nuclear bodies.
Canine Dilated Cardiomyopathy: Diffuse Remodeling, Focal Lesions, and the Involvement of Macrophages and New Vessel Formation.
The Urine Albumin-Creatinine Ratio and Kidney Function after Nephrectomy.
Actin-like protein 8 executes a promoting function in the malignant progression of endometrial cancer: identification of a promising biomarker.
Introduction of ligated vessels promote the retention and regeneration of free fat: constructing a fat flap in tissue engineering chamber.
Neuroprotective effects of troxerutin and cerebroprotein hydrolysate injection on the neurovascular unit in a rat model of middle cerebral artery occlusion- through nitric oxide synthase regulation.
Prospects and Challenges for Use of CAR T Cell Therapies in Solid Tumors.
LncRNA LUADT1 inhibits cell apoptosis in diabetic retinopathy by regulating miR-383/peroxiredoxin 3 axis.
Immune induction identified by TMT proteomics analysis in Fusobacterium nucleatum Autoinducer-2 treated macrophages.
Vorinostat in patients with resistant BRAFV600E mutated advanced melanoma: a proof of concept study.
An overview of the myocardial regeneration potential of cardiac c-Kit+ progenitor cells via PI3K and MAPK signaling pathways.
In Vitro Surface Testing Methods for Dental Implants-Interpretation and Clinical Relevance: A Review.
Peptidomimetic Vinyl Heterocycle Inhibitors of Cruzain Effect Anti-Trypanosomal Activity.
Ancistrosecolines A-F, Unprecedented seco-Naphthylisoquinoline Alkaloids from the Roots of Ancistrocladus abbreviatus, with Apoptosis-Inducing Potential against HeLa Cancer Cells.
Surface functionalization of pegylated gold nanoparticles with antioxidants suppresses nanoparticle-induced oxidative stress and neurotoxicity.
Reversal of Apalutamide and Darolutamide Aldo-Keto Reductase 1C3-Mediated Resistance by a Small Molecule Inhibitor.
MXene as a Cation-selective Cathode Material for Asymmetric Capacitive Deionization.
Miniaturized filter-aided sample preparation (MICRO-FASP) method for high throughput, ultrasensitive proteomics sample preparation reveals proteome asymmetry in Xenopus laevis embryos.
[Expert recommendations on the management of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer during epidemic of COVID-19 (Trial version)].
Thrombopoietin enhances hematopoietic stem and progenitor cell homing by impeding matrix metalloproteinase 9 expression.
Mitigation of radiation-induced hematopoietic system injury by melatonin.
Up-regulation of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) expression and catalytic activity is associated with immunosuppression and poor prognosis in penile squamous cell carcinoma patients.
Targeting alveolar macrophages shows better treatment response than deletion of interstitial macrophages in EGFR mutant lung adenocarcinoma.
Extract of Plumbago zeylanica enhances the growth of hair follicle dermal papilla cells with down-regulation of 5alpha-reductase type II.
miR-373 inhibits autophagy and further promotes apoptosis of cholangiocarcinoma cells by targeting ULK1.
Development of Stimulus-Responsive Degradable Film via Codeposition of Dopamine and Cystamine.
In vitro proliferation of human epidermal melanocytes biopsied from multiple anatomical sites.
Co-Crosslinked Water-Soluble Biopolymers as Superior Binder for High-Voltage LiNi0.5Mn1.5O4 Graphite Lithium-Ion Full-Cells.
A caffeic acid phenethyl ester analog inhibits the proliferation of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells via targeting epidermal growth factor receptor.
RXRalpha and MRTF-A have a synergistic effect in the retinoic acid-induced neural-like differentiation of adult bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
The influence of hyperglycemia on neutrophil extracellular trap formation and endothelial glycocalyx damage in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
Up-regulation of SNHG16 induced by CTCF accelerates cardiac hypertrophy by targeting miR-182-5p/IGF1 axis.
Anti-interleukin-5-neutralizing antibody attenuates cardiac injury and cardiac dysfunction by aggravating the inflammatory response in doxorubicin-treated mice.
Expression of genes involved in apoptosis is dysregulated in mucopolysaccharidoses as revealed by pilot transcriptomic analyses.
The indirect antiangiogenic effect of IL-37 in the tumor microenvironment.
Penehyclidine hydrochloride protects against anoxia/reoxygenation injury in cardiomyocytes through ATP-sensitive potassium channels, and the Akt/GSK-3beta and Akt/mTOR signaling pathways.
Effects of Bisphenol A, Diethylhexyl Phthalate, and Pentabrominated Diphenyl Ether 99 on Steroid Synthesis in Cultured Bovine Luteal Cells.
Characterization of the mechanism of interaction between alpha1 -acid glycoprotein and lipid membranes by vacuum-ultraviolet circular-dichroism spectroscopy.
Multiscale Mechanics of Tissue Engineered Cartilage Grown from Human Chondrocytes and Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells.
Serration pattern analysis as a tool for the diagnosis of immunoglobulin A-mediated epidermolysis bullosa acquisita.
CD163-positive macrophage infiltration predicts systemic involvement in sarcoidosis.
GITR differentially affects lung effector T cell subpopulations during influenza virus infection.
Primaquine phosphate induces the apoptosis of ATRA-resistant acute promyelocytic leukemia cells by inhibition of the NF-kappaB pathway.
Coordinated demethylation of H3K9 and H3K27 is required for rapid inflammatory responses of endothelial cells.
Extracellular vesicles in toxicological studies: key roles in communication between environmental stress and adverse outcomes.
Screening for invasive fungal disease using non-culture-based assays among inpatients with advanced HIV disease at a large academic hospital in South Africa.
Mitochondrial Sirtuins in Skin and Skin Cancers.
Stability of regulatory T cells in T helper 2-biased allergic airway diseases.
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) for pain management in sickle cell disease.
Exendin-4 inhibits lipotoxicity-induced oxidative stress in beta-cells by inhibiting the activation of TLR4/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Histone deacetylase inhibitor OBP-801 and amrubicin synergistically inhibit the growth of squamous cell lung carcinoma by inducing mitochondrial ASK1-dependent apoptosis.
Pirfenidone attenuates homocysteine-induced apoptosis by regulating the connexin 43 pathway in H9C2 cells.
Expression and clinical significance of circular RNAs hsa_circ_0000175 and hsa_circ_0008410 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
The EMT transcription factor, Twist1, as a novel therapeutic target for pulmonary sarcomatoid carcinomas.
H19/let-7/Lin28 ceRNA network mediates autophagy inhibiting epithelial-mesenchymal transition in breast cancer.
Unraveling the genetic causes in large pedigrees with gout by whole-exome sequencing.
Icariin sensitizes human colon cancer cells to TRAIL-induced apoptosis via ERK-mediated upregulation of death receptors.
Exogenous carbon monoxide protects against mitochondrial DNA-induced hippocampal pyroptosis in a model of hemorrhagic shock and resuscitation.
Diallyl disulfide induces downregulation and inactivation of cofilin 1 differentiation via the Rac1/ROCK1/LIMK1 pathway in leukemia cells.
Scutellarein inhibits the development of colon cancer via CDC4-mediated RAGE ubiquitination.
Establishment of a novel human cell line retaining the characteristics of the original pancreatic adenocarcinoma, and evaluation of MEK as a therapeutic target.
Overexpression of IFIT2 inhibits the proliferation of chronic myeloid leukemia cells by regulating the BCR-ABL/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Tanshinone I induces apoptosis and protective autophagy in human glioblastoma cells via a reactive oxygen species-dependent pathway.
Cordyceps sinensis attenuates HBx-induced cell apoptosis in HK-2 cells through suppressing the PI3K/Akt pathway.
[Corrigendum]Phosphorylation of cortactin by cyclin-dependent kinase 5 modulates actin bundling by the dynamin 1-cortactin ring-like complex and formation of filopodia and lamellipodia in NG108-15 glioma-derived cells.
FOXO3a-SIRT6 axis suppresses aerobic glycolysis in melanoma.
Antitumor effects and mechanisms of pyropheophorbide-alpha methyl ester-mediated photodynamic therapy on the human osteosarcoma cell line MG-63.
Long non-coding RNA profile revealed by microarray indicates that lncCUEDC1 serves a negative regulatory role in breast cancer stem cells.
Lactobacillus salivarius BP121 prevents cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury by inhibition of uremic toxins such as indoxyl sulfate and p-cresol sulfate via alleviating dysbiosis.
CD24 and CK4 are upregulated by SIM2, and are predictive biomarkers for chemoradiotherapy and surgery in esophageal cancer.
Downregulation of lncRNA MALAT1 suppresses abnormal proliferation of small intestinal epithelial stem cells through miR-129-5p expression in diabetic mice.
Rab22a is a novel prognostic marker for cell progression in breast cancer.
A novel role for Livin in the response to ultraviolet B radiation and pterygium development.
Aberrant expression of the UPF1 RNA surveillance gene disturbs keratinocyte homeostasis by stabilizing AREG.
Panax notoginseng saponins prevent senescence and inhibit apoptosis by regulating the PI3K-AKT-mTOR pathway in osteoarthritic chondrocytes.
SNAIL expression correlates with the translocation of syndecan-1 intracellular domain into the nucleus in prostate cancer cell lines.
Curcumin exerts protective effects against hypoxia-reoxygenation injury via the enhancement of apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease 1 in SH-SY5Y cells: Involvement of the PI3K/AKT pathway.
CYP4A11 is involved in the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease via ROS-induced lipid peroxidation and inflammation.
Chromomycin A3 suppresses cholangiocarcinoma growth by induction of S phase cell cycle arrest and suppression of Sp1-related anti-apoptotic proteins.
Hesperetin reverses P-glycoprotein-mediated cisplatin resistance in DDP-resistant human lung cancer cells via modulation of the nuclear factor-kappaB signaling pathway.
Knockdown of long non coding RNA SOX21-AS1 attenuates amyloid-beta-induced neuronal damage by sponging miR-107.
Investigation of the roles of AgrA and sigmaB regulators in Listeria monocytogenes adaptation to roots and soil.
Multitrophic interactions in the rhizosphere microbiome of wheat: from bacteria and fungi to protists.
The mechanism and role of intracellular alpha-ketoglutarate reduction in hepatic stellate cell activation.
Modulating the properties of flow-assembled chitosan membranes in microfluidics with glutaraldehyde crosslinking.
Disulfide bond-based self-crosslinked carbon-dots for turn-on fluorescence imaging of GSH in living cells.
The antibacterial activity of p-tert-butylcalix[6]arene and its effect on a membrane model: molecular dynamics and Langmuir film studies.
Fluorine-containing graphene quantum dots with a high singlet oxygen generation applied for photodynamic therapy.
Light-assisted gadofullerene nanoparticles disrupt tumor vasculatures for potent melanoma treatment.
Linear and dendrimeric antiviral peptides: design, chemical synthesis and activity against human respiratory syncytial virus.
Promotion of G1/S Transition and Inhibition of Inflammatory Cytokine Production by Hydroxypyridinone-Coumarin in Osteoarthritis Rats.
The atomic structure of the Bergman-type icosahedral quasicrystal based on the Ammann-Kramer-Neri tiling.
Quasicrystal-related mosaics with periodic lattices interlaid with aperiodic tiles.
pinkIndexer - a universal indexer for pink-beam X-ray and electron diffraction snapshots.
[Pancreatic metastasis of primary kidney cancer: A presentation of a serie of clinical cases and revision of the literature.]
Expression of androgen receptor and estrogen receptor-beta in foreskin tissue of hypospadiac and healthy boys.
Remodeling of the duct system of the rat submandibular salivary glands in chronic ethanol intoxication.
Association analysis between HOTAIR RS1899663 single nucleotide polymorphism and clear cell renal cell carcinoma development in Ukrainian population.
Experimental Evidence on the Nature of the Antigen in the Direct Agglutination Test for Visceral Leishmaniasis.
Plasma Endotoxin Levels Are Not Increased in Schistosoma mansoni-Infected Women without Signs or Symptoms of Hepatosplenic Disease.
Evaluation of the effects of 1,25 vitamin D3 on regulatory T cells and T helper 17 cells in Vitamin D-deficient women with unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss.
Role of GRINA/NMDARA1 in Central Nervous System Diseases.
Review on Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Structure, Signaling Pathways, Interactions, and Recent Updates of EGFR Inhibitors.
Synergism between host defence peptides and antibiotics against 3 bacterial infections.
Decoding novel mechanisms and emerging therapeutic strategies in breast cancer resistance.
The Effect Of CB1 Antagonism On Hepatic Oxidative/Nitrosative Stress And Inflammation In Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Potential treatment of Parkinson \' s disease with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Global and regional connectivity analysis of resting-state function MRI brain images using graph theory in Parkinson \' s disease.
Characterization of VopJ by modelling, docking and molecular dynamics simulation with reference to its role in infection of enteropathogen Vibrio parahaemolyticus.
Preclinical Safety Assessment of a Highly Selective and Potent Dual Small-Molecule Inhibitor of CBP/P300 in Rats and Dogs.
Nucleolar organizer regions in human oral verrucous carcinoma and adjacent lining epithelium.
Cross-company evaluation of the human lymphocyte activation assay.
The effects of epigenetic modification on the occurrence and progression of liver diseases and the involved mechanism.
Effect of melatonin on gonad and thyroid development of offspring of hypothyroid pregnant rats.
Quality of Life of Latino and Non-Latino Youth With Sickle Cell Disease as Reported by Parents and Youth.
Colostrum fails to prevent bovine/camelid neonatal neutrophil damage from AFB1.
Laparoscopic treatment of ovarian granulosa cells tumor developed in the pelvic anterior preperitoneal space 20 years after laparotomic salpingo-oophorectomy: case report and review of literature.
Plasmonic Gold Templates Enhancing Single Cell Lipidomic Analysis of Microorganisms.
Membrane Phospholipid Analogues as Molecular Rulers to Probe the Position of Hydrophobic Contact Point of Lysophospholipid Ligands on the Surface of G-Protein-coupled Receptor during Membrane Approach.
Diagnostic value of joint detection of white blood cells, blood glucose, and serum lactic acid for hand-foot-and-mouth disease.
Role of inflammatory factors in peripheral blood cells of patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease.
Long Non-coding RNA CCAT1 Sponges miR-454 to Promote Chemoresistance of Ovarian Cancer Cells to Cisplatin by Regulation of Surviving.
Clonal T-cell large granular lymphocyte proliferations in childhood and young adult immune dysregulation conditions.
Hyperfunction of the stress response system and novelty-induced hyperactivity correlate with enhanced cocaine-induced conditioned place preference in NCAM-deficient mice.
CDK9 is dispensable for YAP-driven hepatoblastoma development.
The cyclic motor patterns in the human colon.
Low-GGT intrahepatic cholestasis associated with biallelic USP53 variants: clinical, histological, and ultrastructural characterization.
Bortezomib Washout Duration Prior to Stem Cell Mobilization in Patients with Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma.
Malignant mesothelioma cells secrete natriuretic peptides: Data and diagnostic clinical implications.
Remembering where we are: positional information in salamander limb regeneration.
Low Rho activity in hepatocytes prevents apical from basolateral cargo separation during TGN-to-surface transport.
Surgical treatment of basal cell carcinoma - a case series on factors influencing the risk of an incomplete primary excision.
Factors influencing platelet normalization of transient abnormal myelopoiesis.
CtBP1 transactivates RAD51 and confers cisplatin resistance to breast cancer cells.
High-fat diet induces endoplasmic reticulum stress to promote chondrocyte apoptosis in mouse knee joints.
Histopathological hallmarks of cutaneous lesions of capillary malformation-arteriovenous malformation syndrome.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the nose presenting with a giant cutaneous horn: A unique clinical presentation.
Tissue resident memory T cells in lesional and non-lesional psoriatic skin on a scar.
Isolated cerebrospinal fluid relapse of acute myeloid leukemia status post stem cell transplant: a neuroleukemiosis manifesting as polyneuropathy.
Modulatory effects of Pb2+ on virally challenged chicken macrophage (HD-11) and B-lymphocyte (DT40) cell lines in vitro.
CCL28-induced CCR10/eNOS interaction in angiogenesis and skin wound healing.
Puerarin 6 \'  \' -O-xyloside suppresses growth, self-renewal and invasion of lung cancer stem-like cells derived from A549 cells via regulating Akt/c-Myc signalling.
A Japanese multi-institutional collaborative study of antigen-positive red blood cell (RBC) transfusions in patients with corresponding RBC antibodies.
Selinexor-based regimens for the treatment of myeloma refractory to chimeric antigen receptor T cell therapy.
Sphingosine kinase-2 is overexpressed in large granular lymphocyte leukaemia and promotes survival through Mcl-1.
Identification of relapse-associated gene mutations by next-generation sequencing in low-risk acute myeloid leukaemia patients.
Intraoperative Margin Assessment in Head and Neck Cancer: A Case of Misuse and Abuse?
The Microenvironment of Head and Neck Cancers: Papillomavirus Involvement and Potential Impact of Immunomodulatory Treatments.
Human Papillomavirus Testing in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma in 2020: Where Are We Now and Where Are We Going?
Expression of Stromal Progesterone Receptor and Differential Methylation Patterns in the Endometrium May Correlate with Response to Progesterone Therapy in Endometrial Complex Atypical Hyperplasia.
Maternal Folic Acid Supplementation Mediates Offspring Health via DNA Methylation.
Heat Shock Protein 60 (HSP60) Serves as a Potential Target for the Sensitization of Chemoresistant Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Variable Responsiveness to Agonists for TLR2 and TLR7 in Myometrial Cells from Different Sources: Correlation with Receptor Expression.
Chikusetsu saponin IVa alleviated sevoflurane-induced neuroinflammation and cognitive impairment by blocking NLRP3/caspase-1 pathway.
Differential effects of performance-enhancing drugs  \' Methamphetamine \'  and  \' hCG \'  on ex-vivo cultured primary blood mononuclear cells of male athletes.
mRNA level of ROCK1, RHOA, and LIMK2 as genes associated with apoptosis in evaluation of effectiveness of adalimumab treatment.
Acute cocaine treatment enhances the antagonistic allosteric adenosine A2A-dopamine D2 receptor-receptor interactions in rat dorsal striatum without increasing significantly extracellular dopamine levels.
Cap Analysis of Gene Expression (CAGE): A Quantitative and Genome-Wide Assay of Transcription Start Sites.
Cell-Type Enrichment Analysis of Bulk Transcriptomes Using xCell.
Computational Deconvolution of Tumor-Infiltrating Immune Components with Bulk Tumor Gene Expression Data.
EPIC: A Tool to Estimate the Proportions of Different Cell Types from Bulk Gene Expression Data.
Immunedeconv: An R Package for Unified Access to Computational Methods for Estimating Immune Cell Fractions from Bulk RNA-Sequencing Data.
In Silico Cell-Type Deconvolution Methods in Cancer Immunotherapy.
Modeling and Viewing T Cell Receptors Using TCRmodel and TCR3d.
Identification of Epitope-Specific T Cells in T-Cell Receptor Repertoires.
Improving MHC-I Ligand Identification by Incorporating Targeted Searches of Mass Spectrometry Data.
In Silico Prediction of Tumor Neoantigens with TIminer.
Bioinformatics for Cancer Immunotherapy.
Low-dose Roundup induces developmental toxicity in bovine preimplantation embryos in vitro.
The effects of melatonin on possible damage that will occur on adipocytokines and liver tissue by coadministration of fructose and bisphenol a (BPA).
Acetaldehyde-induced oxidative modifications and morphological changes in isolated human erythrocytes: an in vitro study.
MiR-1297 negatively regulates metabolic reprogramming in glioblastoma via repressing KPNA2.
Suprasellar extension independently predicts preoperative pituitary hormone deficiencies in patients with nonfunctioning pituitary macroadenomas: a single-center experience.
The effect of restrictive versus liberal transfusion strategies on longer-term outcomes after cardiac surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis with trial sequential analysis.
Correlation Between SIRT2 3 \' UTR Gene Polymorphism and the Susceptibility to Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Nrf2/ARE is a key pathway for curcumin-mediated protection of TMJ chondrocytes from oxidative stress and inflammation.
DNA damage response proteins and its role in tumor progression of uveal melanoma with patient outcome.
2SBP: overview of the trans-omics session-measure x analyze metabolic adaptation of biological systems-at the 2019 BSJ Meeting in Miyazaki.
Extra-nodal Cytokeratin-Positive Interstitial Reticulum Cell Sarcoma Presenting as a Colonic Polyp: Report of a Rare Case with Review of Literature.
Nocardiosis in patients with nephrotic syndrome: a retrospective analysis of 11 cases and a literature review.
A new intrasurgical technique to safely and reproducibly induce partial unilateral urinary obstruction and renal scarring in a Rat Model.
The Mechanism of Trivalent Inorganic Arsenic on HIF-1alpha: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Immunohistochemical Profile and 47-Gene Next-Generation Sequencing (NGS) Solid Tumor Panel Analysis of a Series of 13 Strumal Carcinoids.
Need for choosing the ideal pH value for IVF culture media.
The Impact of Treatment as Prevention on the HIV Epidemic in British Columbia, Canada.
Infectious mononucleosis, immune genotypes, and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL): an InterLymph Consortium study.
Effect of water temperature on cellular stress responses in meagre (Argyrosomus regius).
Boar sperm quality and oxidative status as affected by rosmarinic acid at 17  C.
Critical Assessment of In Vitro and In Vivo Models to Study Marrow Adipose Tissue.
Fertilization in flowering plants: an odyssey of sperm cell delivery.
Comprehensive review of ASC structure and function in immune homeostasis and disease.
Efficient isolation and proliferation of human adipose-derived mesenchymal stromal cells in xeno-free conditions.
MiR-1202 Exerts Neuroprotective Effects on OGD/R Induced Inflammation in HM Cell by Negatively Regulating Rab1a Involved in TLR4/NF-kappaB Signaling Pathway.
Propagation of goat putative spermatogonial stem cells under growth factors defined serum-free culture conditions.
PERK-eIF2alpha-ATF4 signaling contributes to osteogenic differentiation of periodontal ligament stem cells.
All-trans retinoic acid enhances the effect of Fra-1 to inhibit cell proliferation and metabolism in cervical cancer.
Assessment of Protein Profiles of RNAlater Stored and Fresh PBMC Cells Using Different Protein Extraction Buffers.
Anti-HER2 antibody therapy using gene-transduced adipocytes for HER2-positive breast cancer.
Silencing of p53 reduces cell migration in human Tenon \' s fibroblasts induced by TGF-beta.
Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of a multifunctional neuropeptide-Y conjugate for selective nuclear delivery of radiolanthanides.
Green Synthesized Phytochemically (Zingiber officinale and Allium sativum) Reduced Nickel Oxide Nanoparticles Confirmed Bactericidal and Catalytic Potential.
Silicified bulliform cells of Poaceae: morphological characteristics that distinguish subfamilies.
Cytotoxicity and cell death induced by engineered nanostructures (quantum dots and nanoparticles) in human cell lines.
X-ray tomography of cryopreserved human prostate cancer cells: mitochondrial targeting by an organoiridium photosensitiser.
Synthesis of Knoevenagel Adducts Under Microwave Irradiation and Biocatalytic Ene-Reduction by the Marine-Derived Fungus Cladosporium sp. CBMAI 1237 for the Production of 2-Cyano-3-Phenylpropanamide Derivatives.
Gut bacteria of animals living in polluted environments exhibit broad-spectrum antibacterial activities.
A Microfluidic Perfusion Platform for In Vitro Analysis of Drug Pharmacokinetic-Pharmacodynamic (PK-PD) Relationships.
LncRNA-IUR up-regulates PTEN by sponging miR-21 to regulate cancer cell proliferation and apoptosis in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Cyclocreatine Transport by SLC6A8, the Creatine Transporter, in HEK293 Cells, a Human Blood-Brain Barrier Model Cell, and CCDSs Patient-Derived Fibroblasts.
Fatty acid-driven modifications in T-cell profiles in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients.
Embryonic stem cell extracts improve wound healing in diabetic mice.
Prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and its predictors in the Portuguese population: a nationwide population-based study.
CXCL1, CCL2, and CCL5 modulation by microbial and biomechanical signals in periodontal cells and tissues-in vitro and in vivo studies.
Scaffolds and coatings for bone regeneration.
Identification of genes from the general phenylpropanoid and monolignol-specific metabolism in two sugarcane lignin-contrasting genotypes.
Mutation in histone deacetylase clr6 promotes the survival of S. pombe cds1 null mutant in response to hydroxyurea.
Pre-emptive rituximab and plasma exchange does not prevent disease recurrence following living donor renal transplantation in high-risk idiopathic SRNS.
Candidate lncRNA-microRNA-mRNA networks in predicting non-small cell lung cancer and related prognosis analysis.
The PT2D-Score: a novel tool to predict complications and economic outcome after radical cystectomy.
MiR-145 alleviates Hcy-induced VSMC proliferation, migration, and phenotypic switch through repression of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway.
Accurate and live peroxisome biogenesis evaluation achieved by lentiviral expression of a green fluorescent protein fused to a peroxisome targeting signal 1.
The leading role of pathology in assessing the somatic molecular alterations of cancer: Position Paper of the European Society of Pathology.
Overexpression of wheat alpha-mannosidase gene TaMP impairs salt tolerance in transgenic Brachypodium distachyon.
Gene expression during development and overexpression after Cercospora kikuchii and salicylic acid challenging indicate defensive roles of the soybean toxin.
Persisters of Klebsiella pneumoniae and Proteus mirabilis: A Common Phenomenon and Different Behavior Profiles.
Aliifodinibius salipaludis sp. nov., Isolated from Saline-Alkaline Soil.
Modified Anterior Tibial Artery Perforator-Pedicled Propeller Flap for Soft-Tissue Coverage of the Ankle and Heel.
Authors \'  Reply: Relevance of Level IIb Neck Dissection in Patients with Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinomas.
Clinical translation of 18F-fluoropivalate - a PET tracer for imaging short-chain fatty acid metabolism: safety, biodistribution, and dosimetry in fed and fasted healthy volunteers.
Current understanding of and emerging treatment options for spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress type 1 (SMARD1).
Joining and decomposing reaction networks.
Genetic variations in Hippo pathway genes influence bladder cancer risk in a Chinese population.
Combinations of LXR and RXR agonists induce triglyceride accumulation in human HepaRG cells in a synergistic manner.
Symmetry-breaking transitions in the early steps of protein self-assembly.
Construction and application of a high-content analysis for identifying human carboxylesterase 2 inhibitors in living cell system.
International Regensburg Center for Interventional Immunology (RCI) symposium on "Synthetic immunology and environment-adapted redirection of T cells", 17-18 July, 2019, Regensburg, Germany.
Serum Angiopoietin-like Protein 6, Risk of Type 2 Diabetes, and Response to Hyperglycemia: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Monitoring the spatio-temporal organization and dynamics of the genome.
The acute myeloid leukemia variant DNMT3A Arg882His is a DNMT3B-like enzyme.
Hysteresis in the gas sorption isotherms of metal-organic cages accompanied by subtle changes in molecular packing.
Cyclometalated iridium(iii) complexes for mitochondria-targeted combined chemo-photodynamic therapy.
Paper-based microchip electrophoresis for point-of-care hemoglobin testing.
Sensitive and specific detection of tumour cells based on a multivalent DNA nanocreeper and a multiplexed fluorescence supersandwich.
CT derived radiomic score for predicting the added benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy following surgery in Stage I, II resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: a retrospective multi-cohort study for outcome prediction.
Tumor necrosis factor receptor-2 signaling pathways promote survival of cancer stem-like CD133+ cells in clear cell renal carcinoma.
Can asymmetric post-translational modifications regulate the behavior of STAT3 homodimers?
Ultrastructure of primary pacemaking cells in rabbit sino-atrial node cells indicates limited sarcoplasmic reticulum content.
Lung cancer cells survive epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor exposure through upregulation of cholesterol synthesis.
Pharmacological inhibition of STAT3 pathway ameliorates acute liver injury in vivo via inactivation of inflammatory macrophages and hepatic stellate cells.
Changes in the R-region interactions depend on phosphorylation and contribute to PKA and PKC regulation of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator chloride channel.
Manipulation of the tumor microenvironment by cytokine gene transfection enhances dendritic cell-based immunotherapy.
Aspirin ameliorates the long-term adverse effects of doxorubicin through suppression of cellular senescence.
Cyclosporine A inhibits MRTF-SRF signaling through Na+/K+ ATPase inhibition and actin remodeling.
Zeolites ameliorate asbestos toxicity in a transgenic model of malignant mesothelioma.
Kinetics of immune cell responses in the multiple low-dose streptozotocin mouse model of type 1 diabetes.
Histone chaperone HIRA dictate proliferation vs differentiation of chronic myeloid leukemia cells.
IQGAP1 activates PLC-delta1 by direct binding and moving along microtubule with DLC-1 to cell surface.
Kras promotes myeloid differentiation through Wnt/beta-catenin signaling.
Bile acid receptor agonists in primary biliary cholangitis: Regulation of the cholangiocyte secretome and downstream T cell differentiation.
Phytohormone metabolism in human cells: Cytokinins are taken up and interconverted in HeLa cell culture.
A novel mutation alters the stability of PapA2 resulting in the complete abrogation of sulfolipids in clinical mycobacterial strains.
Dengue NS5 modulates expression of miR-590 to regulate ubiquitin-specific peptidase 42 in human microglia.
Macrophage-derived HMGB1 is dispensable for tissue fibrogenesis.
AJP001, a novel helper T-cell epitope, induces a humoral immune response with activation of innate immunity when included in a peptide vaccine.
Regeneration competent satellite cell niches in rat engineered skeletal muscle.
ECDI-fixed donor splenocytes prolong skin allograft survival by promoting M2 macrophage polarization and inducing regulatory T cells.
Bicaudal D1 impairs autophagosome maturation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Activity of lumacaftor is not conserved in zebrafish Cftr bearing the major cystic fibrosis-causing mutation.
Silver nanoparticles selectively treat triple-negative breast cancer cells without affecting non-malignant breast epithelial cells in vitro and in vivo.
A case report: metastasis of melanoma to the heart in an era of immunotherapy.
Molecular Studies on Pregnancy with Mouse Models.
Enhancing the Signaling of GPCRs via Orthosteric Ions.
Competitive Metabolite Profiling of Natural Products Reveals Subunit Specific Inhibitors of the 20S Proteasome.
Mesoscale All-Atom Influenza Virus Simulations Suggest New Substrate Binding Mechanism.
Virus-like Nonvirus Cationic Liposome for Efficient Gene Delivery via Endoplasmic Reticulum Pathway.
Sensing Living Bacteria in Vivo Using d-Alanine-Derived 11C Radiotracers.
Sequential Glycosylation of Proteins with Substrate-Specific N-Glycosyltransferases.
A Triple-Regulated Oncolytic Adenovirus Carrying MicroRNA-143 Exhibits Potent Antitumor Efficacy in Colorectal Cancer.
MicroRNA Modification of Coxsackievirus B3 Decreases Its Toxicity, while Retaining Oncolytic Potency against Lung Cancer.
Validation and implementation of a modular targeted capture assay for the detection of clinically significant molecular oncology alterations.
Microarray data and pathway analyses of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy subjects after a three weeks grape-rich diet.
Conversion of mesenchymal stem cells into a canine hepatocyte-like cells by Foxa1 and Hnf4a.
Safety Assessment of a Hemp Extract using Genotoxicity and Oral Repeat-Dose Toxicity Studies in Sprague-Dawley Rats.
Genotoxic effect of two commonly used food dyes metanil yellow and carmoisine using Allium cepa L. as indicator.
HTLV-1c associated bronchiolitis in an Aboriginal man from central Australia.
Introduction of a green algal squalene synthase enhances squalene accumulation in a strain of Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
Cell death induction by Ranunculus ternatus extract is independent of mitochondria and dependent on Caspase-7.
Fetal subependymal giant cell astrocytoma: A case report and review of the literature.
Adaptive radiosurgery based on two simultaneous dose prescriptions in the management of large renal cell carcinoma brain metastases in critical areas: Towards customization.
Karacoline, identified by network pharmacology, reduces degradation of the extracellular matrix in intervertebral disc degeneration via the NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
A Clinicopathological Report of Four Cases of Squamous Odontogenic Tumor-Like Proliferations in Odontogenic Cysts: Suggested Opinions regarding This Unusual Nature.
Discovery of novel and potent P2Y14R antagonists via structure-based virtual screening for the treatment of acute gouty arthritis.
Inhibition of IkappaBalpha phosphorylation potentiates regulated cell death induced by azidothymidine in HTLV-1 infected cells.
Delivery of phosphatidylethanolamine blunts stress in hepatoma cells exposed to elevated palmitate by targeting the endoplasmic reticulum.
Nucleolar localization of the Notch4 intracellular domain underpins its regulation of the cellular response to genotoxic stressors.
Phenotypic high-throughput screening platform identifies novel chemotypes for necroptosis inhibition.
Genetic manipulation of SPG7 or NipSnap2 does not affect mitochondrial permeability transition.
Rho-ROCK signaling mediates entotic cell death in tumor.
NF90 stabilizes cyclin E1 mRNA through phosphorylation of NF90-Ser382 by CDK2.
Preclinical studies reveal MLN4924 is a promising new retinoblastoma therapy.
BORIS/CTCFL promotes a switch from a proliferative towards an invasive phenotype in melanoma cells.
Mediastinal primary small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma-life threatening condition.
Identification of Toxicity Effects of Cu2O Materials on C. elegans as a Function of Environmental Ionic Composition.
Critical roles of microRNA-141-3p and CHD8 in hypoxia/reoxygenation-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis.
Adrenal angiosarcoma with metastasis: Imaging and histopathology of a rare adrenal cancer.
Synergistic Effect of 1,3,6-Trihydroxy-4,5,7-Trichloroxanthone in Combination with Doxorubicin on B-Cell Lymphoma Cells and Its Mechanism of Action Through Molecular Docking.
Biodegradation of penicillin G from industrial bacteria residue by immobilized cells of Paracoccus sp. KDSPL-02 through continuous expanded bed adsorption bioreactor.
A small-scale fractionation pipeline for rapid analysis of seed mucilage characteristics.
GNAS promotes inflammation-related hepatocellular carcinoma progression by promoting STAT3 activation.
MicroRNA-4316 inhibits gastric cancer proliferation and migration via directly targeting VEGF-A.
Long non-coding RNA DANCR promotes cervical cancer growth via activation of the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway.
Methionine and Glycine Stabilize Mitochondrial Activity in Sake Yeast During Ethanol Fermentation.
Evaluation of recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor VEGF121-loaded poly-l-lactide microparticles as a controlled release delivery system.
The effect of R547, a cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor, on hepatocellular carcinoma cell death.
Doxorubicin inhibits miR-140 expression and upregulates PD-L1 expression in HCT116 cells, opposite to its effects on MDA-MB-231 cells.
Genetic alterations in B cell lymphoma subtypes as potential biomarkers for noninvasive diagnosis, prognosis, therapy, and disease monitoring.
Prospects and challenges for cell-cultured fat as a novel food ingredient.
Ag2S nanocrystallites deposited over polyamidoamine grafted carbon nanotubes: An efficient NIR active photothermal agent.
Unravelling the effects of the food components ascorbic acid and capsaicin as a novel anti-biofilm agent against Escherichia coli.
Effect of nitrogen sources and neutralizing agents on D-lactic acid production from Kodo millet bran hydrolysate: comparative study and kinetic analysis.
Chlorella vulgaris cultivation in airlift photobioreactor with transparent draft tube: effect of hydrodynamics, light and carbon dioxide on biochemical profile particularly omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio.
TooManyCells identifies and visualizes relationships of single-cell clades.
Visualizing the genome in high resolution challenges our textbook understanding.
Rapid mesoscale volumetric imaging of neural activity with synaptic resolution.
Kilohertz two-photon fluorescence microscopy imaging of neural activity in vivo.
Cryo-EM structures reveal translocational unfolding in the clostridial binary iota toxin complex.
SRSF7 maintains its homeostasis through the expression of Split-ORFs and nuclear body assembly.
Multivalent interactions between CsoS2 and Rubisco mediate alpha-carboxysome formation.
Bridge helix arginines play a critical role in Cas9 sensitivity to mismatches.
ChromID identifies the protein interactome at chromatin marks.
Dual-targeting nanoparticle vaccine elicits a therapeutic antibody response against chronic hepatitis B.
Author Correction: Genome-wide CRISPR-Cas9 screening reveals ubiquitous T cell cancer targeting via the monomorphic MHC class I-related protein MR1.
The molecular basis underpinning the potency and specificity of MAIT cell antigens.
New insights into the obesity paradox in renal cell carcinoma.
One gene to rule them all in a chronic brain infection.
In situ NMR metrology reveals reaction mechanisms in redox flow batteries.
An ancestral signalling pathway is conserved in intracellular symbioses-forming plant lineages.
Structural basis for monolignol oxidation by a maize laccase.
Inflammasome-mediated antagonism of type I interferon enhances Rickettsia pathogenesis.
Phase angle is not associated with fatigue in cancer patients: the hydration impact.
Long-term, in toto live imaging of cardiomyocyte behaviour during mouse ventricle chamber formation at single-cell resolution.
Fast and efficient generation of knock-in human organoids using homology-independent CRISPR-Cas9 precision genome editing.
Engineering human knock-in organoids.
High oxide ion and proton conductivity in a disordered hexagonal perovskite.
Nr2e3 is a genetic modifier that rescues retinal degeneration and promotes homeostasis in multiple models of retinitis pigmentosa.
Dissimilation of synonymous codon usage bias in virus-host coevolution due to translational selection.
Transcription factors in ferroptotic cell death.
Modeling clear cell renal cell carcinoma and therapeutic implications.
Targeting metabolic activity in high-risk neuroblastoma through Monocarboxylate Transporter 1 (MCT1) inhibition.
Evaluating the efficacy of multiple myeloma cell lines as models for patient tumors via transcriptomic correlation analysis.
The novel lncRNA BlackMamba controls the neoplastic phenotype of ALK- anaplastic large cell lymphoma by regulating the DNA helicase HELLS.
Features of endoscopic procedure site reaction associated with a recently approved submucosal lifting agent.
Melanomas with activating RAF1 fusions: clinical, histopathologic, and molecular profiles.
Advanced biomaterials for cancer immunotherapy.
Neuroprotective effects of olanzapine against rotenone-induced toxicity in PC12 cells.
The hepatotoxicity of Polygonum multiflorum: The emerging role of the immune-mediated liver injury.
Exploring the protective effects of schizandrol A in acute myocardial ischemia mice by comprehensive metabolomics profiling integrated with molecular mechanism studies.
Association of MICA-129Met/Val polymorphism with clinical outcome of anti-TNF therapy and MICA serum levels in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Clinical Relevance of the serum CTLA-4 in Cats with Mammary Carcinoma.
REBOUND "Trained to live again": The practice of great Olympic coaches improves and enhances the quality of life of cancer patients in remission after hematopoietic stem cell allogeneic transplantation.
CD8+CD161hi T cells are associated with acute graft-versus-host disease after haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Lactobacillus paracasei-derived extracellular vesicles attenuate the intestinal inflammatory response by augmenting the endoplasmic reticulum stress pathway.
PROM2 promotes gemcitabine chemoresistance via activating the Akt signaling pathway in pancreatic cancer.
A bacterial cell factory converting glucose into scyllo-inositol, a therapeutic agent for Alzheimer \' s disease.
Neotropical termite microbiomes as sources of novel plant cell wall degrading enzymes.
Androgen Receptor and Poly(ADP-ribose) Glycohydrolase Inhibition Increases Efficiency of Androgen Ablation in Prostate Cancer Cells.
The activation of BAFF/APRIL system in spleen and lymph nodes of Plasmodium falciparum infected patients.
Author Correction: Hypoxia causes reductions in birth weight by altering maternal glucose and lipid metabolism.
A 13-plex of tetra- and penta-STRs to identify zebrafish.
TREM-1 activation is a potential key regulator in driving severe pathogenesis of enterovirus A71 infection.
Modification of radiosensitivity by Curcumin in human pancreatic cancer cell lines.
Assessment of trace metal alterations in the blood, cerebrospinal fluid and tissue samples of patients with malignant brain tumors.
Basic Hallmarks of Urothelial Cancer Unleashed in Primary Uroepithelium by Interference with the Epigenetic Master Regulator ODC1.
A dynamic perfusion based blood-brain barrier model for cytotoxicity testing and drug permeation.
Virulence assessment of six major pathogenic Candida species in the mouse model of invasive candidiasis caused by fungal translocation.
Serum sHLA-G: Significant diagnostic biomarker with respect to therapy and immunosuppressive mediators in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Genome sequencing of human in vitro fertilisation embryos for pathogenic variation screening.
Identification and sequence analyses of the gliding machinery proteins from Mycoplasma mobile.
Novel elvitegravir nanoformulation for drug delivery across the blood-brain barrier to achieve HIV-1 suppression in the CNS macrophages.
Hepatic stellate cell hypertrophy is associated with metabolic liver fibrosis.
Patient-derived small intestinal myofibroblasts direct perfused, physiologically responsive capillary development in a microfluidic Gut-on-a-Chip Model.
Toward Low-Cost All-Organic and Biodegradable Li-Ion Batteries.
Nasalization of Central Retinal Vessel Trunk Predicts Rapid Progression of Central Visual Field in Open-Angle Glaucoma.
The unique expression profile of FAM19A1 in the mouse brain and its association with hyperactivity, long-term memory and fear acquisition.
Resveratrol alleviates obesity-induced skeletal muscle inflammation via decreasing M1 macrophage polarization and increasing the regulatory T cell population.
Nanobody-enabled monitoring of kappa opioid receptor states.
Transient genome-wide interactions of the master transcription factor NLP7 initiate a rapid nitrogen-response cascade.
Single-cell analysis of human ovarian cortex identifies distinct cell populations but no oogonial stem cells.
Regulation of the linear ubiquitination of STAT1 controls antiviral interferon signaling.
Optogenetic manipulation of calcium signals in single T cells in vivo.
Tumor-educated B cells promote renal cancer metastasis via inducing the IL-1beta/HIF-2alpha/Notch1 signals.
Screening and function discussion of a hereditary renal tubular acidosis family pathogenic gene.
Clarithromycin inhibits autophagy in colorectal cancer by regulating the hERG1 potassium channel interaction with PI3K.
High-mobility group AT-hook 1 promotes cardiac dysfunction in diabetic cardiomyopathy via autophagy inhibition.
Long noncoding RNA TRPM2-AS acts as a microRNA sponge of miR-612 to promote gastric cancer progression and radioresistance.
Chlorzoxazone, a small molecule drug, augments immunosuppressive capacity of mesenchymal stem cells via modulation of FOXO3 phosphorylation.
Mutations in the coat complex II component SEC23B promote colorectal cancer metastasis.
Enhanced DNA-repair capacity and resistance to chemically induced carcinogenesis upon deletion of the phosphatase regulator NIPP1.
The 9th Barossa Meeting: Cell Signalling in Cancer Medicine.
Histone H3K27me3 demethylases regulate human Th17 cell development and effector functions by impacting on metabolism.
An allosteric switch regulates Mycobacterium tuberculosis ClpP1P2 protease function as established by cryo-EM and methyl-TROSY NMR.
Lactate dehydrogenase inhibition synergizes with IL-21 to promote CD8+ T cell stemness and antitumor immunity.
Microbial evolutionary strategies in a dynamic ocean.
Context-dependent operation of neural circuits underlies a navigation behavior in Caenorhabditis elegans.
bioPROTACs as versatile modulators of intracellular therapeutic targets including proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA).
Cas9 interrogates DNA in discrete steps modulated by mismatches and supercoiling.
Class A PBPs have a distinct and unique role in the construction of the pneumococcal cell wall.
Systematic identification of engineered methionines and oxaziridines for efficient, stable, and site-specific antibody bioconjugation.
Charge-dependent interactions of monomeric and filamentous actin with lipid bilayers.
Mechanophenotyping of 3D multicellular clusters using displacement arrays of rendered tractions.
Biphasic chemotaxis of Escherichia coli to the microbiota metabolite indole.
Cyp2c44 regulates prostaglandin synthesis, lymphangiogenesis, and metastasis in a mouse model of breast cancer.
Conformational control of small GTPases by AMPylation.
SOX4-mediated repression of specific tRNAs inhibits proliferation of human glioblastoma cells.
In situ healing of dendrites in a potassium metal battery.
Triacylglycerol and phytyl ester synthesis in Synechocystis sp. PCC6803.
Structural elucidation of the Clostridioides difficile transferase toxin reveals a single-site binding mode for the enzyme.
Sonoselective transfection of cerebral vasculature without blood-brain barrier disruption.
Immunotoxin SS1P is rapidly removed by proximal tubule cells of kidney, whose damage contributes to albumin loss in urine.
Regulation of stomatal development by stomatal lineage miRNAs.
Abrogation of esophageal carcinoma development in miR-31 knockout rats.
Cell-penetrating peptide inhibits retromer-mediated human papillomavirus trafficking during virus entry.
A hepatocyte differentiation model reveals two subtypes of liver cancer with different oncofetal properties and therapeutic targets.
Correction to Supporting Information for Zhou et al., Perfluorocarbon nanoparticle-mediated platelet inhibition promotes intratumoral infiltration of T cells and boosts immunotherapy.
Sensory cilia as the Achilles heel of nematodes when attacked by carnivorous mushrooms.
Signaling mechanisms of growth hormone-releasing hormone receptor in LPS-induced acute ocular inflammation.
Neurologic syndromes related to anti-GAD65: Clinical and serologic response to treatment.
Mode of action of the catalytic site in the N-terminal ribosome-inactivating domain of JIP60.
The M-protein of Streptococcus pyogenes strain AP53 retains cell surface functional plasminogen binding after inactivation of the sortase A gene.
Ribosome dimerization protects the small subunit.
Post-transcriptional regulation of tnaA by protein-RNA interaction mediated by ribosomal protein L4 in Escherichia coli.
The anti-activator of type III secretion, OspD1, is transcriptionally regulated by VirB and H-NS from remote sequences in Shigella flexneri.
Transitioning from Basic toward Systems Pharmacodynamic Models: Lessons from Corticosteroids.
Human Hepatocyte Nuclear Factor 4-alpha encodes isoforms with distinct transcriptional functions.
Genomics Methods for Xenopus Embryos and Tissues.
Standard Immunization of Mice, Rats, and Hamsters.
AKT regulates mitotic progression of mammalian cells by phosphorylating MASTL leading to PP2A inactivation.
Determining the bioenergetic capacity for fatty acid oxidation in the mammalian nervous system.
NRF3-POMP-20S proteasome assembly axis promotes cancer development via ubiquitin-independent proteolysis of p53 and Rb.
Mapping the Chromosomal Insertion Site of the GFP Transgene of UBC-GFP Mice to the MHC Locus.
Natural T Cell Epitope Containing Methyl Lysines on Mycobacterial Heparin-Binding Hemagglutinin.
Dendritic Cells of Mesenteric and Regional Lymph Nodes Contribute to Yersinia enterocolitica O:3-Induced Reactive Arthritis in TNFRp55-/- Mice.
Cutting Edge: Activation-Induced Iron Flux Controls CD4 T Cell Proliferation by Promoting Proper IL-2R Signaling and Mitochondrial Function.
Cutting Edge: The Use of Topical Aminoglycosides as an Effective Pull in "Prime and Pull" Vaccine Strategy.
GITR agonism triggers antitumor immune responses through IL21-expressing follicular helper T cells.
Single-cyst transcriptome analysis of Drosophila male germline stem cell lineage.
Planarian cell number depends on Blitzschnell, a novel gene family that balances cell proliferation and cell death.
Physical interactions between Gsx2 and Ascl1 balance progenitor expansion versus neurogenesis in the mouse lateral ganglionic eminence.
"If you please... draw me a cell". Insights from immune cells.
Mechanical stretch increases Kv1.5 current through an interaction between the S1-S2 linker and N-terminus of the channel.
SMAD7 enhances adult beta cell proliferation without significantly affecting beta cell function in mice.
Cross-regulation between LUBAC and caspase-1 modulates cell death and inflammation.
Heterotrimeric Gq proteins as therapeutic targets?
Pioneering meiotic recombination.
TCF21 promotes luminal-like differentiation and suppresses metastasis in bladder cancer.
An adolescent with recurrent ankle swelling.
Structural remodeling of active zones is associated with synaptic homeostasis.
Loss of Piccolo function in rats induces cerebellar network dysfunction and Pontocerebellar Hypoplasia type 3-like phenotypes.
Plakophilin 3 phosphorylation by ribosomal S6 kinase supports desmosome assembly.
The differential response of the chicken trachea to chronic infection with virulent Mycoplasma gallisepticum strain Ap3AS and Vaxsafe MG (strain ts-304) - a transcriptional profile.
Pits and CtBP Control Tissue Growth in Drosophila melanogaster with the Hippo Pathway Transcription Repressor, Tgi.
Misclassification of Diffuse Gliomas-Letter.
MAPK pathway alterations correlate with poor survival and drive resistance to therapy in patients with lung cancers driven by ROS1 fusions.
A LYSA Phase Ib Study of tazemetostat (EPZ-6438) plus R-CHOP in newly diagnosed Diffuse Large B Cell Lymphoma (DLBCL) patients with poor prognosis features.
Harmonizing cell-free DNA Collection and Processing Practices through Evidence-based Guidance.
Genomic variants of cytarabine sensitivity associated with treatment related mortality in pediatric AML: A report from the Children \' s Oncology Group.
Cancer antigen discovery is enabled by RNA-sequencing of highly purified malignant and non-malignant cells.
An interview with Sally Lowell.
Integration of luminal pressure and signalling in tissue self-organization.
NOX4 inhibition potentiates immunotherapy by overcoming cancer-associated fibroblast-mediated CD8 T-cell exclusion from tumours.
Antimicrobial activity of the quinoline derivative HT61 against Staphylococcus aureus biofilms.
In vitro activity of beauvericin against all developmental stages of Sarcoptes scabiei.
A Synthesis Concerning Conservation and Divergence of Cell Types across Epithelia.
A Stem Cell Approach to Cure Type 1 Diabetes.
Insilico modeling and analysis of small molecules binding to the PHLPP1 protein by molecular dynamics simulation.
Inhibitory and protective effect of obovatol against uterine fibroid (leiomyoma) cells.
Development of 99mTc-SDP-choline SPECT radiopharmaceutical for imaging of cerebrovascular diseases.
REPORT- Anti-inflammatory effect of austroyunnane B on RAW264.7 cells.
REPORT- Association between serum electrolytes and erythrocytes Na+, K+ in hypertensive and normotensive male compared to female.
Anti-angiogenic effect of EGHB010, a standardized herbal formula of Paeoniae radix and Glycyrrhizae radix.
Screening of water distilled Rosa damascena Mill. flowers as hematopoietic agent in an animal model.
Temporal Heterogeneity of Resistance Mechanisms to EGFR-TKI Identified in a Patient With Lung Adenocarcinoma and Sarcomatoid Transformation.
Quantification and characterization of granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor activated human peripheral blood mononuclear cells by fluorine-19 cellular MRI in an immunocompromised mouse model.
Sarcoidosis and the mTOR, Rac1, and Autophagy Triad.
C1q/TNF-related protein 5 contributes to diabetic vascular endothelium dysfunction through promoting Nox-1 signaling.
Prognostic Nomogram for Overall Survival in Early Stage Extranodal Natural Killer/T Cell Lymphoma Treated With High-Dose Radiotherapy.
Thrombomodulin induces anti-inflammatory effects by inhibiting the rolling adhesion of leukocytes in vivo.
Corrigendum to "Evidence-based guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS): An update (2014-2018)" [Clin. Neurophysiol. 131 (2020) 474-528].
Adverse transfusion reactions with neurological signs in transfused patients.
Design and synthesis of dansyl-labeled inhibitors of steroid sulfatase for optical imaging.
Discovery and optimization of 2-aminopyridine derivatives as novel and selective JAK2 inhibitors.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of isoliquiritigenin derivatives as a neuroprotective agent against glutamate mediated neurotoxicity in HT22 cells.
Editorial commentary: Challenges in the diagnosis and management of pulmonary artery stenosis.
Spatial regulation of mTORC1 signalling: Beyond the Rag GTPases.
Histotype predicts the rate of lymph node invasion at nephrectomy in patients with nonmetastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Battling IL-17, the troublemaker in alcohol-induced hepatocellular carcinoma.
Liver-resident CD8+ T cells: learning lessons from the local experts.
Effect of photobiomodulation on recovery from neurosensory disturbances after sagittal split ramus osteotomy: a triple-blind randomised controlled trial.
Noncultured epidermal cell suspension for the treatment of recalcitrant segmental vitiligo in a solid-organ transplant recipient.
A new set of reagents and related software used for NGS based classical and non-classical HLA typing showing evidence for a greater HLA haplotype diversity.
THE action of TH17 cells on blood brain barrier in multiple sclerosis and experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
TIGIT and PD-1 may serve as potential prognostic biomarkers for gastric cancer.
Pharmacology on Target.
Analysis of Immune Cell Repopulation After Anti-thymocyte Globulin Administration for Steroid-Resistant T-cell-mediated Rejection.
Macrophage Depletion Improves Chronic Rejection in Rats With Allograft Heart Transplantation.
Enhancing sustained-release local therapy: Single versus dual chemotherapy for the treatment of neuroblastoma.
Helicobacter hepaticus infection-induced IL-33 promotes hepatic inflammation and fibrosis through ST2 signaling pathways in BALB/c mice.
Exosomal encapsulation of miR-125a-5p inhibited trophoblast cell migration and proliferation by regulating the expression of VEGFA in preeclampsia.
Nitroprusside induces melanoma ferroptosis with serum supplementation and prolongs survival under serum depletion or hypoxia.
Decreased immunomodulatory and secretory capability of aging human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells in vitro.
Role of submucosal glands in the development and progression of carcinoma in Barrett \' s oesophagus.
Probable Autoimmune Catatonia With Antibodies Against Cilia on Hippocampal Granule Cells and Highly Suspicious Cerebral FDG-Positron Emission Tomography Findings.
Electronic cigarettes containing nicotine increase endothelial and platelet derived extracellular vesicles in healthy volunteers.
Identification of functional lncRNAs in pseudorabies virus type II infected cells.
Poly(I:C) augments inactivated influenza virus-chitosan nanovaccine induced cell mediated immune response in pigs vaccinated intranasally.
Regulatory mechanism of microRNA-155 in chicken embryo fibroblasts in response to reticuloendotheliosis virus infection.
Disruption of the Burkholderia pseudomallei two-component signal transduction system BbeR-BbeS leads to increased extracellular DNA secretion and altered biofilm formation.
Complement C3aR/C5aR-binding protein Suilysin of Streptococcus suis contributes to monocyte chemotaxis.
The chemokines CCL2 and CXCL10 produced by bovine endometrial epithelial cells induce migration of bovine B lymphocytes, contributing to transuterine transmission of BLV infection.
Yersinia enterocolitica-specific modulation of innate immune responses in jejunal epithelial cells.
Influence of pigeon interferon alpha (PiIFN-alpha) on pigeon circovirus (PiCV) replication and cytokine expression in Columba livia.
Marek \' s disease virus as a CRISPR/Cas9 delivery system to defend against avian leukosis virus infection in chickens.
Establishment and characterization of the pig tonsil epithelial (PT) cell line as a new model for persist infection of Japanese Encephalitis Virus.
Adenosine receptor Adora2b antagonism attenuates Brucella abortus 544 infection in professional phagocyte RAW 264.7 cells and BALB/c mice.
AAV-expressed G protein induces robust humoral and cellular immune response and provides durable protection from rabies virus challenges in mice.
Association of bovine major histocompatibility complex class I (BoLA-A) alleles with immune response to Brucella abortus strain 19 in calves.
Preface: More than two decades of modern tumor immunology.
Tracing bone marrow-derived microglia in brain metastatic tumors.
Multiplex immunohistochemistry as a novel tool for the topographic assessment of the bone marrow stem cell niche.
Multiplexed immunohistochemistry for immune cell phenotyping, quantification and spatial distribution in situ.
Characterization of the immune microenvironment of NSCLC by multispectral analysis of multiplex immunofluorescence images.
Monitoring antigen cross-presentation by human dendritic cells purified from peripheral blood.
Neoantigen prediction from genomic and transcriptomic data.
CRISPR technology for immuno-oncology applications.
Multiplex immunohistochemistry assay to evaluate the melanoma tumor microenvironment.
Modulation of the tumor microenvironment with an oncolytic adenovirus for effective T-cell therapy and checkpoint inhibition.
Quantitative evaluation of tumor-specific T cells in tumors and lymphoid tissues.
Characterization of conventional dendritic cell populations in preclinical tumor models using flow cytometry.
Methods to assess anticancer immune responses in orthotopic bladder carcinomas.
Monitoring abscopal responses to radiation in mice.
High-dimensional multiplexed immunohistochemical characterization of immune contexture in human cancers.
Microtubule organelles in Giardia.
Transcriptomic and proteomic analyses of Giardia intestinalis: Intestinal epithelial cell interactions.
The structural organization of Giardia intestinalis cytoskeleton.
Exosomes of male reproduction.
Long noncoding RNAs in cancer: From discovery to therapeutic targets.
A dermatan sulfate-functionalized biomimetic nanocarrier for melanoma targeted chemotherapy.
Hyaluronic acid-modified liposomal honokiol nanocarrier: Enhance anti-metastasis and antitumor efficacy against breast cancer.
Structural studies of the pectic polysaccharide from fruits of Punica granatum.
Chitosan-based electrospun membranes: Effects of solution viscosity, coagulant and crosslinker.
In-vitro and in-vivo evaluation of modified sodium starch glycolate for exploring its haemostatic potential.
Biocompatibility analysis of Borassus flabellifer biomass-derived nanofibrillated cellulose.
Corrigendum to "ATR-FTIR spectroscopy to determine cell wall composition: Application on a large diversity of fruits and vegetables" [Carbohydr. Polym. 212 (May) (2019), 186-196].
Hyaluronan biofilms reinforced with partially deacetylated chitin nanowhiskers: Extraction, fabrication, in-vitro and antibacterial properties of advanced nanocomposites.
Carboxymethyl chitosan-zinc(II) phthalocyanine conjugates: Synthesis, characterization and photodynamic antifungal therapy.
Activation of a gamma-cyclodextrin-based metal-organic framework using supercritical carbon dioxide for high-efficient delivery of honokiol.
Proteosaccharide combinations for tissue engineering applications.
An active heteropolysaccharide from the rinds of Garcinia mangostana Linn.: Structural characterization and immunomodulation activity evaluation.
Fabrication of cellulose nanofiber/polypyrrole/polyvinylpyrrolidone aerogels with box-Behnken design for optimal electrical conductivity.
Tumors attenuating the mitochondrial activity in T cells escape from PD-1 blockade therapy.
SLAMF6 deficiency augments tumor killing and skews towards an effector phenotype revealing it as a novel T cell checkpoint.
A late preterm infant with lymphopenia.
Association of serum 25-OH vitamin D3 with serum IgE and the Pediatric Asthma Severity Score in patients with pediatric asthma.
Mast cell disorders and idiopathic anaphylaxis: Evaluation and management.
Interaction between oocytes, cortical germ cells and granulosa cells of the mouse and bat, following the dissociation-re-aggregation of adult ovaries.
Dietary substitution of saturated with monounsaturated fatty acids within high-fat diets attenuates hyperinsulinemia and pancreatic islet dysfunction.
New uracil analog U-332 is an inhibitor of NF-kappaB in 5-fluorouracil-resistant human leukemia HL-60 cell line.
The therapeutic impact of human neonatal BMSC in a right ventricular pressure overload model in mice.
MUC1 is associated with TFF2 methylation in gastric cancer.
Identification of a robust functional subpathway signature for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma by comprehensive and integrated analyses.
Intra-articular delivery of extracellular vesicles secreted by chondrogenic progenitor cells from MRL/MpJ superhealer mice enhances articular cartilage repair in a mouse injury model.
Vascular wall injury and inflammation are key pathogenic mechanisms responsible for early testicular degeneration during acute besnoitiosis in bulls.
PARP inhibitors in pancreatic cancer: molecular mechanisms and clinical applications.
Metabolism of pancreatic cancer: paving the way to better anticancer strategies.
Utilizing minimally purified secreted rAAV for rapid and cost-effective manipulation of gene expression in the CNS.
Tissue microRNAs in non-small cell lung cancer detected with a new kind of liquid bead array detection system.
gscreend: modelling asymmetric count ratios in CRISPR screens to decrease experiment size and improve phenotype detection.
An engineering probiotic producing defensin-5 ameliorating dextran sodium sulfate-induced mice colitis via Inhibiting NF-kB pathway.
LincRNA-EPS in biomimetic vesicles targeting cerebral infarction promotes inflammatory resolution and neurogenesis.
Diverged morphology changes of astrocytic and neuronal primary cilia under reactive insults.
Investigating the multi-target pharmacological mechanism of danhong injection acting on unstable angina by combined network pharmacology and molecular docking.
Yeast display platform technology to prepare oral vaccine against lethal H7N9 virus challenge in mice.
Noncoding RNAs in cancer immunity: functions, regulatory mechanisms, and clinical application.
Anti-melanogenic activity of Myristica fragrans extract against Aspergillus fumigatus using phenotypic based screening.
Combination versus single-agent as palliative chemotherapy for gastric cancer.
Neutrophil activation and neutrophil derived neutrophil extracellular trap formation in patients with coronary artery ectasia.
GenomeQC: a quality assessment tool for genome assemblies and gene structure annotations.
Millefy: visualizing cell-to-cell heterogeneity in read coverage of single-cell RNA sequencing datasets.
Fatty acid biosynthesis and transcriptional regulation of Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase 1 (SCD1) in buffalo milk.
Correction to: Minicircle DNA vector expressing interferon-lambda-3 inhibits hepatitis B virus replication and expression in hepatocyte-derived cell line.
Sirt2-associated transcriptome modifications in cisplatin-induced neuronal injury.
Barley ROP-Interactive Partner-a organizes into RAC1- and MICROTUBULE-ASSOCIATED ROP-GTPASE ACTIVATING PROTEIN 1-dependent membrane domains.
Basement Membrane Changes in Ischemic Stroke.
Participation of Somatic Stem Cells, Recognized by a Unique A3 Antibody, in Mucosal Epithelial Regeneration in Dextran Sulfate Sodium (DSS)-Induced Rat Colonic Lesions.
WT1 overexpression predicted good outcomes in adult B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia patients receiving chemotherapy.
Unraveling mechanisms of patient-specific NRXN1 mutations in neuropsychiatric diseases using human induced Pluripotent Stem cells.
Stem cell/oxygen-releasing microparticle enhances erectile function in cavernous nerve injury model.
Donor selection in HLA-mismatched hematopoietic Stem Cell Micro-transplantation for Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Nasal chondrocyte derived soluble factors affect chondrogenesis of cocultured mesenchymal stem cells.
Effect of allogeneic cell-based tissue engineered treatments in a sheep osteonecrosis model.
A Direct Comparison of Thyroid Hormone Receptor (THR) Protein Levels in Mice Provides Unexpected Insights into TH Action.
Comparison of proliferation and osteogenic differentiation potential of rat mandibular and femoral bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells in vitro.
&lt;i&gt;BRAF&lt;sup&gt;V600E&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/sup&gt; Transduction of SV40-immortalized Normal Human Thyroid Cell Line Induces Dedifferentiated Thyroid Carcinogenesis in a Mouse Xenograft Model.
Knowledge Gaps among Patients and Providers in HPV-Related Oropharyngeal Cancer: A Systematic Review.
Significance of Luminex-based single antigen class II bead assay and its mean fluorescence intensity in renal transplant cases; a retrospective observation in 97 cases.
Synthesis of dual functional procaine-derived carbon dots for bioimaging and anticancer therapy.
The presence of IFL3/4 rs12979860 C allele influences the in vitro IP-10 production by mononuclear cells from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Ferulic acid alleviates atopic dermatitis-like symptoms in mice via its potent anti-inflammatory effect.
Inhibition of histone demethylase JMJD1C attenuates cardiac hypertrophy and fibrosis induced by angiotensin II.
Autophagy-deficiency in bone marrow mononuclear cells from patients with myasthenia gravis: A possible mechanism of pathogenesis.
Activation of invariant natural killer T cells by alpha-galactosylceramide ameliorates doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity in mice.
Mesenchymal stem cells maintain the stemness of colon cancer stem cells via interleukin-8/mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathway.
Mitochondria-targeted compounds in the treatment of cancer.
KLF8 promotes cancer stem cell-like phenotypes in osteosarcoma through miR-429-SOX2 signaling.
LncRNA SNHG1 promotes cell progression and metastasis via sponging miR-377-3p in hepatocellular carcinoma.
The SNHG16/miR-30a axis promotes breast cancer cell proliferation and invasion by regulating RRM2.
Inhibition of miR-103a-3p suppresses the proliferation in oral squamous cell carcinoma cells via targeting RCAN1.
Investigation of the Relationship Between H2O2 and HClO in Living Cells by a Bifunctional, Dual-ratiometric Responsive Fluorescent Probe.
Enhancing Performance of Fused-Ring Electron Acceptor Using Pyrrole Instead of Thiophene.
BMD42-2910, a Novel Benzoxazole Derivative, Shows a Potent Anti-prion Activity and Prolongs the Mean Survival in an Animal Model of Prion Disease.
Spatiotemporal Profile and Morphological Changes of NG2 Glia in the CA1 Region of the Rat Hippocampus after Transient Forebrain Ischemia.
New Features of Receptive Fields in Mouse Retina through Spike-triggered Covariance.
Distribution of Cadherin in the Parahippocampal Area of Developing Domestic Chicken Embryos.
From Bound Cells Comes a Sound Mind: The Role of Neuronal Growth Regulator 1 in Psychiatric Disorders.
Application of polydimethylsiloxane surface texturing on III-V//Si tandem achieving more than 2 % absolute efficiency improvement.
DC electric fields in electrode-free glass vapor cell by photoillumination.
Multi-wavelength voltage-coded metasurface based on indium tin oxide: independently and dynamically controllable near-infrared multi-channels.
Generation of a Bessel beam in FDTD using a cylindrical antenna.
Performance optimization of tandem organic solar cells at varying incident angles based on optical analysis method.
Phase and fluorescence imaging with a surprisingly simple microscope based on chromatic aberration.
Intracavity image upconversion system with fast and flexible electro-optic image gating based on polarization-frustrated phase-matching for range-gated applications.
Photoexcitation-induced local phonon spectra and local hot excitons in polymer solar cells.
Single-volume dual-channel acousto-optical tunable filter.
Multi-bit dielectric coding metasurface for EM wave manipulation and anomalous reflection.
Magneto-optical resonances in fluorescence from sodium D2 manifold.
Enhancing upconversion photoluminescence by plasmonic-photonic hybrid mode.
Quantitative phase imaging by wide-field interferometry with variable shearing distance uncoupled from the off-axis angle.
Angular dispersion boost of high order laser harmonics with Carbon nano-rods.
Detailed illumination model for bifacial solar cells.
Anomalous photocurrent in wide InGaN quantum wells.
Asymmetric dielectric grating on metallic film enabled dual- and narrow-band absorbers.
Nonlinear pulse compression to 22 fs at 15.6 microJ by an all-solid-state multipass approach.
Studies of Cellulose and Starch Utilization and the Regulatory Mechanisms of Related Enzymes in Fungi.
HSP70 Multi-Functionality in Cancer.
Concentration- and Time-Dependent Effects of Benzalkonium Chloride in Human Lung Epithelial Cells: Necrosis, Apoptosis, or Epithelial Mesenchymal Transition.
Low-Energy Electron Irradiation Efficiently Inactivates the Gram-Negative Pathogen Rodentibacter pneumotropicus-A New Method for the Generation of Bacterial Vaccines with Increased Efficacy.
Inhibitory Effects of a Reengineered Anthrax Toxin on Canine Oral Mucosal Melanomas.
Development of Tumor Cell-Based Vaccine with IL-12 Gene Electrotransfer as Adjuvant.
Ginseng Gintonin Contains Ligands for GPR40 and GPR55.
Heterogeneity of Circulating Tumor Cells in Breast Cancer: Identifying Metastatic Seeds.
Melanogenic Properties and Expression Profiles of Melanogenic Paracrine Molecules in Riehl \' s Melanosis.
Cytotoxicity of Different Nano Composite Resins on Human Gingival and Periodontal Ligament Fibroblast Cell Lines: An In Vitro Study.
Long Term Pharmacological Perturbation of Autophagy in Mice: Are HCQ Injections a Relevant Choice?
Molecular and Lifestyle Factors Modulating Obesity Disease.
Extracellular Vesicle-Induced Classical Complement Activation Leads to Retinal Endothelial Cell Damage via MAC Deposition.
The Potential of Computational Modeling to Predict Disease Course and Treatment Response in Patients with Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis.
Shedding the Last Layer: Mechanisms of Root Cap Cell Release.
MiR155-5p Inhibits Cell Migration and Oxidative Stress in Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells of Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats.
ASK1 Mediates Nur77 Expression in T-Cell Receptor Mediated Thymocyte Apoptosis.
JP2 Genotype of Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans in Caucasian Patients: A Presentation of Two Cases.
Novel Bioactive and Therapeutic Root Canal Sealers with Antibacterial and Remineralization Properties.
Reprogramming the Constant Region of Immunoglobulin G Subclasses for Enhanced Therapeutic Potency against Cancer.
Effective Activation of Human Antigen-Presenting Cells and Cytotoxic CD8+ T Cells by a Calcium Phosphate-Based Nanoparticle Vaccine Delivery System.
Mevastatin-Induced AP-1-Dependent HO-1 Expression Suppresses Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule-1 Expression and Monocyte Adhesion on Human Pulmonary Alveolar Epithelial Cells Challenged with TNF-alpha.
Remote Ischemic Preconditioning induces Cardioprotective Autophagy and Signals through the IL-6-Dependent JAK-STAT Pathway.
Characterization of Cistus x incanus L. and Cistus ladanifer L. Extracts as Potential Multifunctional Antioxidant Ingredients for Skin Protecting Cosmetics.
The Yin and Yang of Autosomal Recessive Primary Microcephaly Genes: Insights from Neurogenesis and Carcinogenesis.
Effects of Acute Heat Stress on a Newly Established Chicken Hepatocyte-Nonparenchymal Cell Co-Culture Model.
Macrophage HIV-1 Gene Expression and Delay Resolution of Inflammation in HIV-Tg Mice.
Development and Validation of a Clinically Relevant Workflow for MR-Guided Volumetric Arc Therapy in a Rabbit Model of Head and Neck Cancer.
Photo-Functionalized Magnetic Nanoparticles as a Nanocarrier of Photodynamic Anticancer Agent for Biomedical Theragnostics.
S-Nitroso-Proteome Revealed in Stomatal Guard Cell Response to Flg22.
Diversity of Clinically Relevant Outcomes Resulting from Hypofractionated Radiation in Human Glioma Stem Cells Mirrors Distinct Patterns of Transcriptomic Changes.
ATF4-Dependent NRF2 Transcriptional Regulation Promotes Antioxidant Protection during Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Signaling Pathways and Key Genes Involved in Regulation of foam Cell Formation in Atherosclerosis.
Blood Eosinophilia is an on-Treatment Biomarker in Patients with Solid Tumors Undergoing Dendritic Cell Vaccination with Autologous Tumor-RNA.
Neuronal Activity in the Rat Pulvinar Correlates with Multiple Higher-Order Cognitive Functions.
Effect of UV and Gamma Irradiation Sterilization Processes in the Properties of Different Polymeric Nanoparticles for Biomedical Applications.
Tropomyosin: An Excretory/Secretory Protein from Haemonchus contortus Mediates the Immuno-Suppressive Potential of Goat Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells In Vitro.
Brugada Syndrome: Oligogenic or Mendelian Disease?
Chondrogenic Differentiation from Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells Using Non-Viral Minicircle Vectors.
Electronegative LDL Promotes Inflammation and Triglyceride Accumulation in Macrophages.
A Novel Digestive Proteinase Lipase Member H-A in Bombyx mori Contributes to Digestive Juice Antiviral Activity Against B. mori Nucleopolyhedrovirus.
Effect of Different Pressure-Sensitive Adhesives on Performance Parameters of Matrix-Type Transdermal Delivery Systems.
Sphingolipids and Mitochondrial Dynamic.
Total Versus Inorganic and Organic Species of As, Cr, and Sb in Flavored and Functional Drinking Waters: Analysis and Risk Assessment.
Rhizophagus irregularis and Rhizoctonia solani Differentially Elicit Systemic Transcriptional Expression of Polyphenol Biosynthetic Pathways Genes in Sunflower.
Exploiting Milling By-Products in Bread-Making: The Case of Sprouted Wheat.
Job Opening for Nucleosome Mechanic: Flexibility Required.
Structural and Functional Characterization of New SsoPox Variant Points to the Dimer Interface as a Driver for the Increase in Promiscuous Paraoxonase Activity.
Comprehensive Effects of Near-Infrared Multifunctional Liposomes on Cancer Cells.
Chiral Pyridine-3,5-bis- (L-phenylalaninyl-L-leucinyl) Schiff Base Peptides as Potential Anticancer Agents: Design, Synthesis, and Molecular Docking Studies Targeting Lactate Dehydrogenase-A.
Anti-stress, Glial- and Neuro-differentiation Potential of Resveratrol: Characterization by Cellular, Biochemical and Imaging Assays.
From Synthesis to Utilization: The Ins and Outs of Mitochondrial Heme.
Use of a Pleurotus ostreatus Complex Cell Wall Extract as Elicitor of Plant Defenses: From Greenhouse to Field Trial.
A Disposable Passive Microfluidic Device for Cell Culturing.
Peptides from Natural or Rationally Designed Sources Can Be Used in Overweight, Obesity, and Type 2 Diabetes Therapies.
Maytenus disticha Extract and an Isolated beta-Dihydroagarofuran Induce Mitochondrial Depolarization and Apoptosis in Human Cancer Cells by Increasing Mitochondrial Reactive Oxygen Species.
Spatial and Pregnancy-Related Changes in the Protein, Amino Acid, and Carbohydrate Composition of Bovine Oviduct Fluid.
Genome-Wide Identification of Metal Tolerance Protein Genes in Populus trichocarpa and Their Roles in Response to Various Heavy Metal Stresses.
Functional Cyclization of Eukaryotic mRNAs.
Butyrate Decreases ICAM-1 Expression in Human Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma Cells.
Photoacoustic Spectral Sensing Technique for Diagnosis of Biological Tissue Coagulation: In-Vitro Study.
A Preclinical Embryonic Zebrafish Xenograft Model to Investigate CAR T Cells In Vivo.
A Copper (II) Ensemble-Based Fluorescence Chemosensor and Its Application in the  \' Naked-Eye \'  Detection of Biothiols in Human Urine.
Inhibition of Human Cytomegalovirus Entry into Host Cells Through a Pleiotropic Small Molecule.
JNK/p66Shc/ITCH Signaling Pathway Mediates Angiotensin II-induced Ferritin Degradation and Labile Iron Pool Increase.
Genetic Identification and Transcriptome Analysis of Lintless and Fuzzless Traits in Gossypium arboreum L.
The Fate of Th17 Cells is Shaped by Epigenetic Modifications and Remodeled by the Tumor Microenvironment.
Design and Mechanical Characterization of Voronoi Structures Manufactured by Indirect Additive Manufacturing.
Differential Inhibitory Actions of Multitargeted Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors on Different Ionic Current Types in Cardiomyocytes.
Circulating Tumor Cells in Early and Advanced Breast Cancer; Biology and Prognostic Value.
Longitudinal Patterns of Social Problem-Solving Skills in an Ethnically Diverse Sample of Pediatric Patients with Cancer and their Caregivers.
A Review of Zinc-L-Carnosine and Its Positive Effects on Oral Mucositis, Taste Disorders, and Gastrointestinal Disorders.
Aflatoxins: Occurrence, Exposure, and Binding to Lactobacillus Species from the Gut Microbiota of Rural Ugandan Children.
Application of Thin-Layer Chromatography-Flame Ionization Detection (TLC-FID) to Total Lipid Quantitation in Mycolic-Acid Synthesizing Rhodococcus and Williamsia Species.
Quercetin and Its Mixture Increase the Stress Resistance of Caenorhabditis elegans to UV-B.
Droplet Microfluidics for the ex Vivo Expansion of Human Primary Multiple Myeloma Cells.
Mineral-Doped Poly(L-lactide) Acid Scaffolds Enriched with Exosomes Improve Osteogenic Commitment of Human Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Transporters and Efflux Pumps Are the Main Mechanisms Involved in Staphylococcus epidermidis Adaptation and Tolerance to Didecyldimethylammonium Chloride.
Strategies to Prevent Biofilm Infections on Biomaterials: Effect of Novel Naturally-Derived Biofilm Inhibitors on a Competitive Colonization Model of Titanium by Staphylococcus aureus and SaOS-2 Cells.
The Determination of Immunomodulation and Its Impact on Survival of Rectal Cancer Patients Depends on the Area Comprising a Tissue Microarray.
Early Events in Actin Cytoskeleton Dynamics and E-Cadherin-Mediated Cell-Cell Adhesion during Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition.
Autophagy: A Potential Therapeutic Target of Polyphenols in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Clozapine Prevents Poly (I:C) Induced Inflammation by Modulating NLRP3 Pathway in Microglial Cells.
Altered Growth and Envelope Properties of Polylysogens Containing Bacteriophage Lambda N-cI- Prophages.
Distinct Approaches of Raloxifene: Its Far-Reaching Beneficial Effects Implicating the HO-System.
Strategies for Neuroprotection in Multiple Sclerosis and the Role of Calcium.
Design, Synthesis, and Biological Evaluation of Two Series of Novel A-Ring Fused Steroidal Pyrazines as Potential Anticancer Agents.
An Overview of Crucial Dietary Substances and Their Modes of Action for Prevention of Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Beta3-Tubulin is Critical for Microtubule Dynamics, Cell Cycle Regulation, and Spontaneous Release of Microvesicles in Human Malignant Melanoma Cells (A375).
Erythropoietin-Induced Changes in Bone and Bone Marrow in Mouse Models of Diet-Induced Obesity.
The ArathEULS3 Lectin Ends up in Stress Granules and Can Follow an Unconventional Route for Secretion.
Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors in Esophageal Cancers: are we Finally Finding the Right Path in the Mist?
METTL3 Modulates Osteoclast Differentiation and Function by Controlling RNA Stability and Nuclear Export.
Comparative Analysis of miRNA Expression Profiles Between Heat-Tolerant and Heat-Sensitive Genotypes of Flowering Chinese Cabbage Under Heat Stress Using High-Throughput Sequencing.
Cell-Type Specific Metabolic Response of Cancer Cells to Curcumin.
Broad Protection of Pigs against Heterologous PRRSV Strains by a GP5-Mosaic DNA Vaccine Prime/GP5-Mosaic rVaccinia (VACV) Vaccine Boost.
miR-9-5p Inhibits Skeletal Muscle Satellite Cell Proliferation and Differentiation by Targeting IGF2BP3 through the IGF2-PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
Reclassifying Hepatic Cell Death during Liver Damage: Ferroptosis-A Novel Form of Non-Apoptotic Cell Death?
Sensor-Integrated Microfluidic Approaches for Liquid Biopsies Applications in Early Detection of Cancer.
Depletion of CD4 and CD8 Positive T Cells Impairs Venous Thrombus Resolution in Mice.
Nonsense Mutations in the Yeast SUP35 Gene Affect the [PSI+] Prion Propagation.
LPIAT, a lyso-Phosphatidylinositol Acyltransferase, Modulates Seed Germination in Arabidopsis thaliana through PIP Signalling Pathways and is Involved in Hyperosmotic Response.
Osteoporosis and the Potential of Cell-Based Therapeutic Strategies.
Uninterrupted Development of Two Aphid Species Belonging to Cinara Genus during Winter Diapause.
Extracellular Vesicles from Hyperammonemic Rats Induce Neuroinflammation and Motor Incoordination in Control Rats.
Glutathione-Allylsulfur Conjugates as Mesenchymal Stem Cells Stimulating Agents for Potential Applications in Tissue Repair.
Oral Microbes and Mucosal Dendritic Cells, "Spark and Flame" of Local and Distant Inflammatory Diseases.
mTOR-Related Cell-Clearing Systems in Epileptic Seizures, an Update.
Bioactive Glass (BG) ICIE16 Shows Promising Osteogenic Properties Compared to Crystallized 45S5-BG.
Upregulation of Thr/Tyr kinase Increases the Cancer Progression by Neurotensin and Dihydropyrimidinase-Like 3 in Lung Cancer.
Numerical and Experimental Analysis of Inhalation Airflow Dynamics in a Human Pharyngeal Airway.
Lactobacillus fermentum CECT5716 Supplementation in Rats during Pregnancy and Lactation Impacts Maternal and Offspring Lipid Profile, Immune System and Microbiota.
Novel Genetically Encoded Bright Positive Calcium Indicator NCaMP7 Based on the mNeonGreen Fluorescent Protein.
Machine Learning-Based Gully Erosion Susceptibility Mapping: A Case Study of Eastern India.
Electroactive 3D Printed Scaffolds Based on Percolated Composites of Polycaprolactone With Thermally Reduced Graphene Oxide for Antibacterial and Tissue Engineering Applications.
Interfacial Energetic Level Mapping and Nano-Ordering of Small Molecule/Fullerene Organic Solar Cells by Scanning Tunneling Microscopy and Spectroscopy.
Modulation of Adhesion Process, E-Selectin and VEGF Production by Anthocyanins and Their Metabolites in an in vitro Model of Atherosclerosis.
Urine-Derived Stem Cells: Applications in Regenerative and Predictive Medicine.
At the Crossroads of Apoptosis and Autophagy: Multiple Roles of the Co-Chaperone BAG3 in Stress and Therapy Resistance of Cancer.
Environmental UVR Levels and Skin Pigmentation Gene Variants Associated with Folate and Homocysteine Levels in an Elderly Cohort.
Protein Aggregation is Associated with Acinetobacter baumannii Desiccation Tolerance.
Standardization of Plant Microbiome Studies: Which Proportion of the Microbiota is Really Harvested?
Serological Survey of Lyssaviruses in Polish Bats in the Frame of Passive Rabies Surveillance Using an Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay.
In Silico and In Vitro Studies of Mycotoxins and Their Cocktails; Their Toxicity and Its Mitigation by Silibinin Pre-Treatment.
Consumption of an Oil Palm Fruit Extract Promotes Large Bowel Health in Rats.
The Role of Secretory Activity Molecules of Visceral Adipocytes in Abdominal Obesity in the Development of Cardiovascular Disease: A Review.
Simple Nanoparticles from the Assembly of Cationic Polymer and Antigen as Immunoadjuvants.
Selenite Cystine Agar for Enumeration of Inoculated Salmonella Serovars Recovered from Stressful Conditions During Antimicrobial Validation Studies.
How to Address the Adjuvant Effects of Nanoparticles on the Immune System.
Gametogenesis-Related Fluctuations in Ovothiol Levels in the Mantle of Mussels from Different Estuaries: Fighting Oxidative Stress for Spawning in Polluted Waters.
Characterization of the Dielectrophoretic Response of Different Candida Strains Using 3D Carbon Microelectrodes.
Computational Cancer Cell Models to Guide Precision Breast Cancer Medicine.
A Comprehensive Comparison of Bovine and Porcine Decellularized Pericardia: New Insights for Surgical Applications.
MIL-88A Metal-Organic Framework as a Stable Sulfur-host Cathode for Long-cycle Li-S Batteries.
Assessment of Prolonged Dengue Virus Infection in Dermal Fibroblasts and Hair-Follicle Dermal Papilla Cells.
Hear, Hear for Notch: Control of Cell Fates in the Inner Ear by Notch Signaling.
Effective Inhibition of Candidiasis Using an Eco-Friendly Leaf Extract of Calotropis-gigantean-Mediated Silver Nanoparticles.
A New NT4 Peptide-Based Drug Delivery System for Cancer Treatment.
One-Minute Synthesis of Size-Controlled Fucoidan-Gold Nanosystems: Antitumoral Activity and Dark Field Imaging.
Study on Absorption Mechanism and Tissue Distribution of Fucoidan.
Neuronal and Astrocytic Differentiation from Sanfilippo C Syndrome iPSCs for Disease Modeling and Drug Development.
Long Non-Coding RNA H19 Promotes Porcine Satellite Cell Differentiation by Interacting with TDP43.
Motor Neuron Generation from iPSCs from Identical Twins Discordant for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
PLAG Exerts Anti-Metastatic Effects by Interfering with Neutrophil Elastase/PAR2/EGFR Signaling in A549 Lung Cancer Orthotopic Model.
Aspirin Mitigated Tumor Growth in Obese Mice Involving Metabolic Inhibition.
Mitochondrial Structure and Function in the Metabolic Myopathy Accompanying Patients with Critical Limb Ischemia.
Human IgA Monoclonal Antibodies That Neutralize Poliovirus, Produced by Hybridomas and Recombinant Expression.
Antioxidant Capacity of Thistle (Cirsium japonicum) in Various Drying Methods and their Protection Effect on Neuronal PC12 Cells and Caenorhabditis elegans.
Recent Progress of Stem Cell Therapy in Cancer Treatment: Molecular Mechanisms and Potential Applications.
Exosomes are the Driving Force in Preparing the Soil for the Metastatic Seeds: Lessons from the Prostate Cancer.
Cross-Presenting XCR1+ Dendritic Cells as Targets for Cancer Immunotherapy.
Systematic Development and Optimization of Inhalable Pirfenidone Liposomes for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Treatment.
Alternative Cell Sources for Liver Parenchyma Repopulation: Where Do We Stand?
Advances in Research on the Bioactivity of Alginate Oligosaccharides.
Micro RNA Expression after Ingestion of Fucoidan; A Clinical Study.
Relationship between Heart Disease and Liver Disease: A Two-Way Street.
Administration of Steamed and Freeze-Dried Mature Silkworm Larval Powder Prevents Hepatic Fibrosis and Hepatocellular Carcinogenesis by Blocking TGF-beta/STAT3 Signaling Cascades in Rats.
Management Recommendations for Merkel Cell Carcinoma-A Danish Perspective.
Novel 2,4-Disubstituted-1,3-Thiazole Derivatives: Synthesis, Anti-Candida Activity Evaluation and Interaction with Bovine Serum Albumine.
The Role of Carcinogenesis-Related Biomarkers in the Wnt Pathway and Their Effects on Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition (EMT) in Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
The Role of High Fat Diets and Liver Peptidase Activity in the Development of Obesity and Insulin Resistance in Wistar Rats.
Telomeres and Telomere Length: A General Overview.
Physical Activity and Diet Shape the Immune System during Aging.
Does DNA Methylation Matter in FSHD?
mRNAsi Index: Machine Learning in Mining Lung Adenocarcinoma Stem Cell Biomarkers.
Prostaglandins Isolated from the Octocoral Plexaura homomalla: In Silico and In Vitro Studies Against Different Enzymes of Cancer.
Histone Post-Translational Modifications and CircRNAs in Mouse and Human Spermatozoa: Potential Epigenetic Marks to Assess Human Sperm Quality.
A New Human Blood-Retinal Barrier Model Based on Endothelial Cells, Pericytes, and Astrocytes.
Carbohydrate and Amino Acid Metabolism as Hallmarks for Innate Immune Cell Activation and Function.
Interactive Effect of Melatonin and UV-C on Phenylpropanoid Metabolite Production and Antioxidant Potential in Callus Cultures of Purple Basil (Ocimum basilicum L. var.s purpurascens).
Myeloid-Derived Suppressor Cells as a Therapeutic Target for Cancer.
Activation of JNK and p38 in MCF-7 Cells and the In Vitro Anticancer Activity of Alnus hirsuta Extract.
Enhancing the Thermo-Stability and Anti-Bacterium Activity of Lysozyme by Immobilization on Chitosan Nanoparticles.
Human Cytomegalovirus Infection Induces High Expression of Prolactin and Prolactin Receptors in Ovarian Cancer.
Alternatively Constructed Estrogen Receptor Alpha-Driven Super-Enhancers Result in Similar Gene Expression in Breast and Endometrial Cell Lines.
Proinflammatory Effect of Carbon-Based Nanomaterials: In Vitro Study on Stimulation of Inflammasome NLRP3 via Destabilisation of Lysosomes.
Commitment of Autologous Human Multipotent Stem Cells on Biomimetic Poly-L-lactic Acid-Based Scaffolds Is Strongly Influenced by Structure and Concentration of Carbon Nanomaterial.
Electrochemical Performance of Photovoltaic Cells using HDA Capped-SnS Nanocrystal from bis (N-1,4-Phenyl-N-Morpho-Dithiocarbamato) Sn(II) Complexes.
Rapid Room-Temperature Synthesis of Mesoporous TiO2 Sub-Microspheres and Their Enhanced Light Harvesting in Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells.
Genotoxicity of TiO2 Nanoparticles in Four Different Human Cell Lines (A549, HEPG2, A172 and SH-SY5Y).
Impact of the Cathode Pt Loading on PEMFC Contamination by Several Airborne Contaminants.
Effect of DHT-Induced Hyperandrogenism on the Pro-Inflammatory Cytokines in a Rat Model of Polycystic Ovary Morphology.
The Influence of Diet Containing Wheat Gluten Supplemented with Dipeptides or Amino Acids on the Morphology of White Muscle of Yellow Perch (Perca flavescens).
Foreword Special Issue Cell Cycle and Regulation.
In-Vitro Cell Culture for Efficient Assessment of Mycotoxin Exposure, Toxicity and Risk Mitigation.
Oxidative Stress and Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Are Involved in the Protective Effect of Alpha Lipoic Acid Against Heat Damage in Chicken Testes.
NIR Laser-Responsive PNIPAM and Gold Nanorod Composites for the Engineering of Thermally Reactive Drug Delivery Nanomedicine.
Antiviral Action of Tryptanthrin Isolated from Strobilanthes cusia Leaf against Human Coronavirus NL63.
Exposure to CuO Nanoparticles Mediates NFkappaB Activation and Enhances Amyloid Precursor Protein Expression.
Antibodies for Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis Virus Protect Embryoid Bodies from Chikungunya Virus.
Zika Virus-Induction of the Suppressor of Cytokine Signaling 1/3 Contributes to the Modulation of Viral Replication.
Supercoiling, R-loops, Replication and the Functions of Bacterial Type 1A Topoisomerases.
RNA-Sequencing Analyses of Small Bacterial RNAs and their Emergence as Virulence Factors in Host-Pathogen Interactions.
Characterization of a Versatile Plant Growth-Promoting Rhizobacterium Pseudomonas mediterranea Strain S58.
Characterization of Two Neutralizing Antibodies against Rift Valley Fever Virus Gn Protein.
3-Aryl-4-nitrobenzothiochromans S,S-dioxide: From Calcium-Channel Modulators Properties to Multidrug-Resistance Reverting Activity.
Simultaneously Quantifying Both Young \' s Modulus and Specific Membrane Capacitance of Bladder Cancer Cells with Different Metastatic Potential.
Adipocytes in Breast Cancer, the Thick and the Thin.
Short-Term Responses to Fatty Acids on Lipid Metabolism and Adipogenesis in Rainbow Trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
Inhibition of Virus-Induced Cytokine Production from Airway Epithelial Cells by the Late Addition of Budesonide.
Biogenic Gold Nanoparticles as Potent Antibacterial and Antibiofilm Nano-Antibiotics against Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Hypermethylation of UCHL1 Promotes Metastasis of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma by Suppressing Degradation of Cortactin (CTTN).
Allies or Enemies: The Role of Reactive Oxygen Species in Developmental Processes of Black Cottonwood (Populus trichocarpa).
Isoform-Specific Lysine Methylation of RORalpha2 by SETD7 Is Required for Association of the TIP60 Coactivator Complex in Prostate Cancer Progression.
Proteomic Analyses of Human Sperm Cells: Understanding the Role of Proteins and Molecular Pathways Affecting Male Reproductive Health.
Src Inhibition Attenuates Liver Fibrosis by Preventing Hepatic Stellate Cell Activation and Decreasing Connetive Tissue Growth Factor.
In Vitro Generation of Oocyte Like Cells and Their In Vivo Efficacy: How Far We have been Succeeded.
SIRT1 Mediates Melatonin \' s Effects on Microglial Activation in Hypoxia: In Vitro and In Vivo Evidence.
Lupenone Protects Neuroblastoma SH-SY5y Cells Against Methamphetamine-Induced Apoptotic Cell Death via PI3K/Akt/mTOR Signaling Pathway.
Evaluation of the Genotoxic and Oxidative Damage Potential of Silver Nanoparticles in Human NCM460 and HCT116 Cells.
A Facile One-Pot Synthesis of Versatile PEGylated Platinum Nanoflowers and Their Application in Radiation Therapy.
Antiwrinkle and Antimelanogenesis Effects of Tyndallized Lactobacillus acidophilus KCCM12625P.
Oxidative Stress and Antioxidant Status in High-Risk Prostate Cancer Subjects.
Light-Mediated Control over TRPC3-Mediated NFAT Signaling.
Phylogenetic Distribution, Ultrastructure, and Function of Bacterial Flagellar Sheaths.
Autophagic Inhibition via Lysosomal Integrity Dysfunction Leads to Antitumor Activity in Glioma Treatment.
A novel Approach for Non-Invasive Lung Imaging and Targeting Lung Immune Cells.
Nano-Zn Increased Zn Accumulation and Triglyceride Content by Up-Regulating Lipogenesis in Freshwater Teleost, Yellow Catfish Pelteobagrus fulvidraco.
Integration of Rap1 and Calcium Signaling.
Long-Term Effect against Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus of Emodin Released from Coaxial Electrospinning Nanofiber Membranes with a Biphasic Profile.
Organosoluble Starch-Cellulose Binary Polymer Blend as a Quasi-Solid Electrolyte in a Dye-Sensitized Solar Cell.
Photodynamic Therapy-Based Dendritic Cell Vaccination Suited to Treat Peritoneal Mesothelioma.
Characterization of Haemonchus contortus Excretory/Secretory Antigen (ES-15) and Its Modulatory Functions on Goat Immune Cells In Vitro.
Walnut Polyphenol Extract Protects against Malathion- and Chlorpyrifos-Induced Immunotoxicity by Modulating TLRx-NOX-ROS.
Non-Surgical Cancer Risk Reduction in BRCA1 Mutation Carriers: Disabling the Remote Control.
Sphere-Forming Culture for Expanding Genetically Distinct Patient-Derived Glioma Stem Cells by Cellular Growth Rate Screening.
Protective Effect of Low-Molecular-Weight Fucoidan on Radiation-Induced Fibrosis Through TGF-beta1/Smad Pathway-Mediated Inhibition of Collagen I Accumulation.
Synthesis and Properties of Phosphoric-Acid-Doped Polybenzimidazole with Hyperbranched Cross-Linkers Decorated with Imidazolium Groups as High-Temperature Proton Exchange Membranes.
Alterations in Glucose Metabolism During the Transition to Heart Failure: The Contribution of UCP-2.
Protein Kinase C Isozymes and Autophagy during Neurodegenerative Disease Progression.
Cyclooxygenases Inhibitors Efficiently Induce Cardiomyogenesis in Human Pluripotent Stem Cells.
Cancer Stem Cells: Devil or Savior-Looking behind the Scenes of Immunotherapy Failure.
Milk Fat Globule-Epidermal Growth Factor VIII Ameliorates Brain Injury in the Subacute Phase of Cerebral Ischemia in an Animal Model.
Asymmetric cell division from a cell to cells: Shape, length, and location of polarity domain.
[Nutrition in Cancer: Effective in Prevention and Treatment?]
Derivation of a metabolic signature associated with bacterial meningitis in infants.
Brain inflammation and injury at 48 h is not altered by human amnion epithelial cells in ventilated preterm lambs.
Advanced glycation end products facilitate the proliferation and reduce early apoptosis of cardiac microvascular endothelial cells via PKCbeta signaling pathway: Insight from diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Induced cell migration based on a bio-active hydrogel sheet combined with a perfused microfluidic system.
The PGC-1alpha/NRF1/miR-378a axis protects vascular smooth muscle cells from FFA-induced proliferation, migration and inflammation in atherosclerosis.
Calcitriol inhibits lipopolysaccharide-induced proliferation, migration and invasion of prostate cancer cells through suppressing STAT3 signal activation.
IL-27 impact on NK cells activity: Implication for a robust anti-tumor response in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Essential characterisation of human papillomavirus positive head and neck cancer cell lines.
The pyrin inflammasome in host-microbe interactions.
Methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase and methionine synthase gene polymorphisms as genetic determinants of pre-eclampsia.
CO-mediated cytoprotection is dependent on cell metabolism modulation.
Inflammatory Infiltrate and Angiogenesis in Mantle Cell Lymphoma.
Fluorinated derivatives of 2-phenyl-3-hydroxy-4(1H)-quinolinone as tubulin polymerization inhibitors.
Polymer/enzyme-modified HF-etched carbon nanoelectrodes for single-cell analysis.
Sequential delivery of nanoformulated alpha-mangostin and triptolide overcomes permeation obstacles and improves therapeutic effects in pancreatic cancer.
Targeted melanoma radiotherapy using ultrasmall 177Lu-labeled alpha-melanocyte stimulating hormone-functionalized core-shell silica nanoparticles.
Cholesterol-modified DP7 enhances the effect of individualized cancer immunotherapy based on neoantigens.
Imaging manifestations of immune-related adverse effects in checkpoint inhibitor therapies: A primer for the radiologist.
Tubulin Polymerization Promoting Protein (TPPP) gene methylation and corpus callosum measures in maltreated children.
Co-occurring WARS2 and CHRNA6 mutations in a child with a severe form of infantile parkinsonism.
Designing a potent L1 protein-based HPV peptide vaccine: A bioinformatics approach.
A diaminomaleonitrile-appended BODIPY chemosensor for the selective detection of Cu2+ via oxidative cyclization and imaging in SiHa cells and zebrafish.
Doxorubicin, paclitaxel, and cisplatin based chemotherapy for the treatment of angiosarcoma: Two case reports.
Heterologous expression of wheat WRKY transcription factor genes transcriptionally activated in hybrid necrosis strains alters abiotic and biotic stress tolerance in transgenic Arabidopsis.
LPS induces ALOX5 promoter activation and 5-lipoxygenase expression in human monocytic cells.
Effects of gestational Perfluorooctane Sulfonate exposure on the developments of fetal and adult Leydig cells in F1 males.
Impact of polystyrene nanoparticles on marine diatom Skeletonema marinoi chain assemblages and consequences on their ecological role in marine ecosystems.
Sodium aescinate significantly suppress postoperative peritoneal adhesion by inhibiting the RhoA/ROCK signaling pathway.
Dihydroquercetin protects against renal fibrosis by activating the Nrf2 pathway.
Decreased striatal vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) expression in a type 1 diabetic rat model: A longitudinal study using micro-PET/CT.
Calcium signaling in interdental cells during the critical developmental period of the mouse cochlea.
Biological process for coproduction of hydrogen and thermophilic enzymes during CO fermentation.
PD-L1 expression and T cells infiltration in patients with uncommon EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer and the response to immunotherapy.
Stable and discriminating radiomic predictor of recurrence in early stage non-small cell lung cancer: Multi-site study.
Stereotatic radiotherapy in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer: Combining immunotherapy and radiotherapy with a focus on liver metastases.
A novel approach of accurately rationing adsorbent for capturing pollutants via chemistry calculation: Rationing the mass of CaCO3 to capture Br-containing substances in the pyrolysis of nonmetallic particles of waste printed circuit boards.
The mechanism of chelator improved the tolerance and accumulation of poplar to Cd explored through differential expression protein based on iTRAQ.
Synthesis of biosurfactant stabilized silver nanoparticles, characterization and their potential application for bactericidal purposes.
Sodium/calcium exchanger as main effector of endogenous neuroprotection elicited by ischemic tolerance.
A trio has turned into a quartet: DJ-1 interacts with the IP3R-Grp75-VDAC complex to control ER-mitochondria interaction.
Maternal dietary fatty acids and their roles in human placental development.
Relationship between body conditions and environmental contaminants in bovine ovarian cells.
Enhancement radiation-induced apoptosis in C6 glioma tumor-bearing rats via pH-responsive magnetic graphene oxide nanocarrier.
A gastric cancer cell derived extracellular compounds suppresses CD161+CD3- lymphocytes and aggravates tumor formation in a syngeneic mouse model.
Proteomics analysis reveals the defense priming effect of chitosan oligosaccharides in Arabidopsis-Pst DC3000 interaction.
Bioconjugates of Co(III) complexes with Schiff base ligands and cell penetrating peptides: Solid phase synthesis, characterization and antiproliferative activity.
Biotechnological approach to induce human fibroblast apoptosis using superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles.
Glycodelin is internalized by peripheral monocytes.
The uterine immunological changes may be responsible for repeated implantation failure.
TMT-based proteomics analysis of the anti-hepatocellular carcinoma effect of combined dihydroartemisinin and sorafenib.
The RB gene family controls the maturation state of the EndoC-betaH2 human pancreatic beta-cells.
Effective degradation of Di-n-butyl phthalate by reusable, magnetic Fe3O4 nanoparticle-immobilized Pseudomonas sp. W1 and its application in simulation.
Challenges of aqueous per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) and their foreseeable removal strategies.
The effect of bioaugmentation with Exiguobacterium sp. AO-11 on crude oil removal and the bacterial community in sediment microcosms, and the development of a liquid ready-to-use inoculum.
Enhanced bioactive compound production in broccoli cells due to coronatine and methyl jasmonate is linked to antioxidative metabolism.
Targeting AKT/PKB to improve treatment outcomes for solid tumors.
WEE1 kinase limits CDK activities to safeguard DNA replication and mitotic entry.
Metastases to the central nervous system: Molecular basis and clinical considerations.
Microbial corrosion of initial perforation on abandoned pipelines in wet soil containing sulfate-reducing bacteria.
A comparative analysis of detachment forces and energies in initial and mature cell-material interaction.
A three-dimensional self-standing Mo2C/nitrogen-doped graphene aerogel: Enhancement hydrogen production from landfill leachate wastewater in MFCs-AEC coupled system.
Adjuvant contributes Roundup \' s unexpected effects on A549 cells.
Alterations in viability and CYP1A1 expression in SH SY5Y cell line by pollutants present in Madin Dam, Mexico.
Treatment of isopropanol wastewater in an anaerobic fluidized bed microbial fuel cell filled with macroporous adsorptive resin as multifunctional biocarrier.
Sepsis-induced encephalopathy impairs descending nociceptive pathways in rats.
Modulation of LPS-induced inflammation in RAW264.7 murine cells by novel isoflavonoids from Millettia pulchra.
Discovery of specific HDAC6 inhibitor with anti-metastatic effects in pancreatic cancer cells through virtual screening and biological evaluation.
Synthesis of novel feruloyl dipeptides with proapoptotic potential against different cancer cell lines.
Antiproliferative activity of cycloalkanecarboxamide derivatives possessing sulfonate or sulfamate moiety.
Extensive investigation of benzylic N-containing substituents on the pyrrolopyrimidine skeleton as Akt inhibitors with potent anticancer activity.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of a novel tubulin inhibitor SKLB0565 targeting the colchicine binding site.
Overview of recent developments of pyrazole derivatives as an anticancer agent in different cell line.
alpha-Synuclein Translocates to the Nucleus to Activate Retinoic-Acid-Dependent Gene Transcription.
Regulatory T cell expansion resolves after effective strongyloidiasis treatment in subjects with HTLV-1 co-infection.
The change of gravity vector induces short-term phosphoproteomic alterations in Arabidopsis.
Treatment of hepatitis D, an unmet medical need.
Dysbindin promotes pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma metastasis by activating NF-kappaB/MDM2 via miR-342-3p.
HPV+ HNSCC-Derived Exosomal miR-9 Induces Macrophage M1 Polarization and Increases Tumor Radiosensitivity.
Ectopic HOTTIP Expression Induces Noncanonical Transactivation Pathways to Promote Growth and Invasiveness in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
IGFBP2 regulates PD-L1 expression by activating the EGFR-STAT3 signaling pathway in malignant melanoma.
A novel beta-cyclodextrin-rhein conjugate for improving the water solubility and bioavailability of rhein.
Mass spectrometry in combination with a chiral column and multichannel-MRM allows comprehensive analysis of glycosphingolipid molecular species from mouse brain.
Structural and mechanistic insights into the Keap1-Nrf2 system as a route to drug discovery.
Carotenoids and carotenoid conversion products in adipose tissue biology and obesity: Pre-clinical and human studies.
CD27 antigen negative expression indicates poor prognosis in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma.
Germline stem cell aging in the Drosophila ovary.
High-fat diet induces dry eye-like ocular surface damages in murine.
Corrigendum to  \' Conjunctival goblet cells: Ocular surface functions, disorders that affect them, and the potential for their regeneration \' . The Ocular Surface. 18 (2019): 19-26.
The Lymphangiogenic and Hemangiogenic Privilege of the Human Sclera.
The adrenal cortex after estradiol or daidzein application in a rat model of the andropause: structural and hormonal study.
Nameless in anatomy, but famous among surgeons: The so called "deltotrapezoid fascia".
Microfluidic chip for culturing intestinal epithelial cell layers: Characterization and comparison of drug transport between dynamic and static models.
Characterization of cytotoxic effects of aristolochic acids on the vascular endothelium.
MANF delivery improves retinal homeostasis and cell replacement therapies in ageing mice.
Immuno-informatics approach to design a multi-epitope vaccine to combat Cytomegalovirus infection.
Pan-HDAC inhibitor panobinostat, as a single agent or in combination with PI3K inhibitor, induces apoptosis in APL cells: an emerging approach to overcome MSC-induced resistance.
Evaluation of the epigenetic alterations and gene expression levels of HepG2 cells exposed to zearalenone and alpha-zearalenol.
Automated separation of diffusely abnormal white matter from focal white matter lesions on MRI in multiple sclerosis.
Compromised immune/inflammatory responses in Rett syndrome.
Characterization and preclinical evaluation of the cGMP grade DNA based vaccine, AV-1959D to enter the first-in-human clinical trials.
Physically-Plausible Modelling of Biomolecular Systems: A Simplified, Energy-Based Model of the Mitochondrial Electron Transport Chain.
A modeling platform for the lymphatic system.
Liraglutide Regulates Bone Destruction and Exhibits Anti-inflammatory Effects in Periodontitis In vitro and In vivo.
Transcriptomics and proteomics analysis of system-level mechanisms in the liver of apigenin-treated fibrotic rats.
Mangiferin exert cardioprotective and anti-apoptotic effects in heart failure induced rats.
lncRNA PCAT18 inhibits proliferation, migration and invasion of gastric cancer cells through miR-135b suppression to promote CLDN11 expression.
Characterization of chromosome organization in the differentiation of acute myeloid leukemia cells by all-trans retinoic acid.
Temporal dynamics of infection of cockles Cerastoderma edule with the protistan parasite Minchinia tapetis (Rhizaria: Haplosporida) in Galicia (NW Spain).
A peptide inhibitor of macrophage migration in atherosclerosis purified from the leech Whitmania pigra.
Inhibitory activity of biofunctionalized silver-capped N-methylated water-soluble chitosan thiomer for microbial and biofilm infections.
H-type lectins - Structural characteristics and their applications in diagnostics, analytics and drug delivery.
Modulation of long-term and short-term plasticity in the dentate gyrus granule cells by activating the beta-Adrenergic receptors of the Basolateral Amygdala.
Role of fibrillin-2 in the control of TGF-beta activation in tumor angiogenesis and connective tissue disorders.
Mechanisms that drive telomere maintenance and recombination in human cancers.
Thiol-mediated and catecholamine-enhanced multimerization of a cerebrovascular disease enriched fragment of NOTCH3.
Optimisation of template preparation and laboratory evaluation of the Loopamp  Trypanosoma brucei kit for detection of parasite DNA in blood.
Biosynthesis of Functional Polyhydroxyalkanoates by Engineered Halomonas bluephagenesis.
Reducing MRI Susceptibility Artefacts in Implants Using Additively Manufactured Porous Ti-6Al-4V Structures.
An in vitro hyaluronic acid hydrogel based platform to model dormancy in brain metastatic breast cancer cells.
Role of rockfish (Sebastes schlegelii) glutaredoxin 1 in innate immunity, and alleviation of cellular oxidative stress: Insights into localization, molecular characteristics, transcription, and function.
Long Non-Coding RNA MALAT1 as a Key Target in Pathogenesis of Glioblastoma. Janus Faces or Achilles \'  Heal?
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-coactivator 1-beta (PGC-1beta) modulates the expression of genes involved in adipogenesis during preadipocyte differentiation.
Phosphodiesterases PDE2A and PDE10A both change mRNA expression in the human brain with age, but only PDE2A changes in a region-specific manner with psychiatric disease.
In vitro effects of glyphosate-based herbicides and related adjuvants on primary culture of hemocytes from Haliotis tuberculata.
The gene regulatory control of sea urchin gastrulation.
Phenotypic comparison and DNA sequencing analysis of a wild-type and a pediocin-resistant mutant of Listeria ivanovii.
Editorial: Hormone release patterns in mammals.
Reproducible quantification of IgG uptake at endogenous and overexpressed FcRn levels at pH 7.4: Comparison of a wild type IgG and a stronger FcRn binding variant.
Nuclear actin regulates cell proliferation and migration via inhibition of SRF and TEAD.
Biolistic transfection and expression analysis of acute cortical slices.
Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoproteins participate in Hepatitis E virus (HEV) replication.
Differential Effects of the 1,25D3-MARRS Receptor (ERp57/PDIA3) on Murine Mammary Gland Development Depend on the Vitamin D3 Dose.
The polyamine putrescine promotes human epidermal melanogenesis.
Involvement of p53 acetylation in growth suppression of Cutaneous T-cell lymphomas induced by HDAC inhibition.
Induction of oxidative stress as a possible mechanism by which geraniol affects the proliferation of human A549 and HepG2 tumor cells.
Thiophene-thiosemicarbazone derivative (L10) exerts antifungal activity mediated by oxidative stress and apoptosis in C. albicans.
SLC26A7 protein is a chloride/bicarbonate exchanger and its abundance is osmolarity- and pH-dependent in renal epithelial cells.
Non-oxidative band-3 clustering agents cause the externalization of phosphatidylserine on erythrocyte surfaces by a calcium-independent mechanism.
Glycopeptide variable window SWATH for improved Data Independent Acquisition glycoprotein analysis.
Altered circadian clock as a novel therapeutic target for constant darkness-induced insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism of polycystic ovary syndrome.
Participation of CXCL1 in the glial cells during neuropathic pain.
Epigenetics/Epigenomics of Triterpenoids in Cancer Prevention and in Health.
Chemogenetics a Robust Approach to Pharmacology and Gene Therapy.
Chromatin accessibility and histone acetylation in the regulation of competence in early development.
Swimming Against the Current: MAIT Cell Function Is Preserved in the Peritoneum of Advanced Liver Disease Patients.
Grape Seed Extracts Inhibit the Overexpression of Inflammatory Cytokines in Mouse Retinas and ARPE-19 Cells: Potentially Useful Dietary Supplement for Age-Related Eye Dysfunction.
Protective Effects of Radish Extract Against Neurotoxicity in Mice and PC12 Cells.
Concurrent Hospice Care and Cancer-Directed Treatment for Advanced Lung Cancer and Receipt of Aggressive Care at the End of Life in the Veteran \' s Health Administration.
Novel Imaging Modalities Shedding Light on Plant Biology: Start Small and Grow Big.
The Long Journey from Diagnosis to Therapy.
Circ_0000388 Exerts Oncogenic Function in Cervical Cancer Cells by Regulating miR-337-3p/TCF12 Axis.
Swine Disease Models for Optimal Vascular Engineering.
Comparative Analysis of PFOS and PFOA Toxicity on Sertoli Cells.
Rational Design of Small Molecules to Enhance Genome Editing Efficiency by Selectively Targeting Distinct Functional States of CRISPR-Cas12a.
Excellent Moisture Stability and Efficiency of Inverted All-inorganic CsPbIBr2 Perovskite Solar Cells through Molecule Interface Engineering.
Yeast Surface Display System for Facilitated Production and Application of Phage Endolysin.
SARI prevents ocular angiogenesis and inflammation in mice.
SIRT3 deficiency delays diabetic skin wound healing via oxidative stress and necroptosis enhancement.
Enzyme-Instructed Assemblies Enable Mitochondria Localization of Histone H2B in Cancer Cells.
Adult osteosclerotic metaphyseal dysplasia with progressive osteonecrosis of the jaws and abnormal bone resorption pattern due to a LRRK1 splice site mutation.
Daily Preventive Zinc Supplementation Decreases Lymphocyte and Eosinophil Concentrations in Rural Laotian Children from Communities with a High Prevalence of Zinc Deficiency: Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Interleukin-37b inhibits the growth of murine endometriosis-like lesions by regulating proliferation, invasion, angiogenesis and inflammation.
Human megakaryocytic microparticles induce de novo platelet biogenesis in a wild-type murine model.
African green monkeys avoid SIV disease progression by preventing intestinal dysfunction and maintaining mucosal barrier integrity.
Antibiotic interactions shape short-term evolution of resistance in E. faecalis.
Prevalence of inclusion body disease and associated comorbidity in captive collections of boid and pythonid snakes in Belgium.
Efficient immortalization of human dental pulp stem cells with expression of cell cycle regulators with the intact chromosomal condition.
Angiotensin II promotes podocyte injury by activating Arf6-Erk1/2-Nox4 signaling pathway.
Inhibition of livin overcomes radioresistance in nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells.
Triploidy in zebrafish larvae: Effects on gene expression, cell size and cell number, growth, development and swimming performance.
Correlation between histogram-based DCE-MRI parameters and 18F-FDG PET values in oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma: Evaluation in primary tumors and metastatic nodes.
Effect of climate and geography on worldwide fine resolution economic activity.
Apolipoprotein E regulates the maturation of injury-induced adult-born hippocampal neurons following traumatic brain injury.
Variability in protein cargo detection in technical and biological replicates of exosome-enriched extracellular vesicles.
Abnormal keratinocyte differentiation in the nasal planum of Labrador Retrievers with hereditary nasal parakeratosis (HNPK).
Discontinuous transcription of ribosomal DNA in human cells.
Polarized lung inflammation and tie2/angiopoietin-mediated endothelial dysfunction during severe orientia tsutsugamushi infection.
Plasmodium vivax transcriptional profiling of low input cryopreserved isolates through the intraerythrocytic development cycle.
Modular analysis of the control of flagellar Ca2+-spike trains produced by CatSper and CaV channels in sea urchin sperm.
Model-based analysis of response and resistance factors of cetuximab treatment in gastric cancer cell lines.
Downregulation of miR-33 Has Protective Effect Against Abeta25-35-Induced Injury in SH-SH-SY5Y Cells.
Wu Mei Wan attenuates CAC by regulating gut microbiota and the NF-kB/IL6-STAT3 signaling pathway.
C9orf72 arginine-rich dipeptide repeat proteins disrupt karyopherin-mediated nuclear import.
Mannose receptor is an HIV restriction factor counteracted by Vpr in macrophages.
Extracellular Vesicles of Stem Cells to Prevent BRONJ.
Upregulation of PACE4 in Prostate Cancer is not dependent on E2F Transcription Factors.
Lighting Up Live-Cell and In Vivo Central Carbon Metabolism with Genetically Encoded Fluorescent Sensors.
Endothelin-1 (ET-1) Promotes a Proinflammatory Microglia Phenotype in Diabetic Conditions.
Resistive-Pulse Sensing Inside Single Living Cells.
Stem Cell-Derived Endothelial Cell Model that Responds to Tobacco Smoke Like Primary Endothelial Cells.
Built-In Catalysis in Confined Nanoreactors for High-Loading Li-S Batteries.
IgA targeting on N-terminal moiety of viral phosphoprotein prevents measles virus from evading interferon beta signaling.
In Situ Photocatalysis of TiO-porphyrin Encapsulated Nanosystem for Highly Efficient Oxidative Damage against Hypoxic Tumors.
A Cell-Phone-Based Acoustofluidic Platform for Quantitative Point-of-Care Testing.
Lanthanide Grafted Bipyridine Periodic Mesoporous Organosilicas (BPy-PMOs) for Physiological Range and Wide Temperature Range Luminescence Thermometry.
Engineering a Proximity-Directed O-GlcNAc Transferase for Selective Protein O-GlcNAcylation in Cells.
Different culture method changing CD105 expression in amniotic fluid MSCs without affecting differentiation ability or immune function.
Impact of sperm characteristics on time-lapse embryo morphokinetic parameters and clinical outcome of conventional IVF.
Curcumol attenuates liver sinusoidal endothelial cell angiogenesis via regulating Glis-PROX1-HIF-1alpha in liver fibrosis.
C-X-C motif chemokine receptor 4 aggravates renal fibrosis through activating JAK/STAT/GSK3beta/beta-catenin pathway.
Cooling and immunomodulation for treating hypoxic-ischemic brain injury.
Long noncoding RNA LINC00630 promotes radio-resistance by regulating BEX1 gene methylation in colorectal cancer cells.
Epstein-Barr virus positive gastric cancer involves enhancer activation through ATF3.
Elective neck dissection for salvage total laryngectomy - a systematic review, meta-analysis and "decision-to-treat" approach.
Overview of computational models of hippocampus and related structures: Introduction to the special issue.
Assessment of surgical tumor-free resection margins in fresh squamous-cell carcinoma resection specimens of the tongue using a clinical MRI system.
l -asparaginase Production and Enhancement by Sarocladium strictum: In vitro Evaluation of Anti-Cancerous Properties.
Imaging in gynecological disease: ultrasound features of malignant ovarian yolk sac tumors (endodermal sinus tumors).
An alternative mechanism of early nodal clustering and myelination onset in GABAergic neurons of the central nervous system.
Mitochondria-targeted Plasmonic Spiky Nanorods Augments the Clearance of Senescent Cell in Vivo.
Malignant cutaneous tumors of the scalp: always remember to examine the head.
The presence of CC chemokines and their aberrant role in the porcine corpus luteum.
Preconditioning with lidocaine and xylazine in experimental equine jejunal ischaemia.
Impact of graft-versus-host disease and graft-versus-leukemia effect based on minimal residual disease in Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Mutational and transcriptomic landscapes of a rare human prostate basal cell carcinoma.
Population Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Ontamalimab (SHP647), a Fully Human Monoclonal Antibody Against Mucosal Addressin Cell Adhesion Molecule-1 (MAdCAM-1), in Patients With Ulcerative Colitis or Crohn \' s Disease.
The intrinsic cell type-specific excitatory connectivity of the developing mouse subiculum is sufficient to generate synchronous epileptiform activity.
Effect of Statins on the Risk of Extrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma.
Holocephalan (Chondrichthyes) dental plates with hypermineralized dentine as a substitute for missing teeth through developmental plasticity.
A VIT-like transporter facilitates iron transport into nodule symbiosomes for nitrogen fixation in soybean.
Feasibility of a trial to evaluate nicotinamide for chemoprevention of skin cancers in organ transplant recipients in the UK.
Deciphering UV-induced DNA Damage Responses to Prevent and Treat Skin Cancer.
Evaluation of Combined Artificial Intelligence and Radiologist Assessment to Interpret Screening Mammograms.
Skeletal Toxicity of Coplanar Polychlorinated Biphenyl Congener 126 in the Rat is Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor-Dependent.
Histoplasma capsulatum chemotypes I and II induce IL-8 secretion in lung epithelial cells in distinct manners.
Isolation of highly selective IgNAR variable single-domains against a human therapeutic Fc scaffold and their application as tailor-made bioprocessing reagents.
V-SVA: an R Shiny application for detecting and annotating hidden sources of variation in single cell RNA-seq data.
scRMD: Imputation for single cell RNA-seq data via robust matrix decomposition.
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) activates the NOTCH1 signaling pathway through E-proteins in endometriotic lesions.
Breeze: an integrated quality control and data analysis application for high-throughput drug screening.
An absolute human stemness index associated with oncogenic dedifferentiation.
One-pot synthesis of heterodimeric agonists that activate the canonical Wnt signaling pathway.
Particle engulfment by strongly asymmetric membranes with area reservoirs.
Molecular dynamics simulations reveal distinct differences in conformational dynamics and thermodynamics between the unliganded and CD4-bound states of HIV-1 gp120.
Enhanced regeneration of osteochondral defects by using an aggrecanase-1 responsively degradable and N-cadherin mimetic peptide-conjugated hydrogel loaded with BMSCs.
Intelligent frequency-shifted optofluidic time-stretch quantitative phase imaging.
In vitro monitoring of photoinduced necrosis in HeLa cells using digital holographic microscopy and machine learning.
Analysis of the hemostatic therapy in liver transplantation guided by rotational thromboelastometry or conventional laboratory tests.
Electron Microscopic Features of Canalicular Concretions.
Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma of the Eyelid Can Locally Recur and Mimic Basal Cell Carcinoma: Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Multidrug-Resistant Escherichia coli Canaliculitis.
Pilosebaceous Malignant Transformation of Dermoid Cyst in the Orbit.
Metastatic Squamous Cell Lung Carcinoma to the Optic Nerve Sheath Mimicking Retrobulbar Optic Neuritis.
Neonatal Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
MASSIVE TRANSFUSION AND THE RESPONSE TO PREHOSPITAL PLASMA: IT IS ALL IN HOW YOU DEFINE IT.
Extended Treatment With Mesenchymal Stromal Cells-Frankfurt am Main (MSC-FFM, Obnitix) in a Pediatric Patient With Steroid-refractory Acute Gastrointestinal Graft-Versus-Host Disease (GVHD): Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Retinal Vessel Analysis as a Novel Screening Tool to Identify Childhood Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Survivors at Risk of Cardiovascular Disease.
Primary IgA-mediated Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia in an Infant Successfully Treated With Rituximab.
Extreme delta brush patterns guide the complex motor phenomenon of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis: A case report.
Willingness to pay for a quality-adjusted life year among advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients in Viet Nam, 2018.
The epithelioid gastrointestinal stromal tumor with pulmonary metastasis: A rare case report and literature review.
Incidence of hepatitis B virus infection among human immunodeficiency virus-infected treatment naive adults in Botswana.
Hematological indices as indicators of silent inflammation in achalasia patients: A cross-sectional study.
Application of computed tomography, positron emission tomography-computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, endobronchial ultrasound, and mediastinoscopy in the diagnosis of mediastinal lymph node staging of non-small-cell lung cancer: A protocol for a systematic review.
No-reflow phenomenon during percutaneous coronary intervention in a patient with polycythemia vera: A case report.
Age, absolute CD4 count, and CD4 percentage in relation to HPV infection and the stage of cervical disease in HIV-1-positive women.
Overexpression of miR-17 is correlated with liver metastasis in colorectal cancer.
Role of autoimmune hemolytic anemia as an initial indicator for chronic myeloid leukemia: A case report.
Angiolymphatic invasion and absence of koilocytosis predict lymph node metastasis in penile cancer patients and might justify prophylactic lymphadenectomy.
Clinical effects of hemoperfusion combined with pulse high-volume hemofiltration on septic shock.
The outcome of human mosaic aneuploid blastocysts after intrauterine transfer: A retrospective study.
The prognostic role of Ki-67/MIB-1 in meningioma: A systematic review with meta-analysis.
A case report of sinusoidal diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in a STK4 deficient patient.
The Third Annual Thomas S. Tenforde Topical Lecture HPS Ask the Experts: The Most Intriguing Questions and Answers.
Corneal Epithelial "Neuromas": A Case of Mistaken Identity?
Single-cell RNA sequencing data suggest a role for angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 in kidney impairment in patients infected with 2019-nCoV.
Persistence and clearance of viral RNA in 2019 novel coronavirus disease rehabilitation patients.
Evaluation of Auricular Cartilage Reconstruction Using a 3-Dimensional Printed Biodegradable Scaffold and Autogenous Minced Auricular Cartilage.
Genetic Basis of Extramedullary Plasmablastic Transformation of Multiple Myeloma.
Insulinoma-associated Protein 1 (INSM1) Is a Better Marker for the Diagnosis and Prognosis Estimation of Small Cell Lung Carcinoma Than Neuroendocrine Phenotype Markers Such as Chromogranin A, Synaptophysin, and CD56.
Addition of Bone Marrow Stem Cells Therapy Achieves Better Clinical Outcomes and Lower Rates of Disease Progression Compared With Core Decompression Alone for Early Stage Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
CORR Insights : Does a Reduced Number of Muscle Stem Cells Impair the Addition of Sarcomeres and Recovery from a Skeletal Muscle Contracture? A Transgenic Mouse Model.
CORR Insights : Did Osteoblastic Cell Therapy Improve the Prognosis of Pre-fracture Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head? A Randomized Controlled Trial.
The multifaceted role of ischemia/reperfusion in sickle cell anemia.
Senescent T cells within suppressive tumor microenvironments: emerging target for tumor immunotherapy.
A novel role for lipoxin A4 in driving a lymph node-eye axis that controls autoimmunity to the neuroretina.
Enhanced ER-associated degradation of HMG CoA reductase causes embryonic lethality associated with Ubiad1 deficiency.
A protein quality control pathway at the mitochondrial outer membrane.
Intravenous Tranexamic Acid Decreases Blood Transfusion in Off-Pump Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery: A Meta-analysis.
Surgical Treatment Strategy with Combined Cardiopulmonary Bypass for Renal Cell Carcinoma with Tumor Embolism Developed in Inferior Vena Cava.
Transient enhanced cell division by blocking DNA synthesis in Escherichia coli.
Development and characterization of standard reagents for cell-based prepandemic influenza vaccine products.
Phonophoretic application of a glucosamine and chondroitin nanoemulsion for treatment of knee chondropathies.
A Phase 1 Trial of Intravesical Cabazitaxel, Gemcitabine, and Cisplatin for the Treatment of Non-muscle Invasive BCG Unresponsive or Recurrent/Relapsing Urothelial Carcinoma of the Bladder.
Identification of rhythmic human CYPs and their circadian regulators using synchronized hepatoma cells.
Effects of 27 natural products on drug metabolism genes in channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus) cell line.
Pruritic Manifestation of Peripheral T Cell Lymphoma Effectively Managed with Mirtazapine: A Case Report.
Four generations of EGFR TKIs associated with different pathogenic mutations in non-small cell lung carcinoma.
The complex multicellular morphology of the food spoilage bacteria Brochothrix thermosphacta strains isolated from ground chicken.
Electrospun nanofibers as support for the healing of intestinal anastomoses.
Effect of shock waves combined with cytostatics on the growths of tumors in vivo.
Effect of ClAlPcS2photodynamic and sonodynamic therapy on HeLa cells.
Automatic substantia nigra segmentation in neuromelanin-sensitive MRI by deep neural network in patients with prodromal and manifest synucleinopathy.
High inductive magnetic stimuli and their effects on mesenchymal stromal cells, dendritic cells, and fibroblasts.
Proteomic analysis of plasma proteins after low-level laser therapy in rats.
Isolating stem cells from skin: designing a novel highly efficient non-enzymatic approach.
Stem cells and physical energies: can we really drive stem cell fate?
Curl Flux as a Dynamical Origin of the Bifurcations/Phase Transitions of Nonequilibrium Systems: Cell Fate Decision Making.
Megastigmane Derivatives from the Cladodes of Opuntia humifusa and Their Nitric Oxide Inhibitory Activities in Macrophages.
Polyplexes Are Endocytosed by and Trafficked within Filopodia.
Differentiating Double-layer, Psuedocapacitance, and Battery-like Mechanisms by Analyzing Impedance Measurements in Three Dimensions.
Influence of Co-Dosed Lipids from Biota Extracts on the Availability of Chemicals in in vitro Cell-Based Bioassays.
Design of multi-functional biomaterial inspired by ancient Chinese medicine for hair regeneration in burned skin.
Actin Cytoskeleton-Disrupting and Magnetic Field-Responsive Multivalent Supramolecular Assemblies for Efficient Cancer Therapy.
Maximizing short circuit current density and open circuit voltage in oxygen vacancy controlled Bi1-xCaxFe1-yTiyO3-delta thin film solar cells.
Does bacterial elasticity affect adhesion to polymer fibers?
The effects of daylight exposure on melatonin levels, Kiss1 expression, and melanoma formation in mice.
Rh(III)-Catalyzed Redox-Neutral [4+2] Annulation for Direct Assembly of 3-Acyl Isoquinolin-1(2H)-ones as Potent Antitumor Agents.
Primary culture of aspiration residual specimens improves the diagnostic accuracy between hepatocellular carcinoma and benign nodules.
Resveratrol and its dimers epsilon-viniferin and delta-viniferin in red wine protect vascular endothelial cells by a similar mechanism with different potency and efficacy.
TNFSF14, a novel target of miR-326, facilitates airway remodeling in airway smooth muscle cells via inducing extracellular matrix protein deposition and proliferation.
Asymmetric Disulfanylbenzamides as Irreversible and Selective Inhibitors of Staphylococcus aureus Sortase A.
Norepinephrine-CREB1-miR-373 axis promotes progression of colon cancer.
Pyridinium-substituted tetraphenylethylenes as new autophagy modulators for cancer therapy and the alkyl chain length effect.
N-acetyl-l-tyrosine is an intrinsic triggering factor of mitohormesis in stressed animals.
Enhancing and neutralizing anti-coxsackievirus activities of serum samples from patients prior to development of type 1 diabetes.
Foliar micromorphology and its role in identification of the Apocynaceae taxa.
Cryopeeling versus Trichloroacetic acid peeling in the treatment of solar lentigines: Effect on epidermal Langerhans cells.
BA3338, a surface layer homology (SLH) domain possessing protein augments immune response and protection efficacy of protective antigen (PA) against Bacillus anthracis in mouse model.
Biokinetic aspects for biocatalytic remediation of xenobiotics polluted seawater.
AA amyloidosis associated with pulmonary squamous cell carcinoma treated with chemoradiation and immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy.
Merkel cell carcinoma-derived Erysipelas Carcinomatosum.
The role of serum uric acid in the prediction of graft-versus-host disease in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Utilizing CRISPR/Cas9 technology to prepare lymphoblastoid cell lines harboring genetic mutations for generating quality control materials in genetic testing.
CircRNA_103762 promotes multidrug resistance in NSCLC by targeting DNA damage inducible transcript 3 (CHOP).
Kinetics of IgA and eosinophils following a low-dose, predominantly Haemonchus contortus infection of Boer goats.
Infrared-A Irradiation-induced Inhibition of Human Keratinocyte Proliferation and Potential Mechanisms.
Effect of in-package atmospheric cold plasma discharge on microbial safety and quality of ready-to-eat ham in modified atmospheric packaging during storage.
Pro-inflammatory cytokines favor the emergence of ETV6-RUNX1-positive pre-leukemic cells in a model of mesenchymal niche.
Green tea (Camellia sinensis) for the prevention of cancer.
Diamond-Blackfan anaemia: understanding an old disease.
Regulation of calcium dynamics and propagation velocity by tissue microstructure in engineered strands of cardiac tissue.
Initial Experience with Autologous Skin Cell Suspension for Treatment of Deep Partial-Thickness Facial Burns.
Modeling chemical effects on breast cancer: the importance of the microenvironment in vitro.
A simple yet effective AIE-based fluorescent nano-thermometer for temperature mapping in living cells using fluorescence lifetime imaging microscopy.
Bright, stable, and efficient red light-emitting electrochemical cells using contorted nanographenes.
Interfacial and structural modifications in perovskite solar cells.
Towards high-performance solid-state Li-S batteries: from fundamental understanding to engineering design.
3D cultures for modeling nanomaterial-based photothermal therapy.
Endosome/lysosome-detained supramolecular nanogels as an efflux retarder and autophagy inhibitor for repeated photodynamic therapy of multidrug-resistant cancer.
Acetylcholinesterase inhibitory activity and neuroprotection in vitro, molecular docking, and improved learning and memory functions of demethylcurcumin in scopolamine-induced amnesia ICR mice.
Developing substrate-based small molecule fluorescent probes for super-resolution fluorescent imaging of various membrane transporters.
Effect of the carrier material, drying technology and dissolution media on the viability of Lactobacillus fermentum K73 during simulated gastrointestinal transit.
A 3D porous FeP/rGO modulated separator as a dual-function polysulfide barrier for high-performance lithium sulfur batteries.
In Situ Investigation of Dynamic Silver Crystallization Driven by Chemical Reaction and Diffusion.
IGREX for quantifying the impact of genetically regulated expression on phenotypes.
Effect of Introducing Nonideal Capacitance in the Estimation of the Solution Resistance for Accurate Electrolytic Conductivity Measurements.
DMN-Tre Labeling for Detection and High-Content Screening of Compounds against Intracellular Mycobacteria.
Ortho versus Meta Chlorophenyl-2,3-Benzodiazepine Analogues: Synthesis, Molecular Modeling, and Biological Activity as AMPAR Antagonists.
Effect of Vinylethylene Carbonate and Fluoroethylene Carbonate Electrolyte Additives on the Performance of Lithia-Based Cathodes.
Evaluation of a Biocomposite Mesh Modified with Decellularized Human Amniotic Membrane for Intraperitoneal Onlay Mesh Repair.
Post-SELEX Optimization and Characterization of a Prostate Cancer Cell-Specific Aptamer for Diagnosis.
Beneficial Effects of Endophytic Fungi from the Anoectochilus and Ludisia Species on the Growth and Secondary Metabolism of Anoectochilus roxburghii.
Bundling of Collagen Fibrils Using Sodium Sulfate for Biomimetic Cell Culturing.
Tuning Crystal Structures of Iron-Based Metal-Organic Frameworks for Drug Delivery Applications.
Role of Additives in Electrochemical Deposition of Ternary Metal Oxide Microspheres for Supercapacitor Applications.
Redox-Responsive Dipeptide Nanostructures toward Targeted Cancer Therapy.
Light-Emitting Multifunctional Maleic Acid-co-2-(N-(hydroxymethyl)acrylamido)succinic Acid-co-N-(hydroxymethyl)acrylamide for Fe(III) Sensing, Removal, and Cell Imaging.
Electrostatic Switching Controls Channel Dynamics of the Sensor Protein VirB10 in A. tumefaciens Type IV Secretion System.
In Vitro and Ex Vivo Efficacy of Novel Trp-Arg Rich Analogue of alpha-MSH against Staphylococcus aureus.
Novel Multifunctional Nanoagent for Visual Chemo/Photothermal Therapy of Metastatic Lymph Nodes via Lymphatic Delivery.
Small-Molecule Inhibition of Bacterial Biofilm.
Irregularly branched microvessels as visualized by magnifying endoscopy: a reliable marker for predicting deep submucosal invasion of superficial esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Phase-contrast x-ray tomography of neuronal tissue at laboratory sources with submicron resolution.
Immunogenicity Assessment of Rift Valley Fever Virus Virus-Like Particles in BALB/c Mice.
Clinicopathologic Findings of Spontaneous Leukemia in 9 Pet African Hedgehogs (Atelerix Albiventris).
Heat Stress Causes Immune Abnormalities via Massive Damage to Effect Proliferation and Differentiation of Lymphocytes in Broiler Chickens.
Lactobacillus reuteri Promotes Intestinal Development and Regulates Mucosal Immune Function in Newborn Piglets.
Experimental Ixodes ricinus-Sheep Cycle of Anaplasma phagocytophilum NV2Os Propagated in Tick Cell Cultures.
Susceptibility of Chicken Embryos, Sheep, Cattle, Pigs, and Chickens to Zika Virus Infection.
Insulin-Producing Cell Transplantation Platform for Veterinary Practice.
Basal and Infectious Enteritis in Broilers Under the I See Inside Methodology: A Chronological Evaluation.
Monocytes and Macrophages as Protagonists in Vascular Complications of Diabetes.
Pregnancy in Thalassemia and Sickle Cell Disease: The Experience of an Italian Thalassemia Center.
3D Co-culture of hiPSC-Derived Cardiomyocytes With Cardiac Fibroblasts Improves Tissue-Like Features of Cardiac Spheroids.
DETECTing Merkel Cell Polyomavirus in Merkel Tumors.
The Role of Dynamic miRISC During Neuronal Development.
HCV Infection in Thalassemia Syndromes and Hemoglobinopathies: New Perspectives.
FUS Recognizes G Quadruplex Structures Within Neuronal mRNAs.
Significant Quantitative Differences in Orexin Neuronal Activation After Pain Assessments in an Animal Model of Sickle Cell Disease.
Validation of Gene Profiles for Analysis of Regional Lymphatic Metastases in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Extracellular Matrix in the Tumor Microenvironment and Its Impact on Cancer Therapy.
Hippo Signaling-Mediated Mechanotransduction in Cell Movement and Cancer Metastasis.
The Myth of Cultured Meat: A Review.
Pathogenesis of Celiac Disease and Other Gluten Related Disorders in Wheat and Strategies for Mitigating Them.
Biobank@VITO: Biobanking the General Population in Flanders.
Cell Tracking in Cancer Immunotherapy.
Peripheral Blood-Based Biopsy for Breast Cancer Risk Prediction and Early Detection.
Regulatory T Cell Suppressive Activity Predicts Disease Relapse During Disease-Modifying Anti-rheumatic Drug Dose Reduction in Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Effect of Calcitriol on the Renal Microvasculature Differentiation Disturbances Induced by AT1 Blockade During Nephrogenesis in Rats.
Probe Signal Values in mRNA Arrays Imply an Excessive Involvement of Neutrophil FCGR1 in Tuberculosis.
Occurrence of Albifimbria verrucaria in the Blood of a Female Child With Neuroblastoma.
Combining Kidney Organoids and Genome Editing Technologies for a Better Understanding of Physiopathological Mechanisms of Renal Diseases: State of the Art.
Impact of 18F-FDG PET/CT in Staging Patients With Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Embryo Biopsy Can Offer More Information Than Just Ploidy Status.
Metabolic Coordination of Pericyte Phenotypes: Therapeutic Implications.
RANKL/RANK System-Based Mechanism for Breast Cancer Bone Metastasis and Related Therapeutic Strategies.
Nc2Eye: A Curated ncRNAomics Knowledgebase for Bridging Basic and Clinical Research in Eye Diseases.
Commentary: Nanoscopy reveals the layered organization of the sarcomeric H-zone and I-band complexes.
Understanding Inflammatory Responses in the Manifestation of Prothrombotic Phenotypes.
Emerging Methods for Enhancing Pluripotent Stem Cell Expansion.
Cytoskeleton Force Exertion in Bulk Cytoplasm.
Expression of tert Prevents ALT in Zebrafish Brain Tumors.
CD151 in Respiratory Diseases.
CDP-Diacylglycerol Synthases (CDS): Gateway to Phosphatidylinositol and Cardiolipin Synthesis.
Developmental and Cellular Basis of Vertical Bar Color Patterns in the East African Cichlid Fish Haplochromis latifasciatus.
Fzr/Cdh1 Promotes the Differentiation of Neural Stem Cell Lineages in Drosophila.
Potential Role of Cellular Senescence in Asthma.
TGF-beta1 Augments the Apical Membrane Abundance of Lemur Tyrosine Kinase 2 to Inhibit CFTR-Mediated Chloride Transport in Human Bronchial Epithelia.
Sclerostin and Its Associations With Bone Metabolism Markers and Sex Hormones in Healthy Community-Dwelling Elderly Individuals and Adolescents.
Interleukin 37 Suppresses M1 Macrophage Polarization Through Inhibition of the Notch1 and Nuclear Factor Kappa B Pathways.
The Function of the HGF/c-Met Axis in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Melanoma in the Eyes of Mechanobiology.
Improving Cerebrovascular Function to Increase Neuronal Recovery in Neurodegeneration Associated to Cardiovascular Disease.
Mitochondria: An Integrative Hub Coordinating Circadian Rhythms, Metabolism, the Microbiome, and Immunity.
Secretome Analysis Performed During in vitro Cardiac Differentiation: Discovering the Cardiac Microenvironment.
A Review of Precision Oncology Knowledgebases for Determining the Clinical Actionability of Genetic Variants.
Chemotaxis Assay for Marsupenaeus japonicas Hemocytes and Application for the Development of an Oral Immunostimulant Against White Spot Syndrome Virus.
Regulation of the Transferrin Receptor Recycling in Hepatitis C Virus-Replicating Cells.
Two-Faced: Roles of JNK Signalling During Tumourigenesis in the Drosophila Model.
Molecular Mechanisms of Radiation-Induced Cancer Cell Death: A Primer.
Dual Role of Inflammasome Adaptor ASC in Cancer.
How to Inactivate Human Ubiquitin E3 Ligases by Mutation.
Why Do Intrauterine Exposure to Air Pollution and Cigarette Smoke Increase the Risk of Asthma?
Utilization of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells for Cardiac Repair.
Fat Wasting Is Damaging: Role of Adipose Tissue in Cancer-Associated Cachexia.
Asparaginyl-tRNA Synthetase, a Novel Component of Hippo Signaling, Binds to Salvador and Enhances Yorkie-Mediated Tumorigenesis.
The Lysosomal Membrane Protein Lamp2 Alleviates Lysosomal Cell Death by Promoting Autophagic Flux in Ischemic Cardiomyocytes.
Diverse Roles of PUF Proteins in Germline Stem and Progenitor Cell Development in C. elegans.
Parvalbumin Interneuron Activation-Dependent Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis Is Required for Treadmill Running to Reverse Schizophrenia-Like Phenotypes.
Irradiation Induces Epithelial Cell Unjamming.
Coordinating Proliferation, Polarity, and Cell Fate in the Drosophila Female Germline.
T Cell Dysfunction and Exhaustion in Cancer.
Mitochondrial Interactome: A Focus on Antiviral Signaling Pathways.
