Aspirin in Primary and Secondary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease.
Biochemical, serological, and genetic aspects related to gene HLA-DQB1 and its association with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM).
Mortal consequences of a cooperative action between Takotsubo syndrome and increased intracranial pressure.
A worldwide charter for all children with asthma.
Cancer cachexia and its pathophysiology: links with sarcopenia, anorexia and asthenia.
Self-Propelled PLGA Micromotor with Chemotactic Response to Inflammation.
The Impact of Diabetes on the Association between Alcohol Intake and the Risk of End-Stage Kidney Disease in the Singapore Chinese Health Study.
Thiol-disulfide as a novel indicator of obstructive sleep apnea.
Antibody-mediated complement activation in pathology and protection.
Dietary inflammatory index and incidence of and death from primary liver cancer: a prospective study of 103902 American adults.
Emerging therapies in sickle cell disease.
Anti-melanoma differentiation-associated gene 5 dermatomyositis and Lung Disease.
Aggressive FUS-Mutant Motor Neuron Disease Without Profound Spinal Cord Pathology.
Opioid Prescription Filling Trends Among Children with Sickle Cell Disease After the Release of State-Issued Guidelines on Pain Management.
Psychosocial screening in Sickle Cell Disease: Validation of the Psychosocial Assessment Tool.
Characteristic Features of FUS Inclusions in Spinal Motor Neurons of Sporadic Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Prevalence of Myopic Maculopathy Among Adults in a Russian Population.
Severe Lung Injury Associated With Use of e-Cigarette, or Vaping, Products-California, 2019.
Urgent call for a global enforcement of the public sharing of health emergencies data: lesson learned from serious arboviral disease epidemics in Sudan.
Self-reported Sleep Problems Related to Amyloid Deposition in Cortical Regions with High HOMER1 Gene Expression.
Three Mexican Families with beta thalassemia intermedia with different molecular basis.
Deletion of Socs3 Expression in Aortic Smooth Muscle Cells Ameliorates Aortic Dissection.
Self-efficacy Mediates Perceived Benefits and Barriers of Adherence of Heroin-dependent Patients to Methadone for Addiction Treatment: A Health Belief Model Study.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation-Induced Motor Evoked Potentials in Hirayama Disease: Systematic Review of the Literature.
Safety and Tolerability of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation During Pregnancy: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Palliative Care in Children With Heart Disease Treated in an ICU.
Slow Decrease of Anti-Tissue Transglutaminase Antibody Positivity In Children With Celiac Disease After Starting the Gluten-Free Diet.
Asymptomatic Anisakiasis in a Patient with Crohn \' s Disease.
Assessment and Interpretation of Vitamin and Trace Element Status in Sick Children. A Position Paper from the ESPGHAN Committee in Nutrition.
Thiopurine Monotherapy in Paediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease: 20 Years After Markowitz.
Optimizing Anti-tumor Necrosis Factor Treatment in Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease with Therapeutic Drug Monitoring.
Incidence Trends, Comorbidities and Outcomes of Pyogenic Liver Abscess Among Children. A Nationwide Population-Based Analysis.
Child and Family Perspectives on Adjustment To and Coping With Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Patterns of Primary, Specialty, Urgent Care, and Emergency Department Care in Children with Inflammatory Bowel Diseases.
Cystic Fibrosis-related Liver Disease is Associated With Increased Disease Burden and Endocrine Comorbidities.
Effectivity of Pancreatic Enzyme Replacement Therapy in Malnourished Children.
Growth and Pubertal Timing in Boys With Adult-diagnosed Celiac Disease: A Population-based Longitudinal Cohort Study.
Body Composition Using Air Displacement Plethysmography in Children With Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
MiR-4286/TGF-beta1/Smad3 negative feedback loop ameliorated vascular endothelial cell damage by attenuating apoptosis and inflammatory response.
Ursolic acid improves monocrotaline induced right ventricular remodeling by regulating metabolism.
Nitrate esters alleviated coronary atherosclerosis via inhibition of NF-kappaB-regulated macrophage polarization shift in epicardial adipose tissue.
May measurement month 2017: Latin America.
Understanding the HIV epidemic among MSM in Baltimore: a modelling study estimating the impact of past HIV interventions and who acquired and contributed to infections.
Influence of passive smoking on the onset of Legg-Calve-Perthes disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Lyme disease: diagnosis and treatment.
Management issues in rheumatoid arthritis-associated interstitial lung disease.
Treatment of cutaneous lupus erythematosus: current approaches and future strategies.
Benefits and promotion of physical activity in rheumatoid arthritis.
Skeletal muscle disease in rheumatoid arthritis: the center of cardiometabolic comorbidities?
Current status and future directions of the use of novel immunotherapeutic agents in bladder cancer.
A Quality Improvement Initiative Results in Improved Rates of Timely Postvariceal Bleeding Surveillance Endoscopy.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Sarcopenia Are Independently Associated With Cardiovascular Risk.
Management of Small Bowel Villous Atrophy in Patients Seronegative for Celiac Disease.
Coagulation testing and management in liver disease patients.
Radiation enteritis: from diagnosis to management.
Screening for chronic kidney disease: moving toward more sustainable health care.
Erythrocyte adaptive metabolic reprogramming under physiological and pathological hypoxia.
Vascular elastic fiber heterogeneity in health and disease.
Challenges and opportunities for hepatitis B cure in the setting of HIV-hepatitis B virus co-infection.
Challenges for hepatitis B virus cure in resource-limited settings in sub-Saharan Africa.
Fully-Online, Interoperable Clinical Trial Management System for Multi-Interventional RCT: Maintain Your Brain Digital Platform.
To Advance Population Health, We Need to Be "Well Behaved": The Science of Health Behaviour Change.
ENDOCANNABINOIDS RECEPTORS MEDIATED CENTRAL AND PERIPHERAL EFFECTS (REVIEW).
[THE ROLE OF HELICOBACTER PYLORI IN ROSACEA AND PATHOGENETIC TREATMENT].
INFLUENCE OF AGE-RELATED ANDROGEN DEFICIENCY ON THE RISK FACTORS EOF CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASES IN MEN WITH HYPOTHYROIDISM.
[DIAGNOSTIC EFFICIENCY OF THE USE OF A MAGNIFYING CHROMOENDOSCOPY WHEN EXAMINING THE ORAL CAVITY IN PATIENTS WITH A GASTROENTEROLOGICAL PROFILE WITH EXTRAESOPHAGEAL MANIFESTATIONS OF REFLUX DISEASE].
MODERN ASPECTS OF ETIOPATHOGENESIS, DIAGNOSIS, CLINICAL COURSE AND TREATMENT OF SPORADIC INCLUSION BODY MYOSITIS.
[FAMILIAL MEDITERRANEAN FEVER IN CHILDREN: ENDOSCOPIC CONDITION OF THE GASTROINTESTINAL TRACT IN DIFFERENT PERIODS OF THE DISEASE].
NEURAL TUBE DEFECTS AND MICRONUTRIENTS DEFICIENCY PREVALENCE IN GEORGIA.
THE PECULIARITIES OF CLINICAL COURSE OF ATOPIC DERMATITIS AND THE COMORBID CONDITIONS IN EARLY INFANCY.
[STEROID-INDUCED OSTEONECROSES OF FEMORAL HEAD].
ASSESSMENT OF QUALITY OF LIFE IN PATIENTS AFTER THE TREATMENT OF ACUTE ASCENDING THROMBOPHLEBITIS OF THE GREAT SAPHENOUS VEIN WITH OF HIGH-FREQUENCY ENDOVENOUS WELDING.
[OPEN NECROSECTOMY IN THE COMPLEX TREATMENT OF THE SEVERE ACUTE PANCREATITIS].
Markers of systemic and gut-specific inflammation in celiac disease.
Hearing evaluation with ABR in pediatric patients with celiac disease.
Treatment of HCV infection with direct-acting antiviral agents. Real life experiences from the Euro-Asian region.
Vitamin D decreases CD40L gene expression in ulcerative colitis patients: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial.
Nocardioides euryhalodurans sp. nov., Nocardioides seonyuensis sp. nov. and Nocardioides eburneiflavus sp. nov., isolated from soil.
Dengue virus non-structural protein 1 activates the p38 MAPK pathway to decrease barrier integrity in primary human endothelial cells.
Kidney Function Surveillance in the National Spina Bifida Patient Registry: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Rare Histological Variants of Prostate Adenocarcinoma: A National Cancer Database Analysis.
Nanoparticles as contrast agents for the diagnosis of Alzheimer \' s disease: a systematic review.
In Vitro and in Vivo Evaluation of Levodopa Loaded Nanoparticles for Nose to Brain Delivery.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Ocular Sarcoidosis Confirms HLA Associations and Implicates Barrier Function and Autoimmunity in African Americans.
Downregulation of serum miR-106b: a potential biomarker for Alzheimer disease.
Genetic Association Analyses Highlight IL6, ALPL, and NAV1 As 3 New Susceptibility Genes Underlying Calcific Aortic Valve Stenosis.
The interplay between host haemostatic systems and Leptospira spp. infections.
OCEAN: a randomized Phase III study of melphalan flufenamide + dexamethasone to treat relapsed refractory multiple myeloma.
Social Safety Theory: A Biologically Based Evolutionary Perspective on Life Stress, Health, and Behavior.
Delivery, Fate, and Mobility of Silver Nanoparticles in Citrus Trees.
Incorporation of the Non-Proteinaceous Amino Acid beta-Methyl-Amino-Alanine Affects Amyloid beta Fibril Properties and Toxicity.
The Trend of Increasing Placebo Response and Decreasing Treatment Effect in Schizophrenia Trials Continues: An Update From the US Food and Drug Administration.
Detection of prions in skin punch biopsies of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease patients.
Treatment of diabetic retinopathy through neuropeptide Y-mediated enhancement of neurovascular microenvironment.
Genome-edited adult stem cells: Next-generation advanced therapy medicinal products (ATMPs).
Functional morphology of the jaw adductor muscles in the Canidae.
Hemostatic prophylaxis and colonoscopy outcomes for patients with bleeding disorders: A retrospective cohort study and review of the literature.
Intentional bioprosthetic tricuspid valve fracture to facilitate transcatheter valve-in-valve deployment.
Fluoro-Photoacoustic Polymeric Renal Reporter for Real-Time Dual Imaging of Acute Kidney Injury.
Association of left ventricular end-diastolic pressure with mortality in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention for acute coronary syndromes.
Lack of Asymmetry of Nigrostriatal Dopaminergic Function in Healthy Subjects.
Association of heme oxygenase-1 single nucleotide polymorphisms with susceptibility to tuberculosis in Chinese Han population.
Spin-lock relaxation rate dispersion reveals spatiotemporal changes associated with tubulointerstitial fibrosis in murine kidney.
Increased IgA ACPA in the periodontal inflammatory exudate of healthy individuals compared to rheumatoid arthritis patients.
Antiplatelet Therapies in Diabetes.
Understanding the challenges faced by adolescents and young adults with allergic conditions: a systematic review.
The transmission and diagnosis of 2019 novel coronavirus infection disease (COVID-19): A Chinese perspective.
Phase 1 Study of Epacadostat in Combination With Atezolizumab for Patients With Previously Treated Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Treatment of relapsed/refractory paediatric aggressive B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Discovery and analysis the anti-pseudo-allergic components from Perilla frutescens leaves by overexpressed MRGPRX2 cell membrane chromatography coupled with HPLC-ESI-IT-TOF system.
Indirect estimation of child mortality using 2011 census data in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
An outbreak of measles in gold miners in River Nile State, Sudan, 2011.
Analysis of life expectancy across countries using a decision tree.
Coronavirus Disease 2019 outbreak: preparedness and readiness of countries in the Eastern Mediterranean Region.
S-allyl cysteine protects retinal pigment epithelium cells from hydroquinone-induced apoptosis through mitigating cellular response to oxidative stress.
Novel coronavirus 2019-nCoV: prevalence, biological and clinical characteristics comparison with SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV.
COVID-19 (Novel Coronavirus 2019) - recent trends.
Mortality risk among individuals treated for alcohol use disorders: results of a longitudinal study from 1978 to 2016 in Northern Italy.
Chronobiology of acute pancreatitis in a single Italian centre.
MiR-135a regulates renal fibrosis in rats with diabetic kidney disease through the Notch pathway.
The potential mechanism of INHBC and CSF1R in diabetic nephropathy.
LncRNA ANRIL regulates cell proliferation and migration via sponging miR-339-5p and regulating FRS2 expression in atherosclerosis.
LncRNA INHBA-AS1 promotes cell growth, migration, and invasion of oral squamous cell carcinoma by sponging miR-143-3p.
Increased long non-coding RNA ARAP1-AS1 expression and its prognostic significance in human gastric cancer: a preliminary study.
LncRNA MIR4435-2HG contributes into colorectal cancer development and predicts poor prognosis.
Introgression of Eastern Chinese and Southern Chinese haplotypes contributes to the improvement of fertility and immunity in European modern pigs.
Early life factors for endometriosis: a systematic review.
Sarcoidosis and the alpha chemokine MIG.
A Proposal for Clinical Biomarkers in Multiple Chemical Sensitivity.
Oral health in a cohort of individuals on a plant-based diet: a pilot study.
Renal Frame Count and High Blood Pressure.
Why nursing students have sex without condom? A study in the university of Palermo.
Enhancing adherence to antipsychotic treatment for bipolar disorders. Comparison of mobile app-based psychoeducation, group psychoeducation, and the combination of both: protocol of a three-arm single-blinded parallel-group multi-centre randomised trial.
Maternal transmission of mitochondrial diseases.
Immuno-DNA binding directed template-free DNA extension and enzyme catalysis for sensitive electrochemical DNA methyltransferase activity assay and inhibitor screening.
A smartphone-based biomedical sensory system.
Isoliquiritigenin exerts antioxidative and anti-inflammatory effects via activating the KEAP-1/Nrf2 pathway and inhibiting the NF-kappaB and NLRP3 pathways in carrageenan-induced pleurisy.
Anti-Alzheimer \' s disease activity of secondary metabolites from Xanthoceras sorbifolia Bunge.
How to integrate stereotactic body radiation therapy and hypofractionation in the management of stage III lung cancer in the age of immunotherapy.
Perinatal exposure to conventional synthetic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs in women with rheumatic disease and neonatal outcomes: a population-based study.
Anxiety impacts rheumatoid arthritis symptoms and health-related quality of life even at low levels.
Identification of a novel autoantibody against heat shock factor 1 in idiopathic inflammatory myopathy.
The assessment of malnutrition and severity of gastrointestinal disease by using symptom-based questionnaires in systemic sclerosis: is it related to severe organ involvement or capillary rarefaction at microcirculation?
Remission of collagen-induced arthritis by adoptive transfer of peritoneal cells.
Long non-coding RNA growth arrest-specific transcript 5 regulates rheumatoid arthritis by targeting homeodomain-interacting protein kinase 2.
Ultrasound shoulder assessment of calcium pyrophosphate disease with suspected polymyalgia rheumatica.
AGT, targeted by miR-149-5p, promotes IL-6-induced inflammatory responses of chondrocytes in osteoarthritis via activating JAK2/STAT3 pathway.
Gene Therapy Approaches in an Autoimmune Demyelinating Disease: Multiple Sclerosis.
Antioxidant Proteins Identification Based on Support Vector Machine.
The Role of Ubiquitin E3 Ligase in Atherosclerosis.
Health screening and preventative health care in refugee women: a qualitative analysis.
Secondary analyses of the randomized phase III Stop&amp;Go study: efficacy of second-line intermittent versus continuous chemotherapy in HER2-negative advanced breast cancer.
Exogenous application of harpin protein Hpa1 onto Pinellia ternata induces systemic resistance against tobacco mosaic virus.
Adherence to laboratory monitoring among people taking oral drugs for multiple sclerosis: A Canadian population-based study.
Massive hemoptysis following cannulation of right internal jugular vein for insertion of cuffed hemodialysis catheter: A rare complication of central venous catheterization.
The role of interleukin 4 and IL-4RA in intervertebral disc degeneration: investigation of single nucleotide polymorphisms in genes and a systematic review &amp; meta-analysis of IL-4 expression level.
Genetic testing for inherited ocular conditions in a developing country.
Trends in Regional Supply of Peritoneal Dialysis in an Era of Health Reform, 2006 to 2013.
Association between red blood cell distribution width and long-term mortality among patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with previous history of cancer.
Local and Lymph Node Relapse of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma: A Single-Center Experience.
Monocyte count and the risk for acute exacerbation of fibrosing interstitial lung disease: A retrospective cohort study.
The complementary effects of galvanic current electrical stimulation associated with conservative treatment to increase vasodilation in patients with Raynaud \' s phenomenon: a randomized trial.
The use of real-world effectiveness measurements in clinical settings at Helsinki University Hospital: a systematic literature review.
Physicians privilege responding to emotional cues in oncologic consultations: A study utilizing Verona Coding Definitions of Emotional Sequences.
Outcomes Associated With Resuming Direct Oral Anticoagulant Therapy Following Admission for a Gastrointestinal Bleed.
[Analysis of myocardial injury in patients with COVID-19 and association between concomitant cardiovascular diseases and severity of COVID-19].
An Alternative Dendritic Cell-Induced Murine Model of Asthma Exhibiting a Robust Th2/Th17-Skewed Response.
Role of IL-17A in Chronic Rhinosinusitis With Nasal Polyp.
Hospitalization Due to Asthma Exacerbation: A China Asthma Research Network (CARN) Retrospective Study in 29 Provinces Across Mainland China.
Increasing Prevalence and Mortality of Asthma With Age in Korea, 2002-2015: A Nationwide, Population-Based Study.
Efficacy and Safety of a Pressurized Metered-Dose Inhaler in Older Asthmatics: Comparison to a Dry Powder Inhaler in a 12-Week Randomized Trial.
Risk Factors for Acute Exacerbations in Elderly Asthma: What Makes Asthma in Older Adults Distinctive?
Evaluation of Drug-Induced Liver Injury Developed During Hospitalization Using Electronic Health Record (EHR)-Based Algorithm.
Understanding the Molecular Mechanisms of Asthma through Transcriptomics.
Treatment Outcomes after Discontinuation of Ethambutol due to Adverse Events in Mycobacterium avium Complex Lung Disease.
Professional relationships between nephrology clinicians and patients: A systematic review.
KCML: a machine-learning framework for inference of multi-scale gene functions from genetic perturbation screens.
Health-Related Quality of Life and Use of Hospital Services by Patients with Heart Failure and Their Family Caregivers: A Multicenter Case-Control Study.
Sex differences in mechanisms of disease.
The prognostic value of initial serum lactate for survival in postcardiac arrest patients undergoing cardiac catheterization.
Chronic methyl bromide toxicity is ameliorated by haemodialysis.
Expansion of the phenotype of lateral meningocele syndrome.
Annual eradication rate of bismuth-containing quadruple therapy as second-line treatment for Helicobacter pylori infection: A 15-year prospective study at a tertiary hospital in Korea.
Outcome in dogs undergoing adrenalectomy for small adrenal gland tumors without vascular invasion.
Probiotics, lactic acid bacteria and bacilli: interesting supplementation for aquaculture.
Voluntary movements cause beta oscillations increase and broadband slope decrease in the subthalamic nucleus of parkinsonian patients.
Analyzing functional status and its correlates in Chinese centenarians: A cross-sectional study.
Intravascular Follistatin gene delivery improves glycemic control in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
Self-Motion Perception in Parkinson \' s disease.
Comparison of Body Mass Index, Skinfold Thickness, and Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis With Dual-Energy X-Ray Absorptiometry in Hemodialysis Patients.
Weight Gain and Growth After Fundoplication in the Pediatric Patient: A Case Report in the Pediatric Patient With Cystic Fibrosis and Literature Review.
Deletion of hypoxia-responsive microRNA-210 results in a sex-specific decrease in nephron number.
Rate of oral frailty and oral hypofunction in rural community-dwelling older Japanese individuals.
Mycosis fungoides: Developments in incidence, treatment, and survival.
The effectiveness of high-dose ultraviolet A-1 phototherapy for acute exacerbation of atopic dermatitis in Asians.
White matter disturbances in phenylketonuria: Possible underlying mechanisms.
Risk stratification for central conventional chondrosarcoma of bone: A novel system predicting risk of metastasis and death in the Cancer Registry of Norway cohort.
Brain Region Specific Amyloid Plaque Associated Myelin Lipid Loss, APOE Deposition and Disruption of the Myelin Sheath in Familial Alzheimer \' s Disease Mice.
Ovarian suppression for adjuvant treatment of hormone receptor-positive early breast cancer.
Melatonin and oxidative stress in melasma - an unexplored territory; a prospective study.
Novel corona virus disease (COVID-19) in pregnancy: What clinical recommendations to follow?
The effect of lymph node metastasis on overall survival and disease-free survival in vulvar cancer patients.
Efficacy and prognostic factors of concurrent chemoradiotherapy in patients with stage Ib3 and IIa2 cervical cancer.
Safety of aortic aneurysm repair 8 weeks after percutaneous coronary intervention for coronary artery disease: a cohort study.
The efficacy and safety of endoscopic ultrasound-guided liver biopsy versus percutaneous liver biopsy in patients with chronic liver disease: a retrospective single-center study.
Reviewing the Role of Ultra-Widefield Imaging in Inherited Retinal Dystrophies.
C-di-GMP with influenza vaccine showed enhanced and shifted immune responses in microneedle vaccination in the skin.
Osilodrostat: First Approval.
Zinc Supplementation: Immune Balance of Pregnancy During the Chronic Phase of the Chagas Disease.
Robotic management of large stone disease: a case series.
Appraisal of disease-modifying potential of amlodipine as an anti-arthritic agent: new indication for an old drug.
Isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ)-based proteomic analysis of mRNA splicing relevant proteins in aging HSPCs.
Therapeutic Potential of Citrulline as an Arginine Supplement: A Clinical Pharmacology Review.
Autonomic dysfunction syndrome in pregnant women.
Coronary artery calcium burden, carotid atherosclerotic plaque burden, and myocardial blood flow in patients with end-stage renal disease: A non-invasive imaging study combining PET/CT and 3D ultrasound.
Evolution of adrenal surgery in a tertiary referral centre.
Locally Advanced, Unresectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Acute rejection after liver transplantation is less common, but predicts better prognosis in HBV-related hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
Dysfunctional Immunometabolism in HIV Infection: Contributing Factors and Implications for Age-Related Comorbid Diseases.
Alpinia oxyphylla-Schisandra chinensis Herb Pair Alleviates Amyloid-beta Induced Cognitive Deficits via PI3K/Akt/Gsk-3beta/CREB Pathway.
Patterns of relapse after successful completion of initial therapy in primary central nervous system lymphoma: a case series.
Attenuation of Acute Intracerebral Hemorrhage-Induced Microglial Activation and Neuronal Death Mediated by the Blockade of Metabotropic Glutamate Receptor 5 In Vivo.
Bone metabolism of the jaw in response to bisphosphonate: a quantitative analysis of bone scintigraphy images.
A Stepwise Evaluation of Hepatitis B Virus-Related Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure to Optimize the Indication for Urgent Liver Transplantation.
Mapping the Segmental Microbiomes in the Human Small Bowel in Comparison with Stool: A REIMAGINE Study.
Prospective associations between sustainable dietary pattern assessed with the Sustainable Diet Index (SDI) and risk of cancer and cardiovascular diseases in the French NutriNet-Sante cohort.
Effects of Colchicine on Atherosclerotic Plaque Stabilization: a Multimodality Imaging Study in an Animal Model.
Three-dimensional characterisation of the globe position in the orbit.
Patient-reported outcomes in melanoma survivors at 1, 3 and 5 years post-diagnosis: a population-based cross-sectional study.
Clinical exome sequencing in neuromuscular diseases: an experience from Turkey.
Altered sensory-motor plasticity in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and complex regional pain type I syndrome: a shared mechanism?
Risk factors associated with early viral reactivation following haploidentical hematopoietic cell transplantation with post-transplant cyclophosphamide: a pilot study.
Phase 1b/2a study of galunisertib, a small molecule inhibitor of transforming growth factor-beta receptor I, in combination with standard temozolomide-based radiochemotherapy in patients with newly diagnosed malignant glioma.
Indeterminate Domain Proteins Regulate Rice Defense to Sheath Blight Disease.
Influences on Adherence to Antiretroviral Therapy (ART) in Early-Stage HIV Disease: Qualitative Study from Uganda and South Africa.
Depression in myasthenia gravis: a heterogeneous and intriguing entity.
Outcomes of mechanical thrombectomy with pre-intravenous thrombolysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic management of type II Mirizzi syndrome.
Assessment of anti-infective medication adherence in pediatric outpatients.
Bilateral spontaneous thrombosis of the pampiniform plexus mimicking incarcerated inguinal hernia: case report of a rare condition and literature review.
Yttrium-90 Radioembolization for BCLC Stage C Hepatocellular Carcinoma Comparing Child-Pugh A Versus B7 Patients: Are the Outcomes Equivalent?
South African bovine ephemeral fever virus glycoprotein sequences are phylogenetically distinct from those from the rest of the world.
Complete genome sequence and analysis of a novel lymphocystivirus detected in whitemouth croaker (Micropogonias furnieri): lymphocystis disease virus 4.
MicroRNA-216a inhibits neuronal apoptosis in a cellular Parkinson \' s disease model by targeting Bax.
Long-term survival analysis of addition of carboplatin to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in HER2-negative breast cancer.
PET imaging of beta-secretase 1 in the human brain: radiation dosimetry, quantification, and test-retest examination of [18F]PF-06684511.
First Asian case of biopsy-confirmed manubriosternal joint involvement in rheumatoid arthritis.
Patient attitudes towards brain donation across both neurodegenerative and non-neurodegenerative neurological disorders.
Ticagrelor Versus Clopidogrel in Patients with Two CYP2C19 Loss-of-Function Alleles Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
Skeletal and mineral metabolic effects of risedronate in a rat model of high-turnover renal osteodystrophy.
Mitochondrial noncoding RNA-regulatory network in cardiovascular disease.
Analysis of a mathematical model of rheumatoid arthritis.
Comment on Chen et al.: Impact of chronic kidney disease on outcomes after total joint arthroplasty: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Evaluation of coronary artery disease in patients with atrial fibrillation by cardiac computed tomography for catheter ablation: CADAF-CT trial.
Abnormal things happening during sleep: parasomnias.
Live Liver Donors: Is Right Still Right?
[Reconstructive possibilities for Peyronie \' s disease].
PX Domain-Containing Kinesin KIF16B and Microtubule-Dependent Intracellular Movements.
Pregnant rats exposed to low-level methylmercury exhibit cerebellar synaptic and neuritic remodeling during the perinatal period.
[Principles of angiology in lower extremity arterial disease (LEAD)].
Metabolic and immunologic control of intestinal cell function by mTOR.
Protein Requirements of Elderly Chinese Adults Are Higher than Current Recommendations.
A Prospective, Population-Based Study to Determine the Incidence and Bacteriology of Bacterial Conjunctivitis in Children &lt;2 Years following PCV7/PCV13 Sequential Implementation.
Neuroanatomical spread of amyloid beta and tau in Alzheimer \' s disease: implications for primary prevention.
Duplication of clostridial binding domains for enhanced macromolecular delivery into neurons.
High-dose pharmaceutical grade biotin (MD1003) in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A pilot study.
Global risks of suicidal behaviours and being bullied and their association in adolescents: School-based health survey in 83 countries.
Association of sulfur amino acid consumption with cardiometabolic risk factors: Cross-sectional findings from NHANES III.
Endocrine morbidity in midline brain defects: Differences between septo-optic dysplasia and related disorders.
Novel Liquid Biopsy Test Based on a Sensitive Methylated SEPT9 Assay for Diagnosing Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis With Features of Autoimmune Hepatitis: Exploring the Global Variation in Management.
Hepatitis C Virus Prevalence in 50 U.S. States and D.C. by Sex, Birth Cohort, and Race: 2013-2016.
Hepatocellular Carcinoma-How to Determine Therapeutic Options.
Chronic Viral Hepatitis: Current Management and Future Directions.
mTOR pathway somatic variants and the molecular pathogenesis of hemimegalencephaly.
The evolution of the concepts of seizures and epilepsy: What \' s in a name?
Clonal Hematopoiesis: A New Step Linking Inflammation to Heart Failure.
Macrophage-Derived Exosomal Mir-155 Regulating Cardiomyocyte Pyroptosis and Hypertrophy in Uremic Cardiomyopathy.
Reduced Left Atrial Emptying Fraction and Chymase Activation in Pathophysiology of Primary Mitral Regurgitation.
Purtscher-like retinopathy in adult-onset Still \' s disease, complicated by treatment-related central serous chorioretinopathy.
Late progressive corneal flattening, haze and visual loss after eccentric crosslinking for Pellucid marginal degeneration.
Bilateral interstitial keratitis, erythema nodosum and atrial fibrillation as presenting signs of polyarteritis nodosa.
Neuron-specific knockdown of solute carrier protein SLC25A46a induces locomotive defects, an abnormal neuron terminal morphology, learning disability, and shortened lifespan.
Chlamydia pneumoniae immunoglobulin E antibody levels in patients with asthma compared with non-asthma.
Bradycardia at the onset of pulseless electrical activity arrests in hospitalized patients is associated with improved survival to discharge.
Association of promoter methylation of RASSF1A and KRAS mutations in non-small cell lung carcinoma in Kashmiri population (India).
Chemokine, cytokine and haematological profiles in Sprague-Dawley rats co-infected with Plasmodium berghei ANKA and Trichinella zimbabwensis-A laboratory animal model for malaria and tissue-dwelling nematodes co-infection.
Human papillomavirus type 16 and 18 viral loads as predictors associated with abnormal cervical cytology among women in Saudi Arabia.
Circulating S100A8/A9 is potentially a biomarker that could reflect the severity of experimental colitis in rats.
Dental invasive procedures in von Willebrand disease outpatients treated with high purity FVIII/VWF complex concentrate (Fanhdi ): experience of a single center.
A proposed reverse transcription mechanism for (CAG)n and similar expandable repeats that cause neurological and other diseases.
Mycobacterium bovis infection of a femorofemoral bypass graft following intravesical Bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG) immunotherapy.
Impact of balloon inflation on the insertion of endoscopic ultrasound: a prospective, randomized controlled trial.
First clinical evidence characterizing safety and efficacy of the new CoCr Biolimus-A9 eluting stent: The Biomatrix Alpha  registry.
Management of patients with newly-diagnosed atrial fibrillation: Insights from the BALKAN-AF survey.
Prevalence, risk factors, and type of sleep apnea in patients with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
Associations between socioeconomic resources and adiposity traits in adults: Evidence from Samoa.
Development, implementation, and evaluation of a novel multidisciplinary one health course for university undergraduates.
Increasing evidence for omalizumab in the treatment of bullous pemphigoid.
An alpha-fetoprotein-negative hepatoid adenocarcinoma of the gallbladder with squamous differentiation.
Metastatic solitary fibrous tumor of the pancreas in a patient with Doege-Potter syndrome.
Independent regulation of tumorigenesis and fibrosis in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Current state of the art imaging approaches for colorectal liver metastasis.
Surgical approach to synchronous colorectal liver metastases: staged, combined, or reverse strategy.
The Aging Heart: Mitophagy at the Center of Rejuvenation.
Editorial: Epigenetic Regulation of Stem Cell Plasticity in Tissue Regeneration and Disease.
Progression of HIV Disease Among Patients on ART in Ethiopia: Application of Longitudinal Count Models.
The Gut-Lung Axis in Health and Respiratory Diseases: A Place for Inter-Organ and Inter-Kingdom Crosstalks.
Role of mTOR and VEGFR Inhibition in Prevention of Metastatic Tumor Growth in the Spine.
Latent Risk Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma Susceptible to Adjuvant Treatment After Resection: A Clinical Deep Learning Approach.
Primary Cutaneous Gamma-Delta T-Cell Lymphoma With Long-Term Indolent Clinical Course Initially Mimicking Lupus Erythematosus Profundus.
Amyloid-specific extraction using organic solvents.
Comparison of Hypertension in Migrant and Local Patients with Atherosclerotic Diseases: A Cross-Sectional Study in Shanghai, China.
Risk Factors of Respiratory Diseases Among Neonates in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of Qena University Hospital, Egypt.
Epidemiology and Perioperative Mortality of Exploratory Laparotomy in Rural Ghana.
Prevalence and Associated Factors of Diabetes Mellitus in Hosanna Town, Southern Ethiopia.
Vesical schistosomiasis and squamous cell carcinoma associated with schistosoma haematobium: A re-emerging neglected tropical disease in Tehran, Iran.
Low-intensity extracorporeal shockwave therapy in the treatment of erectile dysfunction after penile trauma.
Enzyme replacement therapy interruption in patients with Mucopolysaccharidoses: Recommendations for distinct scenarios in Latin America.
Strategies to engage lost to follow-up patients with phenylketonuria in the United States: Best practice recommendations.
Extended spectrum beta lactamase producing Escherichia coli tricuspid valve endocarditis.
Invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in a patient with cirrhosis.
Ecological, parasitological and individual determinants of plasma neopterin levels in a natural mandrill population.
Endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspiration under non-invasive positive pressure for the diagnosis of lung metastasis due to renal cell carcinoma in a patient with respiratory failure.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of a series of 2-(((5-akly/aryl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)methyl)thio)-5-alkyl-6-(cyclohexylmethyl)-pyrimidin-4(3H)-ones as potential HIV-1 inhibitors.
Probiotics modulate the microbiota-gut-brain axis and improve memory deficits in aged SAMP8 mice.
Protective role of berberine on ulcerative colitis through modulating enteric glial cells-intestinal epithelial cells-immune cells interactions.
Selective phytochemicals targeting pancreatic stellate cells as new anti-fibrotic agents for chronic pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer.
Disturbed Yin-Yang balance: stress increases the susceptibility to primary and recurrent infections of herpes simplex virus type 1.
Association of pharmacological treatments for hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia with health checkup participation and identification of disease control factors among older adults in Tokyo, Japan.
Prevalence of Depression in Patients with Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis Presenting at a Tertiary Care Hospital.
A Single-center Retrospective Analysis of the Effect of Radium-223 (Xofigo) on Pancytopenia in Patients with Metastatic Castration-resistant Prostate Cancer.
Acute Kidney Injury in Pediatric Patients Treated with Vancomycin and Piperacillin-Tazobactam Versus Vancomycin and Cefotaxime: A Single-center Study.
Undifferentiated Embryonal Sarcoma of the Liver Presents as a Molecular Mimic of Parasitic Infection.
Associations and Outcomes Between Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy and Vasculitis in Adult Patients.
Lafora Disease: Report of a Rare Entity.
Conversion from Off to On-Pump Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting. Is it Avoidable?
Tumor to Tumor Metastasis from Adenocarcinoma Not Otherwise Specified of the Parotid Gland to Uterine Leiomyoma: Presentation of a Unique Case.
Recognition and Management of Cutaneous Polyarteritis Nodosum Versus Livedoid Vasculitis: A Case Report.
Clinical Determinants of Myocardial Injury, Detectable and Serial Troponin Levels among Patients with Hypertensive Crisis.
Mild Hypofractionated Radiation Therapy for Merkel Cell Carcinoma.
Gastric Cardia Adenocarcinoma with Metastasis to the Scalp: A Case Report.
Clinicians Beware, Ewing \' s Sarcoma After 60 Is Elusive and Rare!
E-cigarette or Vaping Product Use-associated Lung Injury: A Case of an Adult Female Leading to Hospitalization.
Correlation Between Ankle Brachial Index and Lower Limbs Digital Pulse Oximetry: A Referral Center Experience, Prevalence Study.
Change in the Mortality Trend of Hospitalized Patients with Clostridium difficile Infection: A Nation-wide Study.
Low-grade Leiomyosarcoma of the Cavernous Sinus in an HIV Positive Patient: Case Report.
Thyroid Storm and Diabetic Ketoacidosis Presenting to the Emergency Department.
Novel association between TGFA, TGFB1, IRF1, PTGS2 and IKBKB single-nucleotide polymorphisms and occurrence, severity and treatment response of major depressive disorder.
Progress of research into circular RNAs in urinary neoplasms.
Prevalence of and related risk factors in oral mucosa diseases among residents in the Baoshan District of Shanghai, China.
Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein as Biomarker Indicates Purity and Property of Auricular Chondrocytes.
Early Onset Severe Hypertensive Disease in Pregnancy and Screening for Antiphospholipid Syndrome.
The Challenge of Diagnosing SAVI: Case Studies.
Noncystic Fibrosis Bronchiectasis: Evaluation of an Extensive Diagnostic Protocol in Determining Pediatric Lung Disease Etiology.
Etanercept for the Treatment of Chronic Arthritis Related to Chronic Granulomatous Disease: A Case.
Levels of Soluble Urokinase Plasminogen Activator Receptor in Pediatric Lower Respiratory Tract Infections.
A Safe and Minimally Invasive Method for Thoracoscopic Lung Biopsy in Interstitial Lung Disease.
Busulfan-Induced Lung Injury in Pediatric Oncology Patients-Review of the Literature with an Illustrative Case.
Analysis of Tau Protein Expression in Predicting Pathological Complete Response to Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Different Molecular Subtypes of Breast Cancer.
Predicting the Benefit of Adjuvant Aromatase Inhibitor Therapy in Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Patients with Phosphorylated S6K1 Expression Status.
SIRT3-mediated inhibition of FOS through histone H3 deacetylation prevents cardiac fibrosis and inflammation.
Rift Valley fever virus vaccination induces long-lived, antigen-specific human T cell responses.
Significant out-of-sample classification from methylation profile scoring for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Early career interview: Nathan Bahr.
Effectiveness of alternative measures to reduce antimicrobial usage in pig production in four European countries.
A temporal gene expression map of Chrysanthemum leaves infected with Alternaria alternata reveals different stages of defense mechanisms.
Pneumonia in Parkinson \' s disease: barium aspiration in videofluoroscopic swallowing study.
Autoantigens in the trabecular meshwork and glaucoma-specific alterations in the natural autoantibody repertoire.
Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure: A New Disease or an Old One Hiding in Plain Sight?
Hepatitis E: What We Think We Know.
Hepatopulmonary Syndrome and Portopulmonary Hypertension: The Pulmonary Vascular Enigmas of Liver Disease.
Autosomal recessive spastic ataxia of charlevoix-saguenay: Findings from MRI in two adult Italian siblings.
An intracranial mass causing tumor-induced osteomalacia (TIO): Rapid and complete resolution of severe osteoporosis after surgical resection.
Rosai-Dorfman disease with paravertebral and epidural thoracic spine involvement: A case report and literature review.
The Effects of Clinical Pharmacist Education on Lifestyle Modifications of Postmyocardial Infarction Patients in South India: A Prospective Interventional Study.
Colorectal cancer in Saudi Arabia as the proof-of-principle model for implementing strategies of predictive, preventive, and personalized medicine in healthcare.
An examination of colorectal cancer burden by socioeconomic status: evidence from GLOBOCAN 2018.
Evaluation of machine learning methodology for the prediction of healthcare resource utilization and healthcare costs in patients with critical limb ischemia-is preventive and personalized approach on the horizon?
Effect of probiotics on obesity-related markers per enterotype: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial.
Virome Identification and Characterization of Fusarium sacchari and F. andiyazi: Causative Agents of Pokkah Boeng Disease in Sugarcane.
Comparative Proteomics of Extended-Spectrum Cephalosporin-Resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae Isolates Demonstrates Altered Protein Synthesis, Metabolism, Substance Transport, and Membrane Permeability.
Mechanisms of Macrophage Polarization in Insulin Signaling and Sensitivity.
Parkinson \' s Disease in Pregnancy: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Palmitoylation: A Fatty Regulator of Myocardial Electrophysiology.
Handling of Ventricular Fibrillation in the Emergency Setting.
Feature Selection and Combination of Information in the Functional Brain Connectome for Discrimination of Mild Cognitive Impairment and Analyses of Altered Brain Patterns.
Perspectives on Cannabis-Based Therapy of Multiple Sclerosis: A Mini-Review.
Depletion of LncRNA NEAT1 Rescues Mitochondrial Dysfunction Through NEDD4L-Dependent PINK1 Degradation in Animal Models of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Somatostatin, Olfaction, and Neurodegeneration.
Post-chemotherapy target volumes are safe as boost volume for intact breast radiotherapy in locally advanced breast cancer.
The impact of local control timing in Ewing sarcoma.
Adjuvant Chemotherapy with Chinese Herbal Medicine Formulas Versus Placebo in Patients with Lung Adenocarcinoma after Radical Surgery: a Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Acute Synovitis after Trauma Precedes and is Associated with Osteoarthritis Onset and Progression.
MicroRNA-148b enhances the radiosensitivity of B-cell lymphoma cells by targeting Bcl-w to promote apoptosis.
Aldehyde Dehydrogenase, Liver Disease and Cancer.
Eupatilin downregulates phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate-induced MUC5AC expression via inhibition of p38/ERK/JNK MAPKs signal pathway in human airway epithelial cells.
Lovastatin derivative dehydrolovastatin ameliorates ulcerative colitis in mice by suppressing NF-kappaB and inflammatory cytokine expression.
Clinical Course, Imaging Characteristics, and Therapeutic Response in Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein Antibody Disease: A Case Series.
A 360-Degree Surgical Approach for Correction of Cervical Kyphosis and Atlantoaxial Dislocation in the Case of Larsen Syndrome.
Idiopathic Hypertrophic Spinal Pachymeningitis: A Diagnostic Challenge: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Bedside Percutaneous Twist Drill Craniostomy of Chronic Subdural Hematoma-A Single-Center Study.
Stroke Happens Suddenly so It Cannot Be Prevented: A Qualitative Study to Understand Knowledge, Attitudes, and Practices about Stroke in Rural Gadchiroli, Maharashtra, India.
Magnetic resonance imaging findings of the lumbar spine, back symptoms and physical function among male adult patients with Scheuermann \' s disease.
Management of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.
Managing the overlap of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Herpes zoster vaccination in Australia: what \' s available and who benefits?
When to vaccinate a fluctuating wildlife population: Is timing everything?
A negative preoperative 99mTechnetium tetrofosmin myocardial perfusion imaging scan with postoperative acute coronary syndrome - A case of balanced ischaemia.
Lysine 4 of histone H3.3 is required for embryonic stem cell differentiation, histone enrichment at regulatory regions and transcription accuracy.
The GWAS Diversity Monitor tracks diversity by disease in real time.
Selective targeting of ubiquitination and degradation of PARP1 by E3 ubiquitin ligase WWP2 regulates isoproterenol-induced cardiac remodeling.
Psychosis in Parkinson \' s disease and parkinsonism in antipsychotic-naive schizophrenia spectrum psychosis: clinical, nosological and pathobiological challenges.
Author Correction: China \' s response to a novel coronavirus stands in stark contrast to the 2002 SARS outbreak response.
Androgen receptor variant-driven prostate cancer II: advances in laboratory investigations.
Development of a CRISPR/Cas9n-based tool for metabolic engineering of Pseudomonas putida for ferulic acid-to-polyhydroxyalkanoate bioconversion.
Abstracts from USCAP 2020: Infectious Disease Pathology (1503-1521).
Abstracts from USCAP 2020: Infectious Disease Pathology (1503-1521).
Gene presence-absence variation associates with quantitative Verticillium longisporum disease resistance in Brassica napus.
Domestic dogs are mammalian reservoirs for the emerging zoonosis flea-borne spotted fever, caused by Rickettsia felis.
Transcriptomic signatures of brain regional vulnerability to Parkinson \' s disease.
Characterization of tomato protein kinases embedding guanylate cyclase catalytic center motif.
BrainSpace: a toolbox for the analysis of macroscale gradients in neuroimaging and connectomics datasets.
Matching Graft Quality to Recipient \' s Disease Severity Based on the Survival Benefit in Liver Transplantation.
Genome composition analysis of multipartite BNYVV reveals the occurrence of genetic re-assortment in the isolates of Asia Minor and Thrace.
Shared Causal Paths underlying Alzheimer \' s dementia and Type 2 Diabetes.
Ebselen as template for stabilization of A4V mutant dimer for motor neuron disease therapy.
Genotypic characterization of multiple drug resistant Escherichia coli isolates from a pediatric cancer hospital in Egypt.
Digoxin-amiodarone Combination is Associated With Excess All-cause Mortality in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation.
Author Correction: Intelligent Diagnostic Prediction and Classification System for Chronic Kidney Disease.
Influence of Competing Risks on Estimates of Recurrence Risk and Breast Cancer-specific Mortality in Analyses of the Early Breast Cancer Trialists Collaborative Group.
Preoperative Stereotactic Body Radiotherapy to Portal Vein Tumour Thrombus in Hepatocellular Carcinoma: Clinical and Pathological Analysis.
A prolonged multispecies outbreak of IMP-6 carbapenemase-producing Enterobacterales due to horizontal transmission of the IncN plasmid.
Rapid isothermal duplex real-time recombinase polymerase amplification (RPA) assay for the diagnosis of equine piroplasmosis.
Post-treatment FDG PET-CT in head and neck carcinoma: comparative analysis of 4 qualitative interpretative criteria in a large patient cohort.
Quantitative 3D imaging parameters improve prediction of hip osteoarthritis outcome.
Trem2 Splicing and Expression are Preserved in a Human Abeta-producing, Rat Knock-in Model of Trem2-R47H Alzheimer \' s Risk Variant.
Functionally Enigmatic Genes in Cancer: Using TCGA Data to Map the Limitations of Annotations.
Male sex is associated with aggressive behaviour and poor prognosis in Chinese papillary thyroid carcinoma.
Identification of novel breast cancer susceptibility loci in meta-analyses conducted among Asian and European descendants.
Acute heart failure.
Identification of region-specific astrocyte subtypes at single cell resolution.
Vascular progenitors generated from tankyrase inhibitor-regulated naive diabetic human iPSC potentiate efficient revascularization of ischemic retina.
Depletion of ID3 enhances mesenchymal stem cells therapy by targeting BMP4 in Sjogren \' s syndrome.
Sirt1 antisense long non-coding RNA attenuates pulmonary fibrosis through sirt1-mediated epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Genetic variants in RET, ARHGEF3 and CTNNAL1, and relevant interaction networks, contribute to the risk of Hirschsprung disease.
Correction for: A novel rhamnoside derivative PL402 up-regulates matrix metalloproteinase 3/9 to promote Abeta degradation and alleviates Alzheimer \' s-like pathology.
Too much of a good thing: hedonistic homoeostatic dysregulation and other behavioural consequences of excessive dopamine replacement therapy in Parkinson \' s disease.
Incidence and prevalence of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in urban China: a national population-based study.
What contributes to quality of life in Parkinson \' s disease: a re-evaluation.
Medium- to long-term endemic disease risks associated with flooding events.
Disease surveillance in England and Wales, February 2020.
Dental disease and obesity cause problems in Chihuahuas.
Combined and sequential non-invasive approach to diagnosing non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and persistently normal alanine aminotransferase levels.
Small airways and early origins of COPD: pathobiological and epidemiological considerations.
Genome Sequence of a Segmented Filamentous Bacterium Strain That Confers a Rotavirus Resistance Phenotype in Mice.
Genome Sequences of Uncommon Shiga Toxin-Producing Escherichia coli Serotypes.
Cirrhosis as new indication for statins.
PE/PPE proteins mediate nutrient transport across the outer membrane of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
A neurodevelopmental origin of behavioral individuality in the Drosophila visual system.
Microenvironment mapping via Dexter energy transfer on immune cells.
The balance of protein farnesylation and geranylgeranylation during the progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Inhibition of the polyamine synthesis enzyme ornithine decarboxylase sensitizes triple-negative breast cancer cells to cytotoxic chemotherapy.
In vivo mitochondrial and glycolytic impairments in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Mitochondria in Alzheimer brains: A PET project shows complex changes.
Central corneal basal cell density and nerve parameters in ocular surface disease and limbal stem cell deficiency: a review and meta-analysis.
Comparison of true-colour wide-field confocal scanner imaging with standard fundus photography for diabetic retinopathy screening.
Development of screening tools to predict the risk of recurrence and related complications following anal fistula surgery: protocol for a prospective cohort study.
Severity of coeliac disease and clinical management study when using a CYP3A4 metabolised medication: a phase I pharmacokinetic study.
The French reporting system for drug shortages: description and trends from 2012 to 2018: an observational retrospective study.
Protocol for a longitudinal, prospective cohort study investigating the biology of uterine fibroids and endometriosis, and patients \'  quality of life: the FENOX study.
Re-Imagining Cystic Fibrosis Care: Next Generation Thinking.
High-resolution CT features of 17 cases of Corona Virus Disease 2019 in Sichuan province, China.
Intercostal vessel screening prior to pleural interventions by the respiratory physician - a prospective study of real world practice.
Using fractional exhaled nitric oxide to guide step down treatment decisions in patients with asthma: a systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis.
Early-life antibiotic use and risk of asthma and eczema: results of a discordant twin study.
Mepolizumab effectiveness and identification of super-responders in severe asthma.
Structural determinants of long term functional outcomes in young children with cystic fibrosis.
Steroids as rescue therapy for vitamin A-induced acute liver failure.
Adalimumab as a potential cause of drug-induced thrombocytopaenic microangiopathy.
FOLFOX and capecitabine-induced hepatic granuloma mimicking metastasis in a rectal cancer patient.
One size doesn \' t fit all: contouring and addressing social vitals in reversing tobacco epidemic in Punjab, India.
Paroxysmal head drops with ataxia-like symptoms presenting as Sandifer syndrome in a 3-year old girl.
Genomic and serologic characterization of enterovirus A71 brainstem encephalitis.
Impact of treatment on cellular immunophenotype in MS: A cross-sectional study.
Expectations and preferences of patients with primary and relapsed ovarian cancer to maintenance therapy: A NOGGO/ENGOT-ov22 and GCIG survey (Expression IV).
Combining ibrutinib and checkpoint blockade improves CD8+ T-cell function and control of chronic lymphocytic leukemia in Em-TCL1 mice.
The proteome of neutrophils in sickle cell disease reveals an unexpected activation of interferon alpha signaling pathway.
MR Thermometry in Cerebrovascular Disease: Physiologic Basis, Hemodynamic Dependence, and a New Frontier in Stroke Imaging.
Loss of an H3K9me anchor rescues laminopathy-linked changes in nuclear organization and muscle function in an Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy model.
Deployed ophthalmic workload in support of US and NATO operations in Afghanistan.
Prevalence and severity of periodontal disease among Spanish military personnel.
"Liquid Gold"- The unTAPped potential of cerebrospinal fluid analysis?
Computationally Derived Image Signature of Stromal Morphology Is Prognostic of Prostate Cancer Recurrence Following Prostatectomy in African American Patients.
Medical and neurobehavioural phenotypes in carriers of X-linked ichthyosis-associated genetic deletions in the UK Biobank.
Every Fifth Individual With Type 1 Diabetes Suffers From an Additional Autoimmune Disease: A Finnish Nationwide Study.
Diabetes, Cognitive Decline, and Mild Cognitive Impairment Among Diverse Hispanics/Latinos: Study of Latinos-Investigation of Neurocognitive Aging Results (HCHS/SOL).
Global Disability Burdens of Diabetes-Related Lower-Extremity Complications in 1990 and 2016.
What we know so far: COVID-19 current clinical knowledge and research.
Your athlete-patient has a high coronary artery calcification score- \' Heart of Stone \' . What should you advise? Is exercise safe?
Multicentre validation of a computer-based tool for differentiation of acute Kawasaki disease from clinically similar febrile illnesses.
Association of Primary Care Involvement with Death or Hospitalizations for Patients Starting Dialysis.
Disease Modeling To Understand the Pathomechanisms of Human Genetic Kidney Disorders.
The mobilisation of early mature CD56dim-CD16bright NK cells is blunted following a single bout of vigorous intensity exercise in Type 1 Diabetes.
Elevating body termperature to reduce low-grade inflammation: a welcome strategy for those unable to exercise?
Frequency and Outcomes of Elevated Perioperative Lactate Levels in Adult Congenital Heart Disease Patients Undergoing Cardiac Surgery.
Expression Profiling of Driver Genes in Female Never-smokers With Non-adenocarcinoma Non-small-cell Lung Cancer in China.
Prevalence of overweight and obesity in China: Results from a cross-sectional study of 441 thousand adults, 2012-2015.
The 2020 appropriate use criteria for chronic lower extremity venous disease of the American Venous Forum, the Society for Vascular Surgery, the American Vein and Lymphatic Society, and the Society of Interventional Radiology.
Obesity and diabetes are jointly associated with functional disability in stroke survivors.
Deubiquitinases: Pro-oncogenic Activity and Therapeutic Targeting in Blood Malignancies.
Socioeconomic characteristics associated with the introduction of new vaccines and full childhood vaccination in Ghana, 2014.
A career in sport does not eliminate risk of cardiovascular disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of the cardiovascular health of field-based athletes.
Poor glycemic control is associated with significant increase in major limb amputation and adverse events in the 30-day postoperative period after infrainguinal bypass.
PD-L1 and p16 Expression in Penile Squamous Cell Carcinoma From an Endemic Region.
Impact of Systemic Therapy in Metastatic Renal-Cell Carcinoma Patients With Synchronous and Metachronous Brain Metastases.
SARS-CoV-2 infection in children: Transmission dynamics and clinical characteristics.
TATTON: a multi-arm, phase Ib trial of osimertinib combined with selumetinib, savolitinib, or durvalumab in EGFR-mutant lung cancer.
Synthesis of novel 2, 3, 5-tri-substituted thiazoles with anti-inflammatory and antibacterial effect causing clinical pathogens.
Effect of stage and grade migration on cancer specific mortality in renal cell carcinoma patients, according to clear cell vs. non-clear cell histology: A contemporary population-based analysis.
The pretreatment neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio is a novel biomarker for predicting clinical responses to pembrolizumab in platinum-resistant metastatic urothelial carcinoma patients.
A prospective analysis of health-related quality of life in intermediate and high-risk prostate cancer patients managed with intensity modulated radiation therapy, with vs. without hormonal therapy.
Impact of donor and recipient characteristics on graft-versus-host disease and survival in HLA-matched sibling hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Hepatitis E Is a Rare Finding in Liver Transplant Patients With Chronic Elevated Liver Enzymes and Biopsy-Proven Acute Rejection.
Kidney Transplantation From Donors with Resectable Renal Cell Carcinoma: Two Case Reports.
Is Cholecystectomy Really Harmful? A Long-Term Quality of Life Study in Living Donor Liver Transplantation.
Tracheostomy Following Liver Transplantation.
A Roundtable Discussion of the Breast Cancer Therapy Expert Group (BCTEG): Clinical Developments and Practice Guidance on Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2)-positive Breast Cancer.
Prognostic Significance of Androgen Receptor Expression in Triple Negative Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Conventional cementless total hip arthroplasty in patients with dwarfism with height less than 140 cm and minimum 10-year follow up: A clinical study.
Alcohol, tobacco and coffee consumption and liver disease severity among individuals with Chronic Hepatitis B infection in North America.
Dietary patterns and cardiovascular disease in Australian adults: Findings from the 2011-12 Australian Health Survey.
Clinical update: The important role of dual kidney function testing (ACR and eGFR) in primary care: Identification of risk and management in type 2 diabetes.
Improved percent-predicted peak VO2 is associated with lower risk of hospitalization in patients with coronary heart disease. Analysis from the FRIEND registry.
Atrial function in Fontan patients assessed by CMR: Relation with exercise capacity and long-term outcomes.
Genotype-Guided Strategy for P2Y12 Inhibitors in Coronary Artery Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials.
Derivation, Validation, and Prognostic Utility of a Prediction Rule for Nonresponse to Clopidogrel: The ABCD-GENE Score.
Comparison of the CAD consortium and updated Diamond-Forrester scores for predicting obstructive coronary artery disease.
Bifunctional small molecule-oligonucleotide hybrid as microRNA inhibitor.
Cardiovascular diseases and their risk factors among Syrian refugees in Turkey.
Aspergillus necrotizing otitis externa with temporomandibulozygomatic involvement.
Anatomic and Patient Risk Factors for Postoperative Periprosthetic Hip Fractures: A Case-Control Study.
Neuromuscular manifestations of lead poisoning in opium and herbal users in Iran.
Impulse control disorder-linked hypersexuality complicated by disseminated gonococcal infection in a patient with Parkinson \' s disease.
Targeted gene panel sequencing in early infantile onset developmental and epileptic encephalopathy.
Risk Factors for the Relapse of Graves \'  Disease Treated With Antithyroid Drugs: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Out of pocket or out of control: A qualitative analysis of healthcare professional stakeholder involvement in pharmaceutical policy change in Ireland.
Cushing \' s syndrome - Disease monitoring: Recurrence, surveillance with biomarkers or imaging studies.
Clinical and Molecular Diagnosis of Joubert Syndrome and Related Disorders.
Factors Modifying the Risk of Atrial Fibrillation Associated With Atrial Premature Complexes in Patients With Hypertension.
An integrated molecular profile of endometrioid ovarian cancer.
Significance of the number of high-risk factors in patients with cervical cancer treated with radical hysterectomy and concurrent chemoradiotherapy.
Palmatine alleviates hyperalgesia by inhibiting the expression of calcitonin gene-related peptide in the trigeminal ganglion of rats with chronic constriction injury of the infraorbital nerve.
Cardiovascular complications of sickle cell disease.
Evaluation of preoperative prognostic factors in patients with resectable invasive intraductal papillary mucinous carcinoma.
Systemic Klotho therapy protects against insulitis and enhances beta-cell mass in NOD mice.
Moyamoya disease patient mutations in the RING domain of RNF213 reduce its ubiquitin ligase activity and enhance NFkappaB activation and apoptosis in an AAA+ domain-dependent manner.
Anastomotic leak in colorectal cancer patients: New insights and perspectives.
Marantic endocarditis.
Intact pap2 downstream of mcr-1 appears to be required for colistin resistance.
Remission in Axial Spondyloarthritis: Developing a Consensus Definition.
Next-Generation Sequencing of Retinoblastoma Identifies Pathogenic Alterations beyond RB1 Inactivation That Correlate with Aggressive Histopathologic Features.
[Bronchial smooth muscle mitochondria: A new target for asthma therapy?]
Does negative pressure wound therapy with irrigation improve clinical outcomes? A randomized clinical trial in patients with diabetic foot infections.
The role of proton therapy in pediatric malignancies: Recent advances and future directions.
Response to the commentary by M.W.C. Dharma-wardana on  \' Chronic kidney disease of unknown etiology (CKDu): Using a system dynamics model to conceptualize the multiple environmental causative pathways of the epidemic \' .
Tubule-derived exosomes play a central role in fibroblast activation and kidney fibrosis.
Consensus on basic conduct during the hospital admission of patients with acute heart failure.
Editorial Commentary: Osteochondritis Dissecans of the Knee: The Great Confounder.
Measurable disease evaluation in patients with myeloma.
Genomic profiling of multiple myeloma: New insights and modern technologies.
Modern treatments and future directions for newly diagnosed multiple myeloma patients.
The changing role of high dose melphalan with stem cell rescue in the treatment of newly diagnosed multiple myeloma in the era of modern therapies-back to the future!
Monitoring minimal residual disease in the bone marrow using next generation sequencing.
Current and potential applications of positron emission tomography for multiple myeloma and plasma cell disorders.
Tracking myeloma tumor DNA in peripheral blood.
Second malignancies in multiple myeloma; emerging patterns and future directions.
Monoclonal antibodies in multiple myeloma: Current and emerging targets and mechanisms of action.
Tracking of low disease burden in multiple myeloma: Using mass spectrometry assays in peripheral blood.
Maintenance therapy and need for cessation studies in multiple myeloma: Focus on the future.
Volatile organic compounds from Starmerella bacillaris to control gray mold on apples and modulate cider aroma profile.
Attribution of Listeria monocytogenes human infections to food and animal sources in Northern Italy.
Prevalence and genetic characteristics of Cronobacter spp. from food and human clinical stool samples in Wenzhou, China 2008-2018.
Sleep Irregularity and Risk of Cardiovascular Events: The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis.
An Overview of the ABIM Cardiovascular Disease Maintenance of Certification Examination.
Drug-Coated Balloon for De Novo Coronary Artery Disease: JACC State-of-the-Art Review.
Fate of the Tricuspid Valve With Pulmonary Valve Replacement: To Repair or Not to Repair?
Tricuspid Intervention Following Pulmonary Valve Replacement in Adults With Congenital Heart Disease.
Survival After Coronary Revascularization With Paclitaxel-Coated Balloons.
V2 vasopressin receptor mutations.
Vasopressin and vasopressin receptors in brain edema.
Development and therapeutic potential of vasopressin synthetic analog [V4Q5]dDAVP as a novel anticancer agent.
Vasopressin actions in the kidney renin angiotensin system and its role in hypertension and renal disease.
Molecular aspects of aquaporins.
Vasopressin inactivation: Role of insulin-regulated aminopeptidase.
Electrochemical sensing of pancreatic cancer miR-1290 based on yeast-templated mesoporous TiO2 modified electrodes.
Photothermal and colorimetric dual mode detection of nanomolar ferric ions in environmental sample based on in situ generation of prussian blue nanoparticles.
Carbon dots sensitized lanthanide infinite coordination polymer nanoparticles: Towards ratiometric fluorescent sensing of cerebrospinal Abeta monomer as a biomarker for Alzheimer \' s disease.
Sensitive analysis of fatty acid esters of hydroxy fatty acids in biological lipid extracts by shotgun lipidomics after one-step derivatization.
Preface: Endoplasmic reticulum in health and disease.
Type I interferons and endoplasmic reticulum stress in health and disease.
Sarcoplasmic reticulum and calcium signaling in muscle cells: Homeostasis and disease.
Sex Differences in Diabetic Kidney Disease.
Treatment of the Connective Tissue Disease-Related Interstitial Lung Diseases: A Narrative Review.
Rethinking Patient and Medical Professional Perspectives on Bariatric Surgery as a Medically Necessary Treatment.
Septal Myectomy and Concomitant Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting for Patients With Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy and Coronary Artery Disease.
Antiretroviral Therapies for Human Immunodeficiency Virus and Liver Disease: Challenges and opportunities.
Orthopedic Surgical Foot Management in Hansen Disease.
The Burden of Pediatric Musculoskeletal Diseases Worldwide.
Systemic and Gastrohepatic Mucormycosis in Dogs.
Comparison of Experimental Infection of Normal and Immunosuppressed Chickens with Mycoplasma gallisepticum.
Low Stromal Mast Cell Density in Canine Mammary Gland Tumours Predicts a Poor Prognosis.
Surgical management of peptic ulcer disease.
Risk of pancreatitis in patients with inflammatory bowel disease - a meta-analysis.
Translation and linguistic validation of the Bronchiectasis Health Questionnaire (BHQ) into Danish.
Distribution of risk alleles in patients with age-related macular degeneration.
[Tuberculosis among children and adolescents].
[Telemedicine applications for monitoring inflammatory bowel disease and irritable bowel syndrome].
[Untreated os odontoideum may cause tetraplegia].
[Hereditary pancreatitis].
Food groups and the likelihood of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
From single gene analysis to single cell profiling: a new era for precision medicine.
This was the year that was: brain barriers and brain fluid research in 2019.
Effect of apo-lactoferrin on leukotoxin and outer membrane vesicles of Mannheimia haemolytica A2.
Trypanosome infection rate in Glossina tachinoides: infested rivers of Limmu Kosa District Jimma Zone, Western Ethiopia.
Dietary phytochemical index and overweight/obesity in children: a cross-sectional study.
PARIS induced defects in mitochondrial biogenesis drive dopamine neuron loss under conditions of parkin or PINK1 deficiency.
Legacy effect of fibrate add-on therapy in diabetic patients with dyslipidemia: a secondary analysis of the ACCORDION study.
Detectable HIV-1 in semen in individuals with very low blood viral loads.
Suitability of individual and bulk milk samples to investigate the humoral immune response to lumpy skin disease vaccination by ELISA.
HIV drug resistance in patients in China \' s national HIV treatment programme who have been on first-line ART for at least 9 months.
Cervical cancer screening practices among women in Ghana: evidence from wave 2 of the WHO study on global AGEing and adult health.
An evaluation of time series summary statistics as features for clinical prediction tasks.
Molecular survey of duck circovirus infection in poultry in southern and southwestern China during 2018 and 2019.
BMI modified the association of current smoking with the incidence of hypertension in Chinese population: a 22-year cohort study.
Knowledge, attitudes and practices towards viral haemorrhagic fevers amongst healthcare workers in urban and rural public healthcare facilities in the N \' zerekore prefecture, Guinea: a cross-sectional study.
Comparison of survival outcomes between radio-chemotherapy and radical hysterectomy with postoperative standard therapy in patients with stage IB1 to IIA2 cervical cancer: long-term oncological outcome analysis in 37 Chinese hospitals.
Risk of postoperative complications among ulcerative colitis patients treated preoperatively with vedolizumab: a matched case-control study.
Daily physical activity and related risk factors in COPD.
Menetrier \' s disease in childhood: a case report from China.
Validation and modification of staging Systems for Poorly Differentiated Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Carcinoma.
Longitudinal assessment of the health-related quality of life among older people with diabetes: results of a nationwide study in New Zealand.
Risk factors for HIV infection among married couples in Rakai, Uganda: a cross-sectional study.
Correction to: Amyloid PET, FDG-PET or MRI? - the power of different imaging biomarkers to detect progression of early Alzheimer \' s disease.
Silencing of microRNA-210 inhibits the progression of liver cancer and hepatitis B virus-associated liver cancer via targeting EGR3.
The association of kidney function and cognitive decline in older patients at risk of cardiovascular disease: a longitudinal data analysis.
Epidemiological changes in measles infections in southern China between 2009 and 2016: a retrospective database analysis.
Real-world effectiveness and safety of sofosbuvir and nonstructural protein 5A inhibitors for chronic hepatitis C genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, or 6: a multicentre cohort study.
Can microscopic ileitis in patients with clinically suspected inflammatory bowel disease predict the future?
False positive finding from malignancy-like lesions on FDG PET/CT: case report of tuberculosis patients.
Associations between ankle-brachial index, diabetes, and sleep apnea in the Hispanic community health study/study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL) database.
A comparative study on the validations of three cognitive screening tests in identifying subtle cognitive decline.
Seroprevalence of hepatitis B virus among antenatal clinic attendees in Gamawa Local Government Area, Bauchi State, Nigeria.
Impaired fasting glucose and major adverse cardiovascular events by hypertension and dyslipidemia status: the Golestan cohort study.
Case report: left atrial Myxoma causing elevated C-reactive protein, fatigue and fever, with literature review.
Novel myocardial markers GADD45G and NDUFS5 identified by RNA-sequencing predicts left ventricular reverse remodeling in advanced non-ischemic heart failure: a retrospective cohort study.
Evidence for a novel overlapping coding sequence in POLG initiated at a CUG start codon.
Different adiposity indices and their associations with hypertension among Chinese population from Jiangxi province.
Positive staining of the immunoligand B7-H6 in abnormal/transformed keratinocytes consistently accompanies the progression of cervical cancer.
Evaluation of the accuracy of two point-of-care haemoglobin meters used in sub-Saharan African population: a cross-sectional study.
Allo-HSCT compared with immunosuppressive therapy for acquired aplastic anemia: a system review and meta-analysis.
Dietary melatonin protects against behavioural, metabolic, oxidative, and organ morphological changes in mice that are fed high-fat, high-sugar diet.
Embolic Stroke of Undetermined Source and Symptomatic Nonstenotic Carotid Disease.
Adherence to healthy dietary pattern and risk of kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
The prevalence of Alzheimer \' s disease in the Chinese Han population: a meta-analysis.
Muscle ultrasonography in the diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Acid Sphingomyelinase Inhibition Mitigates Histopathologic and Behavioral Changes in a Murine Model of Traumatic Brain Injury.
The role of cellular prion protein in lipid metabolism in the liver.
Multiple dengue virus serotypes resistant transgenic Aedes aegypti fitness evaluated under laboratory conditions.
Impact of Asthma Severity on Long Term Asthma Control.
Advances in applying of multi-omics approaches in the research of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Reliability and validity of speech &amp; pause measures during passage reading in ALS.
Viral Vectors, Animal Models, and Cellular Targets for Gene Therapy of Cystic Fibrosis Lung Disease.
Availability and utilization of support services for South African male caregivers of people with Alzheimer \' s disease in low-income communities.
Myocardial Energetics in Obesity: Enhanced ATP Delivery Through Creatine Kinase with Blunted Stress Response.
Anti-Apoptotic Effects of Diosgenin in D-Galactose-Induced Aging Brain.
Chuanxiong (Rhizome of Ligusticum chuanxiong) Protects Ovariectomized Hyperlipidemic Rats from Bone Loss.
Effects of Chinese and Western Medicine on Patients with Dengue Fever.
Thirty-Day Outcomes of Transcatheter Mitral Valve Replacement for Degenerated Mitral Bioprostheses (Valve-in-Valve), Failed Surgical Rings (Valve-in-Ring), and Native Valve With Severe Mitral Annular Calcification (Valve-in-Mitral Annular Calcification) in the United States: Data From the Society of Thoracic Surgeons/American College of Cardiology/Transcatheter Valve Therapy Registry.
Fragmented QRS may be associated with complex ventricular arrhythmias in mitral valve prolapse.
Controlling effects of treprostinil on pulmonary arterial hypertension during surgery for congenital heart disease complicated with severe pulmonary arterial hypertension by echocardiography.
The 2019 Novel Coronavirus Outbreak - A Global Threat.
A Study of Clinico-radiological and Socio-demographic Profile of Patients with Stroke in a Terttary Care Hospital of South West Rajasthan.
Nasal Airway Resistance and Latent Lower Airway Involvement in Allergic Rhinitis.
Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitoring in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Patients.
Clinical Profile of Cerebral Venous Sinus Thrombosis.
Clinical Profile and Outcome of IgA Nephropathy from a Tertiary Care Hospital in North India.
Metformin treatment for patients with diabetes and chronic kidney disease: A Korean Diabetes Association and Korean Society of Nephrology consensus statement.
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy: which predicting factors of conversion? Two Italian center \' s study.
Percutaneous lung abscess drainage: revisiting the old gold standard.
Soluble Axl Is a Novel Diagnostic Biomarker of Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Chinese Patients with Chronic Hepatitis B Virus Infection.
[68Ga]Ga-DOTA-TOC: The First FDA-Approved 68Ga-Radiopharmaceutical for PET Imaging.
Yeast Associated with Rice Phylloplane and Their Contribution to Control of Rice Sheath Blight Disease.
Psychological Considerations in Pediatric Chronic Illness: Case Examples.
Advances and Challenges in Bacterial Spot Resistance Breeding in Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.).
Novel Assessment of Urinary Albumin Excretion in Type 2 Diabetes Patients by Raman Spectroscopy.
Liraglutide Suppresses Tau Hyperphosphorylation, Amyloid Beta Accumulation through Regulating Neuronal Insulin Signaling and BACE-1 Activity.
Tuberous Sclerosis Complex Axis Controls Renal Extracellular Vesicle Production and Protein Content.
Potent Impact of Plastic Nanomaterials and Micromaterials on the Food Chain and Human Health.
Unbalanced Sphingolipid Metabolism and Its Implications for the Pathogenesis of Psoriasis.
MSC Based Therapies-New Perspectives for the Injured Lung.
Breast Density Notification: An Australian Perspective.
Molecular Genetics of Niemann-Pick Type C Disease in Italy: An Update on 105 Patients and Description of 18 NPC1 Novel Variants.
Potential Factors Influencing Repeated SARS Outbreaks in China.
Homocysteine Induces Inflammation in Retina and Brain.
Facilitators and Barriers Associated with Uptake of HIV Self-Testing among Men Who Have Sex with Men in Chongqing, China: A Cross-Sectional Survey.
Additional Value of Machine-Learning Computed Tomographic Angiography-Based Fractional Flow Reserve Compared to Standard Computed Tomographic Angiography.
Engineered Recombinant Single Chain Variable Fragment of Monoclonal Antibody Provides Protection to Chickens Infected with H9N2 Avian Influenza.
Circulating RNAs as Potential Biomarkers in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
The Risk of Para-Aortic Lymph Node Metastases in Apparent Early Stage Ovarian Cancer.
Astrocyte and Oligodendrocyte Cross-Talk in the Central Nervous System.
Oxidative Stress Biomarkers, Nut-Related Antioxidants, and Cardiovascular Disease.
The B Subunit of PirABvp Toxin Secreted from Vibrio parahaemolyticus Causing AHPND Is an Amino Sugar Specific Lectin.
Physicochemical and Digestion Properties of Potato Starch Were Modified by Complexing with Grape Seed Proanthocyanidins.
Successful High-Dosage Monotherapy of Tigecycline in a Multidrug-Resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae Pneumonia-Septicemia Model in Rats.
Fish By-Product Use as Biostimulants: An Overview of the Current State of the Art, Including Relevant Legislation and Regulations within the EU and USA.
Does the Association between Guardians \'  Sense of Coherence and their Children \' s Untreated Caries Differ According to Socioeconomic Status?
Altered Plasma Acylcarnitines and Amino Acids Profile in Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 7.
Targeting alpha-synuclein for PD Therapeutics: A Pursuit on All Fronts.
Immunotherapy in Multiple Myeloma.
Galectin-3 as a Next-Generation Biomarker for Detecting Early Stage of Various Diseases.
Dysregulated Gut Homeostasis Observed Prior to the Accumulation of the Brain Amyloid-beta in Tg2576 Mice.
Multifaceted Aspects of Metabolic Plasticity in Human Cholangiocarcinoma: An Overview of Current Perspectives.
Inter-Organelle Membrane Contact Sites and Mitochondrial Quality Control during Aging: A Geroscience View.
Comparison of the Efficiency of BLUP and GBLUP in Genomic Prediction of Immune Traits in Chickens.
Cross-talk between Bcr-abl and the Thioredoxin System in Chronic Myeloid Leukaemia: Implications for CML Treatment.
[Analysis of the characteristics of second primary malignancy affecting the survival of lymphoma patients].
[Clinical analysis of 30 cases of Castleman disease with different types of thoracic involvement].
[Clinical study on factor VIII inhibitor in children with hemophilia A].
[Outcomes of 138 myelodysplastic syndrome patients with HLA-matched sibling donor allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation].
[Alternative donor HSCT for 109 children with acquired severe aplastic anemia: a single center retrospective analysis].
[Outcomes of 33 patients with anaplastic large cell lymphoma treated after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation].
[Clinical and laboratory analysis of 17 patients with gammadeltaT-cell large granular lymphocyte leukemia].
[Risk factors analysis for steroid-resistant acute graft versus host disease after haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation].
[CD7 expression and its prognostic significance in acute myeloid leukemia patients with wild-type or mutant CEBPA].
[Analysis of the efficacy and influencing factors of nilotinib or dasatinib as second- or third-line treatment in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia in the chronic phase and accelerated phase].
[Prevalence and risk factors of ischemic stroke in rural areas of Liaoning province].
[Prognostic value of Montreal Cognitive Assessment in heart failure patients].
[Association between plasma HDL-C levels and coronary artery severity and impact on outcomes of patients underwent percutaneous coronary intervention].
[Long-term outcomes of patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction undergoing early versus late delayed percutaneous coronary intervention using drug-eluting stents].
[Evaluating the long-term prognosis of coronary artery disease patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention by risk stratification with ACC/AHA classification of coronary lesions].
[Effects of ticagrelor on cardiorespiratory fitness in patients after percutaneous coronary intervention].
[Physiological ischemia training: a new option of exercise therapy for coronary heart disease].
[Advances in coronary artery bypass grafting for Kawasaki disease patients with severe coronary artery lesions].
[Tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors in the treatment of intravenous immunoglobulin non-responders of Kawasaki disease].
[Immunodeficiency diseases with interstitial lung disease as major clinical manifestations: report of six cases].
[Analysis of five cases of hepatitis associated aplastic anemia presenting with hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis at onset].
[2019 novel coronavirus infection in a three-month-old baby].
Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis: Low-Level Alcohol Consumption and the Risk of Liver Cancer.
Sarcopenia Is Independently Associated with the Degree of Liver Fibrosis in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
The anatomy of the skin of the Chinese tree shrew is very similar to that of human skin.
IRF3 and IRF7 contribute to diesel exhaust particles-induced pulmonary inflammation by mediating mTORC1 activation and restraining autophagy in mice.
Unraveling the Influence of Common von Willebrand factor variants on von Willebrand Disease Phenotype: An Exploratory Study on the Molecular and Clinical Profile of von Willebrand Disease in Spain Cohort.
Plasma Protein Signatures of a Murine Venous Thrombosis Model and Slc44a2 Knockout Mice Using Quantitative-Targeted Proteomics.
The utility of De Ritis Ratio in predicting prognosis in testicular cancer.
An analysis of patient \' s and disease related factors predictive of the outcomes of surgery for carpal tunnel syndrome.
Human Telomerase Reverse Transcriptase Gene Promoter Mutation in Serum of Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Sarcopenia is a new risk factor of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Quality Of Life in Patients With Primary Biliary Cholangitis: A Single Center Experience in Serbia.
Exceptional Response to Olaparib in a Patient With Recurrent Ovarian Cancer and an Entire BRCA1 Germline Gene Deletion.
Bladder Cancer, Version 3.2020, NCCN Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology.
Predictors of Distant Metastases in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Without Pathologic Complete Response After Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy.
Benefits of High-Volume Medical Oncology Care for Noncurable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma: A Population-Based Analysis.
Human fecal contamination of water, soil, and surfaces in households sharing poor-quality sanitation facilities in Maputo, Mozambique.
MTHFR rs1801133 polymorphism is associated with increased risk of B-cell precursor lymphoblastic leukaemia with recurrent genetic aberrations of fetal origin.
Dynamic expression of JC virus in urine and its relationship to serostatus.
Non-compliance with disease modifying therapies in patients with Multiple Sclerosis: A qualitative analysis.
Epidemiological characteristics and clinical outcomes of human rhinovirus infections in a hospitalized population. Severity is independently linked to RSV coinfection and comorbidities.
Fluorine-18 labeled poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase1 inhibitor as a potential alternative to 2-deoxy-2-[18F]fluoro-d-glucose positron emission tomography in oral cancer imaging.
Identification of key genes and expression profiles in osteoarthritis by co-expressed network analysis.
miR-155 antagomir protect against DSS-induced colitis in mice through regulating Th17/Treg cell balance by Jarid2/Wnt/beta-catenin.
Altered resting-state thalamo-occipital functional connectivity is associated with cognition in isolated rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder.
Sleep in Parkinson \' s disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of polysomnographic findings.
Multiple sclerosis is a systemic venous vasculopathy: A single unifying mechanism.
Evaluation of production parameters and health of dairy cows treated with pegbovigrastim in the transition period.
Evaluation of the English bovine brucellosis surveillance system considering probability of disease introduction and non-random sampling.
Identification of a pro-elongation effect of diallyl disulfide, a major organosulfur compound in garlic oil, on microglial process.
The roles of ERAP1 and ERAP2 in autoimmunity and cancer immunity: New insights and perspective.
Food antigens and Transglutaminase 2 in IgA nephropathy: Molecular links between gut and kidney.
Management of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia in routine clinical practice: Minimal residual disease testing, treatment patterns and clinical outcomes in Belgium, Greece and Switzerland.
Duloxetine and cardiovascular adverse events: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Venous thromboembolism following 672,495 primary total shoulder and elbow replacements: Meta-analyses of incidence, temporal trends and potential risk factors.
Long bone fracture characteristics in children with medical conditions linked to bone health.
Urinary bisphenol A concentrations and adiposity measures at age 7 years in a prospective birth cohort.
Association of weather variability with resurging pertussis infections among different age groups: A non-linear approach.
Development and Validation of a Novel Scoring Tool for Predicting Facility Discharge after Elective Posterior Lumbar Fusion.
Transradial access through the anatomical snuffbox: Results of a feasibility study.
Chitosan guar nanoparticle preparation and its in vitro antimicrobial activity towards phytopathogens of rice.
Developing effective combination therapy for pancreatic cancer: an overview.
Structural analysis of the outer surface proteins from Borrelia burgdorferi paralogous gene family 54 that are thought to be the key players in the pathogenesis of Lyme disease.
Profile of pathogenic proteins and microRNAs in plasma-derived extracellular vesicles in Alzheimer \' s disease: A pilot study.
Ribavirin does not potentiate favipiravir antiviral activity against Ebola virus in non-human primates.
Malignancy in Dermatomyositis: A Retrospective Study of 201 Patients Seen at the University of Pennsylvania.
Acyclic nucleoside phosphonates as possible chemotherapeutics against Trypanosoma brucei.
Parkinsonian gait in aging: A feature of Alzheimer \' s pathology?
Investigation of possible clonal transmission of carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae complex member isolates in Denmark using core genome MLST and National Patient Registry Data.
Relapse after allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation for multiple myeloma: Survival outcomes and factors influencing them.
Peripheral cytokine and fatty acid associations with neuroinflammation in AD and aMCI patients: an exploratory study.
Non-coding RNAs and nuclear architecture during epithelial-mesenchymal transition in lung cancer and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Treadmill exercise enhances the promoting effects of preconditioned stem cells on memory and neurogenesis in Abeta-induced neurotoxicity in the rats.
Rigosertib potently protects against colitis-associated intestinal fibrosis and inflammation by regulating PI3K/AKT and NF-kappaB signaling pathways.
A new cell line for assessing HIV-1 antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity against a broad range of variants.
A Novel Association Test for Rare Variants Based on Algebraic Statistics.
Low doses of deoxynivalenol inhibit the cell migration mediated by H3K27me3-targeted downregulation of TEM8 expression.
Assessment of tissue perfusion and vascular function in mice by scanning laser Doppler perfusion imaging.
What Drives Opioid Prescriptions following Cardiac Surgery: Practice or Patient?
Cryotherapy ablation in Immunoglobulin G4-Related Disease of the Trachea.
Use of urinary proteomics in diagnosis and monitoring of diabetic kidney disease.
Early detection of diabetic kidney disease by urinary proteomics and subsequent intervention with spironolactone to delay progression (PRIORITY): a prospective observational study and embedded randomised placebo-controlled trial.
Cerebral microvascular complications of type 2 diabetes: stroke, cognitive dysfunction, and depression.
Current and emerging therapies for patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: a bright future.
Pathogenic DDX3X Mutations Impair RNA Metabolism and Neurogenesis during Fetal Cortical Development.
Overall survival in patients with pancreatic cancer receiving matched therapies following molecular profiling: a retrospective analysis of the Know Your Tumor registry trial.
Why we should stop using the word leprosy.
Maternal Vitamin D Deficiency Causes Sustained Impairment of Lung Structure and Function and Increases Susceptibility to Hyperoxia-Induced Lung Injury in Infant Rats.
Characteristics and Outcomes of Critically Ill Patients with Acute Exacerbation of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in Australia and New Zealand.
Dietary Supplement Use in Patients with Cardiovascular Disease.
Portosystemic Shunt Leading to Encephalopathy in a Non-Cirrhotic Patient.
Endoscopic Resection of a Pediatric Carcinoid Lung Tumor Presenting as Persistent Pneumonia.
The Patient as Obligation - The Binary Failure of "Privilege" vs. "Right" Part 2 - My Privilege - From The Great Equation to An American Sickness to Mac and Cheese for All to An American Idea.
Improving Hepatitis C Screening in the Baby Boomer Birth Cohort in Rural South Dakota: A Medical Student HQIP Project.
Pandemic potential of highly pathogenic avian influenza clade 2.3.4.4 A(H5) viruses.
Niemann-Pick disease with isolated leukemic nonnodal mantle cell lymphoma of the spleen.
What It Will Take to Achieve a World Without Measles.
A gene-diet interaction-based score predicts response to dietary fat in the Women \' s Health Initiative.
The Effects of Diets Enriched in Monounsaturated Oleic Acid on the Management and Prevention of Obesity: a Systematic Review of Human Intervention Studies.
Survival and prognostic determinants of prostate cancer patients in Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: A retrospective cohort study.
Pathogen to commensal? Longitudinal within-host population dynamics, evolution, and adaptation during a chronic &gt;16-year Burkholderia pseudomallei infection.
School-based interventions to promote adolescent health: A systematic review in low- and middle-income countries of WHO Western Pacific Region.
Relationship between the washout rate of I-123 MIBG scans and autonomic function in Parkinson \' s disease.
Exploring the effect of hypertension on retinal microvasculature using deep learning on East Asian population.
Constrained Linear Movement Model (CALM): Simulation of passenger movement in airplanes.
Plasma virome of 781 Brazilians with unexplained symptoms of arbovirus infection include a novel parvovirus and densovirus.
Developing a strategic understanding of telehealth service adoption for COPD care management: A causal loop analysis of healthcare professionals.
Safety of oral naltrexone in HIV-positive men who have sex with men and transgender women with alcohol use disorder and initiating antiretroviral therapy.
The seroprevalence of brucellosis and molecular characterization of Brucella species circulating in the beef cattle herds in Albania.
Factors affecting the electrocardiographic QT interval in malaria: A systematic review and meta-analysis of individual patient data.
Blood multiomics reveal insights into population clusters with low prevalence of diabetes, dyslipidemia and hypertension.
Gut microbiome shifts with urbanization and potentially facilitates a zoonotic pathogen in a wading bird.
A machine learning-based linguistic battery for diagnosing mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer \' s disease.
The cardiovascular risk profile of middle age women previously diagnosed with premature ovarian insufficiency: A case-control study.
Changes in key vaginal bacteria among postpartum African women initiating intramuscular depot-medroxyprogesterone acetate.
Biophysicochemical motifs in T cell receptor sequences as a potential biomarker for high-grade serous ovarian carcinoma.
Ten years of experience with endometrial cancer treatment in a single Brazilian institution: Patient characteristics and outcomes.
Pathogen transmission from vaccinated hosts can cause dose-dependent reduction in virulence.
A case of hyperkeratotic crusted scabies.
Active Monitoring of Persons Exposed to Patients with Confirmed COVID-19 - United States, January-February 2020.
Intervention To Stop Transmission of Imported Pneumonic Plague - Uganda, 2019.
Role of interleukin-4 in pathogenesis of oral lichen planus: A systematic review.
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma in young patients: a 26-year clinicopathologic retrospective study in a Brazilian specialized center.
Alveolar bone loss, platelet and glycosylated haemoglobin levels in 239 patients. A clinical study.
The outbreak of COVID-19: An overview.
Does Treatment Response With Antidementia Drugs After 6 Months in Alzheimer \' s Disease Predict Long-term Treatment Outcome?
Antidepressants and the Risk of Cardiovascular Events in Elderly Affected by Cardiovascular Disease: A Real-Life Investigation From Italy.
The Application of Next-generation Sequencing Tumor Molecular Profiling in the Diagnosis and Management of a Case of Acute Myelogenous Leukemia With MLL-PTD (Partial Tandem Duplication) in a Pediatric Heart Transplant Recipient.
Autologous Stem Cell Transplantation for Children With Renal Tumors, and Adults With Wilms Tumor: Retrospective Analysis of the Japanese Transplant Registry Unified Management Program.
Nonsurgical Management of Acute Appendicitis in Sickle Cell Disease.
An Original Complex Rearrangement Involving Chromosomes 9, 11, and 14, Harboring a Complex KMT2A Gene Rearrangement in an Infant With Mixed-phenotype Acute Leukemia.
Successful Umbilical Cord Blood Transplantation With Reduced-intensity Conditioning for Acute Myeloid Leukemia in a Child With Shwachman-Diamond Syndrome.
A Young Patient with Brief Alcohol Use and Rapidly Progressive Alcohol-Related Hepatitis: Considerations in Transplant Eligibility.
Home Health Agency Factors Associated With Acute Care Hospitalization and Emergency Department Use.
Reducing COPD Rehospitalizations.
Positive Status of Epstein-Barr Virus as a Biomarker for Gastric Cancer Immunotherapy: A Prospective Observational Study.
Associations between various attended automated office blood pressure estimations and all-cause and cardiovascular mortality: Minhang study.
Clinical and High-Resolution CT Features of the COVID-19 Infection: Comparison of the Initial and Follow-up Changes.
Effect of Hematocrit on the CO2 Removal Rate of Artificial Lungs.
Outcomes of Adults with Congenital Heart Disease Supported with Extracorporeal Life Support After Cardiac Surgery.
Predictors of Aspirin Nonadherence in Adults with Prior Myocardial Infarction.
The Harvard Medical School Pathways Curriculum: Reimagining Developmentally Appropriate Medical Education for Contemporary Learners.
Orbital Actinomyces Masquerading as Meningioma.
S100A8/A9 regulates CD11b expression and neutrophil recruitment during chronic tuberculosis.
Sri Lanka: report on its children \' s environmental health.
Indonesia: country report on children \' s environmental health.
Percentile values of serum zinc concentration and prevalence of its deficiency in Iranian children and adolescents: the CASPIAN-V study.
Silymarin: not just another antioxidant.
Cost-Effectiveness and Estimated Health Benefits of Treating Patients with Vitamin D in Pre-Dialysis.
Effect of CES1 and ABCB1 genotypes on the pharmacokinetics and clinical outcomes of dabigatran etexilate in patients with atrial fibrillation and chronic kidney disease.
Normosmic idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to a novel GNRH1 variant in two siblings.
Safety and feasibility of percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) during pregnancy: A review of literature.
Kinetic analyses as a tool to examine physiological exercise responses in a large sample of patients with COPD.
Patterns of Ruxolitinib Therapy Failure and Its Management in Myelofibrosis: Perspectives of the Canadian Myeloproliferative Neoplasm Group.
Activity of Vincristine and Irinotecan in Diffuse Anaplastic Wilms Tumor and Therapy Outcomes of Stage II to IV Disease: Results of the Children \' s Oncology Group AREN0321 Study.
Structural characterization of glaucoma patients with low ocular blood flow.
Mechanical Adaptations of Skinned Cardiac Muscle in Response to Dietary-Induced Obesity During Adolescence in Rats.
CT Features of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Pneumonia in 62 Patients in Wuhan, China.
Discovery of a Gut-Restricted JAK Inhibitor for the Treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
The Development Of An Indirect CT Lymphography Protocol For Sentinel Lymph Node Detection In Head And Neck Cancer and Comparison to Other Sentinel Lymph Node Mapping Techniques.
Colchicine for Stroke Prevention in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Definitive-intent radiotherapy for sinonasal carcinoma in cats: a multicenter retrospective assessment.
Multispectral Optoacoustic Tomography of Muscle Perfusion and Oxygenation under Arterial and Venous Occlusion - A Human Pilot Study.
A murine model of Staphylococcus aureus infected chronic diabetic wound: A new tool to develop alternative therapeutics.
Hypothesis Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and environmental pollutants.
Lysosomal storage disease spectrum in nonimmune hydrops fetalis: a retrospective case control study.
Long term strength and functional status in inclusion body myositis and identification of trajectory subgroups.
Transgender individuals \'  cancer survivorship: Results of a cross-sectional study.
Protease-dependent excitation of nodose ganglion neurons by commensal gut bacteria.
Cytomegalovirus Meeting Summary.
Clinical Diagnostic Testing for Human Cytomegalovirus Infections.
Cytomegalovirus Infection in Solid Organ and Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation: State of the Evidence.
Scientific and Regulatory Considerations for Efficacy Studies of Cytomegalovirus Vaccines.
Advances in the Development of Therapeutics for Cytomegalovirus Infections.
Congenital Cytomegalovirus Infection.
The Status of Vaccine Development Against the Human Cytomegalovirus.
Immune Correlates of Protection Against Human Cytomegalovirus Acquisition, Replication, and Disease.
The Development of Therapeutics for the Treatment and Prevention of CMV Disease in the Transplant Population: A Regulatory Perspective.
Review of Mathematical Models of Vaccination for Preventing Congenital Cytomegalovirus Infection.
Association of Childhood Family Connection With Flourishing in Young Adulthood Among Those With Type 1 Diabetes.
Genome architecture facilitates phenotypic plasticity in the honeybee (Apis mellifera).
Current status of perioperative chemotherapy for locally advanced gastric cancer and JCOG perspectives.
Effect of increased expression of both ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate 1 and p21-activated kinase 1 in patients with N0M0 upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma and cancer-free surgical margins.
Investigating the impact of disease and health record duration on the eMERGE algorithm for rheumatoid arthritis.
Evaluation of Residual Disease Following Transcanal Totally Endoscopic vs Postauricular Surgery Among Children With Middle Ear and Attic Cholesteatoma.
Further Considerations About the Ophthalmic Sequelae of Ebola.
Evolving Longitudinal Retinal Observations in a Cohort of Survivors of Ebola Virus Disease.
Incidence and Mortality Risk Spectrum Across Aggressive Variants of Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma.
Carnosine ameliorates age-related dementia via improving mitochondrial dysfunction in SAMP8 mice.
Comparing alternative follow-up strategies for patients with stable coeliac disease.
Evolving patterns in the presentation of coeliac disease over the last 25 years.
[New transcatheter strategies for multiple pathologies: a paradigmatic clinical case].
[Short dual antiplatelet therapy: how, when and why].
Risk of cancer in individuals with alcohol and drug use disorders: a registry-based study in Reggio Emilia, Italy.
Renal protective effects of empagliflozin via inhibition of EMT and aberrant glycolysis in proximal tubules.
Electronic Health Use in a Representative Sample of 18,497 Respondents in Norway (The Seventh Tromso Study - Part 1): Population-Based Questionnaire Study.
A Values-Tailored Web-Based Intervention for New Mothers to Increase Infant Vaccine Uptake: Development and Qualitative Study.
Thanatogenomic Investigation of the Hydroxymethylome and Mitochondrial Genome of Cadaveric Cardiomyocytes: Proposal for a Proof-of-Concept Study.
Health Education Serious Games Targeting Health Care Providers, Patients, and Public Health Users: Scoping Review.
Impact of Illness on Electronic Health Use (The Seventh Tromso Study - Part 2): Population-Based Questionnaire Study.
Brain aging comprises many modes of structural and functional change with distinct genetic and biophysical associations.
Identification of scavenger receptor B1 as the airway microfold cell receptor for Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Lack of Vertical Transmission of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2, China.
Vaccinal efficacy of molecularly cloned Gallid alphaherpesvirus 3 strain 301B/1 against very virulent Marek \' s disease virus challenge.
Characterization of tick-borne encephalitis virus isolated from a tick in central Hokkaido in 2017.
Excessive charity: A new aspect of impulse control disorders in Parkinson \' s disease?
Hyperglycemia Acutely Increases Cytosolic Reactive Oxygen Species via O-linked GlcNAcylation and CaMKII Activation in Mouse Ventricular Myocytes.
Effects of apple polyphenols on myofiber-type transformation in longissimus dorsi muscle of finishing pigs.
Comparison of CBCT with different voxel sizes and intraoral scanner for detection of periodontal defects: an in vitro study.
Significance of lncRNA MIR31HG in predicting the prognosis for Chinese patients with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration correlates with prognosis of resected hepatocellular carcinoma.
Perspectives on monoclonal antibody therapy as potential therapeutic intervention for Coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19).
Discovery and Optimization of a Compound Series Active against Trypanosoma cruzi, the Causative Agent of Chagas Disease.
Discovery and development of small-molecule inhibitors of glycogen synthase.
[Aspirin for primary cardiovascular prevention : the end of an era ?]
[Controversies concerning screening and treatment of primary dyslipidemias in 2020].
Myocardial strain on admission predicts disease severity in infants hospitalized for bronchiolitis.
Efficacy of multidomain interventions to improve physical frailty, depression and cognition: data from cluster-randomized controlled trials.
Increased awareness of hypogammaglobulinemia after B-cell targeting therapies.
Pro-fibrotic Activation of Human Macrophages in Systemic Sclerosis.
Factors related to rapid progression of non-small cell lung cancer in Chinese patients treated using single-agent immune checkpoint inhibitor treatment.
Current and future outlook on disease modification and defining low disease activity in systemic sclerosis.
Histology of pediatric classic Hodgkin lymphoma: From diagnosis to prognostic stratification.
Haploinsufficiency of the basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor HAND2 causes congenital heart defects.
Increased blood pressure variability during the subacute phase in patients with ischemic stroke presenting with a low ankle-brachial index.
Percutaneous coronary intervention for left main stem disease: Impact of diabetes mellitus on mortality.
Reply to: Letter to the Editor.
Assessment of risk of variant creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD) from use of bovine heparin.
Activatable Molecular Probes for Second Near-Infrared Fluorescence, Chemiluminescence, and Photoacoustic Imaging.
Frontline Science: Superior mouse eosinophil depletion in vivo targeting transgenic Siglec-8 instead of endogenous Siglec-F: Mechanisms and pitfalls.
Preoperative transfusion versus no transfusion policy in sickle cell disease patients: a randomized trial.
Evaluation of a point-of-care method for screening blood donors for sickle cell status.
Transfusion-associated adverse events and implementation of blood safety measures - findings from the 2017 National Blood Collection and Utilization Survey.
Supplemental findings of the 2017 National Blood Collection and Utilization Survey.
Fibre guiding scaffolds for periodontal tissue engineering.
Clinical and Epidemiological Characteristics of Diabetic Ketoacidosis in Older Adults.
Unique epidemiological and clinical features of the emerging 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19) implicate special control measures.
Insight into the potential application of polyphenol-rich dietary intervention in degenerative disease management.
Odontogenic inflammatory lesions in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A prospective study of 128 cases.
Laboratory surveillance of chikungunya in Madhya Pradesh, India (2016-2017).
Aetiological agents for pulmonary exacerbations in children with cystic fibrosis: An observational study from a tertiary care centre in northern India.
Molecular confirmation &amp; characterization of Rickettsia conorii in north India: A report of three cases.
Thyrotoxic periodic paralysis: A retrospective, observational study from India.
Fulminant amebic colitis: An unusual postoperative complication of intraabdominal malignancy.
Engineering the Fab fragment of the anti-IgE omalizumab to prevent Fab crystallization and permit IgE-Fc complex crystallization.
The crystal structure of the catalytic domain of tau tubulin kinase 2 in complex with a small-molecule inhibitor.
CD4+ regulatory T cells and CD4+ activated T cells in new active and relapse tuberculosis.
Dyspnea and Cough: A Rare Report of the Kimura Disease.
Outpatient Treatment of Hemorrhoidal Disease: The Alternative Way to Treat Hemorrhoidal Disease in a Simple, Safe and Effective Manner.
The role of diabetes mellitus in diseases of the gallbladder and biliary tract.
Coronavirus Disease COVID-19: A New Threat to Public Health.
Network pharmacology-based investigation of the underlying mechanism of Panax notoginseng treatment of diabetic retinopathy.
Random Global and Local Optimal Search Algorithm Based Subset Generation for Diagnosis of Cancer.
Evaluation of LVDD by CCTA with Dual-source CT in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.
A Study on the Auxiliary Diagnosis of Thyroid Disease Images Based on Multiple Dimensional Deep Learning Algorithms.
A Review on Cornea Imaging and Processing Techniques.
Rapidly Progressive Pulmonary Kaposi Sarcoma After Bilateral Sequential Lung Transplant: A Case Report.
Factors Associated With Length of Hospital Stay Following Liver Transplant Surgery.
Machine Perfusion Decreases Delayed Graft Function in Donor Grafts With High Kidney Donor Profile Index.
Bladder schistosomiasis in Italy: A case report.
Adding Epidemiologically Important Meteorological Data to Peanut Rx, the Risk Assessment Framework for Spotted Wilt of Peanut.
Non-metastatic prostate cancer: rationale for conservative treatment and impact on disease-related morbidity and mortality in the elderly.
Graves \'  disease: developments in first-line antithyroid drugs in the young.
Ultrasound findings in infertile women with endometriosis: evidence of concomitant uterine disorders.
Role of the mucins in pathogenesis of COPD: implications for therapy.
Pneumococcal Vaccination in Lung Transplant Patients.
Validating a brief aging perception questionnaire (B-APQ) for older persons with chronic disease in Taiwan.
Benralizumab: an updated treatment of eosinophilic asthma.
Emerging biomarkers in chronic lung allograft dysfunction.
What role should spinal cord MRI take in the future of multiple sclerosis surveillance?
An evaluation of the fixed-dose combination sacubitril/valsartan for the treatment of arterial hypertension.
Off-Label Therapeutic Potential of Crisaborole.
Prevalence of Frequent Mental Distress Among Illinois Adults With Chronic Conditions: Estimates From the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, 2011 to 2017.
[The differential diagnosis of pulmonary infiltrates in cancer patients during the outbreak of the 2019 novel coronavirus disease].
[Epidemiological analysis on a family cluster of COVID-19].
[Investigation and analysis on characteristics of a cluster of COVID-19 associated with exposure in a department store in Tianjin].
[Analysis of bronchoscope-guided tracheal intubation in 12 cases with COVID-19 under the personal protective equipment with positive pressure protective hood].
Repositioned Drugs for Inflammatory Diseases such as Sepsis, Asthma, and Atopic Dermatitis.
Recent Advances in the Development of Novel Drug Candidates for Regulating the Secretion of Pulmonary Mucus.
Critical Roles of Deubiquitinating Enzymes in the Nervous System and Neurodegenerative Disorders.
[Progress on the treatment of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis].
[A method to create a new rat model of combination of disease and syndrome with cervical vertigo hyperactivity of liver yang syndrome].
[Imaging study of lumbosacral multifidus muscle fat changes in patients with lumbar disc herniation].
[Surgical choice of posterior osteotomy way for senile osteoporotic thoracolumbar fracture with kyphosis].
Primary age-related tauopathy in a Chinese cohort.
Amyloid precursor protein regulates 5-fluorouracil resistance in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells by inhibiting the mitochondrial apoptotic pathway.
Regulatory mechanisms and therapeutic potential of microglial inhibitors in neuropathic pain and morphine tolerance.
Roles of pattern recognition receptors in diabetic nephropathy.
Identification of signal peptide features for substrate specificity in human Sec62/Sec63-dependent ER protein import.
"Direct-acting antivirals and hepatocellular carcinoma: no evidence of higher waitlist progression or post-transplant recurrence".
Submuscular pilonidal cyst: a rare presentation of late recurrence of pilonidal disease.
The Vibrio cholerae Type VI Secretion System: Toxins, Regulators and Consequences.
Autoimmune Hepatitis: Highlights for Liver Transplant Providers from the AASLD 2019 Guidelines.
Colorectal disease video channel: free access hub for surgeons, patients and educators.
Randomized controlled trial of 8-week versus 12-week interval between neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and surgery for locally advanced rectal cancer, Terzi C, Bingul M, Cigdem N et al.
How to diagnose heart failure with preserved ejection fraction: the HFA-PEFF diagnostic algorithm: a consensus recommendation from the Heart Failure Association (HFA) of the European Society of Cardiology (ESC).
Maternal mortality due to cardiac disease in low- and middle-income countries.
Mortality among people who inject drugs: Ten-year follow-up of the hepatitis C virus cohort.
Elevated body mass index during pregnancy and gestational weight gain in HIV-infected and -uninfected women in Cape Town, South Africa: association with adverse birth outcomes.
A-kinase interacting protein 1 (AKIP1) associates with advanced overall disease condition, tumor properties, and unfavorable prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
Cognitive impairment, quality of life, and healthcare utilization in patients with chronic kidney disease stages 3-5.
From strawberry gingivitis to palatal perforation: the clinicopathological spectrum of oral mucosal lesions in granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
 Comparison and evaluation of Abbott chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay and ChIVD light-initiated chemiluminescent assay in the detection of Treponema pallidum antibody.
Melatonin protects the retina from experimental non-exudative age-relatd macular degeneration in mice.
The way forward to understand aortic disease.
Pediatric acute graft-versus-host disease prophylaxis and treatment: Real-life approach reveals dissimilarities compared to published recommendations.
Moderate renal impairment does not preclude the accuracy of 24 hour urine normetanephrine measurements for suspected pheochromoctyoma.
Modelling NAFLD disease burden in four Asian regions-2019-2030.
Small fiber neuropathy associated with autoinflammatory syndromes in children.
Associated factors of hope in cancer patients during treatment: a systematic literature review.
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma of bone: A survival analysis from the National Cancer Database.
Adult height in patients with childhood-onset inflammatory bowel disease: a nationwide population-based cohort study.
A simplified qPCR method revealing tRNAome remodeling upon infection by genotype 3 hepatitis E virus.
Colorectal cancer statistics, 2020.
Glucocorticoids delivered by inorganic-organic hybrid nanoparticles mitigate acute graft-versus-host disease and sustain graft-versus-leukemia activity.
The effect of maslinic acid on cognitive dysfunction induced by cholinergic blockade in mice.
Critical role of OX40 in drug-induced acute liver injury.
Disease pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic modelling in acute intermittent porphyria to support the development of mRNA-based therapies.
Modified diagnostic criteria, grading classification and newly elucidated pathophysiology of hepatic SOS/VOD after haematopoietic cell transplantation.
Statins may reduce disease recurrence in patients with ulcerated primary melanoma.
Sclerotherapy versus sham or no intervention for primary prophylaxis of oesophageal variceal bleeding in children with chronic liver disease or portal vein thrombosis.
Low-dose naltrexone in Hailey-Hailey disease: the importance of dosing.
Switching from one infliximab biosimilar (CT-P13) to another infliximab biosimilar (SB2) in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis.
Trends in malignant melanoma mortality in 31 countries from 1985 to 2015.
Temperature as a modifier of the effects of air pollution on cardiovascular disease hospital admissions in Cape Town, South Africa.
Development and feasibility of quantitative dynamic cardiac imaging for mice using muSPECT.
Oats as a Safe Alternative to Triticeae Cereals for People Suffering from Celiac Disease? A Review.
Review of the Clinical Characteristics of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19).
HCV Testing and Treatment in a National Sample of US Federally Qualified Health Centers during the Opioid Epidemic.
Body Mass Index and Age Effects on Brain 11beta-Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase Type 1: a Positron Emission Tomography Study.
Fully endoscopic microvascular decompression of the hemifacial spasm: our experience.
Differentially expressed lncRNAs in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from middle-aged female patients with rheumatoid arthritis-associated interstitial lung disease.
Fatigue and contributing factors in Chinese patients with ankylosing spondylitis.
Impact of Ramadan diurnal intermittent fasting on rheumatic diseases.
Post-transplantation plasma malondialdehyde is associated with cardiovascular mortality in renal transplant recipients: a prospective cohort study.
Genome-wide Association Study of Creativity Reveals Genetic Overlap With Psychiatric Disorders, Risk Tolerance, and Risky Behaviors.
Inflammatory bowel disease in Africa: what is the current state of knowledge?
Can dietary self-reports usefully complement blood concentrations for estimation of micronutrient intake and chronic disease associations?
Differences in Diet Quality among Multiple US Racial/Ethnic Groups from the Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America (MASALA) Study and the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Adherence to the Australian Dietary Guidelines Is Not Associated with Brain Structure or Cognitive Function in Older Adults.
Targeting mitochondrial dysfunction in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Disseminated peritoneal leiomyomatosis: an unusual presentation of intra-abdominal lesion mimicking disseminated malignancy.
Depression, anxiety and stress among patients with hematological malignancies and the association with quality of life: a cross-sectional study.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of microRNAs for Alzheimer \' s disease: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
Diabetogenic effect of gluten in Wistar albino rats: a preliminary preclinical screening.
A comparison of hepatitis E and A in a teaching hospital in Northwestern Romania. Acute hepatitis E - a mild disease?
Factors associated with dental erosions in gastroesophageal reflux disease: a cross-sectional study in patients with heartburn.
The evaluation of oxidative stress in osteoarthritis.
New insights provided by myofibril mechanics in inherited cardiomyopathies.
Parathyroidectomy in First Trimester of Pregnancy.
Skull-Base Inflammatory Pseudotumor Involving the Trigeminal and Facial Nerves: A Singular Presentation of a Rare Disease.
Cardiovascular Health among U.S. Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic and Sex-Specific Systematic Review.
Skin-specific antibodies neutralizing mycolactone toxin during the spontaneous healing of Mycobacterium ulcerans infection.
Surveillance data confirm multiyear predictions of rotavirus dynamics in New York City.
The LISA randomized trial of a weight loss intervention in postmenopausal breast cancer.
Epidemiology of Injuries Sustained in Boys \'  High School Contact and Collision Sports, 2008-2009 Through 2012-2013.
Expression Pattern Analysis of Antiviral Genes and Inflammatory Cytokines in PEDV-Infected Porcine Intestinal Epithelial Cells.
Near Real-Time Monitoring of Clinical Events Detected in Swine Herds in Northeastern Spain.
Cross-Validation of Generic Risk Assessment Tools for Animal Disease Incursion Based on a Case Study for African Swine Fever.
The Role of Multimodality Cardiovascular Imaging in Peripartum Cardiomyopathy.
Directed-Mutagenesis of Flavobacterium meningosepticum Prolyl-Oligopeptidase and a Glutamine-Specific Endopeptidase From Barley.
Endobronchial Valves for the Treatment of Bronchopleural Fistula and Pneumothorax Caused by Pulmonary Cryptococcosis in an AIDS Patient.
Multidisciplinary Approach in the Early Detection of Undiagnosed Connective Tissue Diseases in Patients With Interstitial Lung Disease: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Organoid Models of Human Endometrial Development and Disease.
Beyond the Blood: CSF-Derived cfDNA for Diagnosis and Characterization of CNS Tumors.
Nanoscale Drug Delivery Systems: From Medicine to Agriculture.
An Overlapping Case of Miller Fisher Syndrome and the Pharyngeal-Cervical-Brachial Variant of Guillain-Barre Syndrome.
Behcet \' s Disease and Tuberculosis: A Complex Relationship.
Tuberculoid Leprosy with External Jugular Vein Thrombosis: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Regulation of NK-Cell Function by HLA Class II.
Disruption of Intracellular Calcium Homeostasis as a Therapeutic Target Against Trypanosoma cruzi.
Rapid Detection of Nocardia by Next-Generation Sequencing.
The Engagement Between MDSCs and Metastases: Partners in Crime.
Insights Into Genetic Landscape of Large Granular Lymphocyte Leukemia.
Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma of the Lacrimal Gland: High Dose Adjuvant Proton Therapy to Improve Patients Outcomes.
Metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma in isolated retroperitoneal lymph node without evidence of primary tumor in kidneys: A case report.
Pituitary carcinoma: Two case reports and review of literature.
Pancreatic adenocarcinoma with early esophageal metastasis: A case report and review of literature.
Abdominal metastases of primary extremity soft tissue sarcoma: A systematic review.
Objective response rate assessment in oncology: Current situation and future expectations.
Comparison of Oral versus Intravenous Proton Pump Inhibitors in Preventing Re-bleeding from Peptic Ulcer after Successful Endoscopic Therapy.
Endoscopic Surgical Repair of a Giant, Postoperative, Neglected Meningoencephalocele.
A Case of Blunt Trauma-induced ST-elevation Myocardial Infarction Sustained During a Prison Brawl.
The Relationship between Cognitive Impairment and Coronary Artery Disease in Middle-aged Adults.
Incidence of Hyperuricemia in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction - A Case-Control Study.
Giant Cell Myocarditis: A Time Sensitive Distant Diagnosis.
Fluorometric optical sensor arrays for the detection of urinary bladder cancer specific volatile organic compounds in the urine of patients with frank hematuria: a prospective case-control study.
Deep learning-based single-shot prediction of differential effects of anti-VEGF treatment in patients with diabetic macular edema.
Three-dimensional imaging of cell and extracellular matrix elasticity using quantitative micro-elastography.
Light-assisted drying for anhydrous preservation of biological samples: optical characterization of the trehalose preservation matrix.
In vivo imaging of corneal nerves and cellular structures in mice with Gabor-domain optical coherence microscopy.
Development of microRNA-based therapy for pancreatic cancer.
Gap in measles vaccination coverage among children aged 9 months to 10 years in Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam, 2014.
Meteorological factors associated with hand, foot and mouth disease in a Central Highlands province in Viet Nam: an ecological study.
Case-control study of risk factors for incident syphilis infection among men who have sex with men in Tokyo, Japan.
Reducing maternal mortality in China in the era of the two-child policy.
Implementing essential interventions for cardiovascular disease risk management in primary healthcare: lessons from Eastern Europe and Central Asia.
The household economic burden of non-communicable diseases in 18 countries.
Are low and middle-income countries prioritising high-value healthcare interventions?
Towards systematic evaluation of epidemic responses during humanitarian crises: a scoping review of existing public health evaluation frameworks.
Tuberculosis case fatality in India: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The multi-sectorial emergency response to a cholera outbreak in Internally Displaced Persons camps in Borno State, Nigeria, 2017.
Using  \' smart regulation \'  to tackle antimicrobial resistance in low-income and middle-income countries.
The role of HIV viral load in mathematical models of HIV transmission and treatment: a review.
Impact of school-based malaria case management on school attendance, health and education outcomes: a cluster randomised trial in southern Malawi.
Phase-adjusted estimation of the number of Coronavirus Disease 2019 cases in Wuhan, China.
Structure and plasticity of silent synapses in developing hippocampal neurons visualized by super-resolution imaging.
Biomimetic nanoparticle technology for cardiovascular disease detection and treatment.
HLA-DRB1 allele impact on pediatric multiple sclerosis in a Hellenic cohort.
Prevalence of pulmonary arterial hypertension in the Camerino area of central Italy and savings resulting from generic bosentan.
Anticoagulant and antiplatelet combined therapy in patients 75 years and over with atrial fibrillation: a prospective observational study assessing adherence to clinical guidelines.
Nasal unsedated seated percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy (nuPEG): a safe and effective technique for percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy placement in high-risk candidates.
Open access publishing in gastroenterology: good for the researcher and good for the public!
Guts UK/Dr Falk Pharma UK Awards.
G-Eye: ocular manifestations of gastrointestinal disease.
Paediatric parenteral nutrition: current issues.
Rational investigations in irritable bowel syndrome.
Recent advances in alcoholic hepatitis.
Endoscopic surveillance strategies for dysplasia in ulcerative colitis.
Association of trough vedolizumab levels with clinical, biological and endoscopic outcomes during maintenance therapy in inflammatory bowel disease.
Early real-world effectiveness of ustekinumab for Crohn \' s disease.
Type of sedation and the need for unplanned interventions during ERCP: analysis of the clinical outcomes research initiative national endoscopic database (CORI-NED).
On the path to detecting significant liver disease.
Are Lipid Profile, Body Mass Index, Waist Circumference, and Blood Pressure of Depressed Elderly Patients Different from Healthy Subjects?
Design, Formulation, and Physicochemical Evaluation of Vaginal Cream Containing Eucalyptus camaldulensis, Viola odorata, and Mentha piperita extracts for Prevention and Treatment of Trichomoniasis.
The Challenges of Iran \' s Type 2 Diabetes Prevention and Control Program.
Association between Dietary Intakes of Tea, Coffee, and Soft Drinks in Patients Undergoing Coronary Angiography with Coronary Artery Stenosis.
From Iceberg of Pre-diabetes to Poor Glycemic Control in Diabetics: An Elderly Based Study in Shiraz, South of Iran.
Revising the Comprehensive Feeding Practices Questionnaire Used in Planning Preventive Overweight, Obesity, and Underweight Programs for 2-5-year-old Children.
The Physical Exercise as a Strategy of Reduce Costs with Medicine for Aged.
Synthesis and evaluation of a prodrug of 5-aminosalicylic acid for the treatment of ulcerative colitis.
Is dual therapy the correct strategy in frail elderly patients with atrial fibrillation and acute coronary syndrome?
Genetic and Clinical Analyses of 13 Chinese Families With Cystine Urolithiasis and Identification of 15 Novel Pathogenic Variants in SLC3A1 and SLC7A9.
Identification of Multigene Biomarker for Shrimp White Feces Syndrome by Full-Length Transcriptome Sequencing.
BCAP Regulates Dendritic Cell Maturation Through the Dual-Regulation of NF-kappaB and PI3K/AKT Signaling During Infection.
A Comparison of Immunoglobulin Variable Region N-Linked Glycosylation in Healthy Donors, Autoimmune Disease and Lymphoma.
Reduced Let-7f in Bone Marrow-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Triggers Treg/Th17 Imbalance in Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Strategies to Dissect Host-Microbial Immune Interactions That Determine Mucosal Homeostasis vs. Intestinal Inflammation in Gnotobiotic Mice.
The Use of Both Therapeutic and Prophylactic Vaccines in the Therapy of Papillomavirus Disease.
Strong CD4 T Cell Responses to Zika Virus Antigens in a Cohort of Dengue Virus Immune Mothers of Congenital Zika Virus Syndrome Infants.
Host and Microbial Tryptophan Metabolic Profiling in Multiple Sclerosis.
Characterization of Growth Morphology and Pathology, and Draft Genome Sequencing of Botrytis fabae, the Causal Organism of Chocolate Spot of Faba Bean (Vicia faba L.).
Invasion of Host Cells by Microsporidia.
Interfering Role of ERalpha on Adiponectin Action in Breast Cancer.
Pre- and Post-diagnosis Diabetes as a Risk Factor for All-Cause and Cancer-Specific Mortality in Breast, Prostate, and Colorectal Cancer Survivors: a Prospective Cohort Study.
Response: Commentary: Using Directional Deep Brain Stimulation to Co-activate the Subthalamic Nucleus and Zona Incerta for Overlapping Essential Tremor/Parkinson \' s Disease Symptoms.
Sex Differences in Long-Term Mortality and Functional Outcome After Rehabilitation in Patients With Severe Stroke.
Brain Resting-State Network Alterations Associated With Crohn \' s Disease.
A Scoping Review of Inborn Errors of Metabolism Causing Progressive Intellectual and Neurologic Deterioration (PIND).
Determination of Chitin Content in Insects: An Alternate Method Based on Calcofluor Staining.
Topical Application of Wogonin Provides a Novel Treatment of Knee Osteoarthritis.
Modeling Bainbridge-Ropers Syndrome in Xenopus laevis Embryos.
Phytopharmacology and Clinical Updates of Berberis Species Against Diabetes and Other Metabolic Diseases.
On the Origin of Shame: Does Shame Emerge From an Evolved Disease-Avoidance Architecture?
Case-Control Study of the Effects of Gut Microbiota Composition on Neurotransmitter Metabolic Pathways in Children With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
Functional Integration and Segregation in Multiplex Brain Networks for Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Src Inhibition Attenuates Neuroinflammation and Protects Dopaminergic Neurons in Parkinson \' s Disease Models.
BRCA2 genemutation, c.2808_2811delACAA (p.Ala938Profs), in malebreastcancer - clinicopathologicalanalysisbased on a case report.
Intensity of menopausal symptoms and quality of life in climacteric women.
Dual Loading of Nanoparticles with Doxorubicin and Icotinib for the Synergistic Suppression of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Inverse Association between Metformin and Amiodarone-Associated Extracardiac Adverse Events.
Altered Long Non-coding RNAs Involved in Immunological Regulation and Associated with Choroidal Neovascularization in Mice.
Renal Transplantation after Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement: Case Report.
Does Heart Valve Team Risk Assessment Predict Outcomes after Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement?
Triglycerides and Cardiovascular Outcomes-Can We REDUCE-IT ?
Beyond Numbers - Recent Understanding of Emotional Needs of Persons Diagnosed with Cancer 2007-2018.
The Effect of Complementary and Alternative Medicines on Quality of Life in Patients with Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review.
Lived Experience of Spouses of Persons with Motor Neuron Disease: Preliminary Findings through Interpretative Phenomenological Analysis.
Assessment of Quality of Life among End-Stage Renal Disease Patients Undergoing Maintenance Hemodialysis.
HealthCare-Related Quality of Life and Lived Existential Experiences among Young Adults Diagnosed with Cancer: A Mixed-Method Study.
Quality of Sleep in Patients with Cancer: A Cross-sectional Observational Study.
Modelling for Taenia solium control strategies beyond 2020.
Effectiveness of generic direct-acting agents for the treatment of hepatitis C: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Measuring antibiotic availability and use in 20 low- and middle-income countries.
A programme to improve quality of care for patients with chronic diseases, Kazakhstan.
HUMAN PILOT STUDY OF BARE-METAL STENT: INC-01.
NEUTROPHIL SCATTERING DATA DRIVEN PRE-MICROSCOPIC FLAGGING OF ACUTE LEUKEMIC CASES.
Another step forward in blood-based diagnostics for Alzheimer \' s disease.
Alcohol-derived DNA crosslinks are repaired by two distinct mechanisms.
Glucagon stimulates gluconeogenesis by INSP3R1-mediated hepatic lipolysis.
A pathway coordinated by DELE1 relays mitochondrial stress to the cytosol.
Synaptotagmin 13 - the key to cell resilience in motor neuron disease?
Defining trained immunity and its role in health and disease.
Screening for potent and selective anticlostridial leads among FDA-approved drugs.
Effects of tryptophan, serotonin, and kynurenine on ischemic heart diseases and its risk factors: a Mendelian Randomization study.
Correction: PD-L1 in small bowel adenocarcinoma is associated with etiology and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes, in addition to microsatellite instability.
Targeting the cholinergic system in Parkinson \' s disease.
Should persons with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in 1st histological complete remission who are measurable residual disease (MRD) test positive receive an allotransplant?
Chronic oral administration of adipoRon reverses cognitive impairments and ameliorates neuropathology in an Alzheimer \' s disease mouse model.
Impact of change in bedtime variability on body composition and inflammation: secondary findings from the Go Red for Women Strategically Focused Research Network.
Immunotherapeutic potential of CD4 and CD8 single-positive T cells in thymic epithelial tumors.
Effect of osmolytes on in-vitro aggregation properties of peptides derived from TGFBIp.
Paclitaxel-induced peripheral neuropathy is caused by epidermal ROS and mitochondrial damage through conserved MMP-13 activation.
A durable murine model of spleen transplantation with arterial and venous anastomoses.
Complete Profiling of Methyl-CpG-Binding Domains for Combinations of Cytosine Modifications at CpG Dinucleotides Reveals Differential Read-out in Normal and Rett-Associated States.
Acute effects of ambient PM2.5 on lung function among schoolchildren.
Indirect regulation of TFPI-2 expression by miR-494 in breast cancer cells.
Exploring the association of Bone Alkaline Phosphatases And Hearing Loss.
Food additives: distribution and co-occurrence in 126,000 food products of the French market.
Etiologic features of diarrheagenic microbes in stool specimens from patients with acute diarrhea in Thailand.
Theileria parasites subvert E2F signaling to stimulate leukocyte proliferation.
Publisher Correction: Enabling precision medicine by unravelling disease pathophysiology: quantifying signal transduction pathway activity across cell and tissue types.
Retinal biomarkers and pharmacological targets for Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 7.
Basic Limonoid modulates Chaperone-mediated Proteostasis and dissolve Tau fibrils.
In vitro and intracellular activities of frog skin temporins against Legionella pneumophila and its eukaryotic hosts.
Lactation stage impacts the glycolytic function of bovine CD4+ T cells during ex vivo activation.
Extracellular vesicle-miRNAs as liquid biopsy biomarkers for disease identification and prognosis in metastatic colorectal cancer patients.
Therapeutic potential of KLF2-induced exosomal microRNAs in pulmonary hypertension.
Enhanced heat tolerance of viral-infected aphids leads to niche expansion and reduced interspecific competition.
Veno-occlusive disease/sinusoidal obstruction syndrome in patients with prior gemtuzumab ozogamicin: literature analysis of survival after defibrotide treatment.
The Effects of Social Support on Sleep Quality of Medical Staff Treating Patients with Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) in January and February 2020 in China.
Neoadjuvant Capecitabine/Temozolomide for Locally Advanced or Metastatic Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors.
Routine Chest Computed Tomography for Staging of Pancreatic Head Carcinoma.
Prognostic Value and Clinical Predictors of Lymph Node Metastases in Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors.
Secretin-Stimulated Magnetic Resonance Imaging Reveals Variable Diagnostic Accuracy According to Etiology in Pancreatic Disease.
Feasibility of a Nonmydriatic Ocular Fundus Camera in an Outpatient Neurology Clinic.
Neuroimaging in the Diagnosis of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy: A Systematic Review.
A Reminder for Evidence-Based Data When Introducing New Technology.
Telehealth technology: Reducing barriers for rural residents seeking genetic counseling.
Combined Use of Common Fecal and Blood Markers for Detection of Endoscopically Active Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Persistence and Progression of Airway Obstruction in Children With Early Onset Scoliosis.
A Comparison of Transphyseal Neck-Head Tunneling and Multiple Epiphyseal Drilling on Femoral Head Healing Following Ischemic Osteonecrosis: An Experimental Investigation in Immature Pigs.
Family history of premature myocardial infarction modifies the associations between bilateral oophorectomy and cardiovascular disease mortality in a US national cohort of postmenopausal women.
The Women \' s Health Initiative Estrogen-alone Trial had differential disease and medical expenditure consequences across age groups.
Is cuffless blood pressure measurement already here?
Angiotensin receptor neprolysin inhibitors: a novel approach to prevent cardiorenal disease in diabetes mellitus.
Blood pressure variability and risk of stroke in chronic kidney disease.
Editorial: Nitro-fatty acids: novel drug candidates for the co-treatment of atherosclerosis and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Editorial: Clonal hematopoiesis: a link between inflammation, ageing and cardiovascular disease.
Emotion Recognition in Patients With Parkinson Disease: Erratum.
Social Cognition and White Matter: Connectivity and Cooperation.
The Impairment of Number Transcoding Abilities in Individuals with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease: Associations With Attentional and Executive Functions.
Identification of Subtle Verbal Memory Deficits in Premanifest Huntington Disease Using the California Verbal Learning Test.
Non-surgical mouse model of endometriosis-associated pain that responds to clinically active drugs.
The glomerular crescent: triggers, evolution, resolution, and implications for therapy.
Evaluation of factors associated with the risk stratification of survivorship for stage IV squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity: A 10-year retrospective study.
Catechin inhibiting the H1N1 influenza virus associated with the regulation of autophagy.
First Line Combination Immunotherapy for Metastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.
The explosive epidemic outbreak of novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) and the persistent threat of respiratory tract infectious diseases to global health security.
Cardiopulmonary Endurance of Hospitalized Older Adults with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Artificial intelligence in inflammatory bowel disease: current status and opportunities.
Long-Term Clinical Outcomes of Autologous Bone Marrow Mononuclear Cell Implantation in Patients With Severe Thromboangiitis Obliterans.
Quality of Life Following Peroral Endoscopic Myotomy for Esophageal Achalasia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Frequency of Seaweed Intake and Its Association with Cardiovascular Disease Mortality: The JACC Study.
Gap-related Pulmonary Vein and Left Atrial Flutter Mimicking Cavotricuspid Isthmus-dependent Atrial Flutter.
Pulmonary Malignant Ameloblastoma without Local Recurrence 31 Years after Primary Resection: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Underexpression of SRSF3 and its target gene RBMX predicts good prognosis in patients with head and neck cancer.
Better Retention of Abatacept Is Associated with High Rheumatoid Factor: A Five-Year Follow-Up Study of Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Ischemia-Modified Albumin Is Associated with Arterial Stiffness in Hemodialysis Patients.
Toll-Like Receptor 7 Stimulation Promotes the Development of Atherosclerosis in Apolipoprotein E-Deficient Mice.
Anxiety Administrated by Dexmedetomidine to Prevent New-Onset of Postoperative Atrial Fibrillation in Patients Undergoing Off-Pump Coronary Artery Bypass Graft.
Cytoprotective effects evaluation of A novel danshensu derivative DEX-018 against oxidative stress injury in HUVECs.
A case report.
Clinical characteristics of anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis in children.
Accuracy and influential factors for hypertension prevalence based on questionnaire interview.
Evaluation of myocardial perfusion and systolic function in patients with different degree of coronary artery stenosis by MCE and 2D-STI.
Effects of non-caloric ultrashort wave on the expression of CoQ10 and C1GALT1C1 in rats with cerebral ischemia reperfusion injury.
Expression of autophagy related gene 5 and cyclin E in coronary heart disease and its clinical significance.
Novel infections of Corynosoma enhydri and Profilicollis sp. (Acanthocephala: Polymorphidae) identified in sea otters Enhydra lutris.
Ecology, histopathology, and microbial ecology of a white-band disease outbreak in the threatened staghorn coral Acropora cervicornis.
Development and application of a qPCR assay targeting Ichthyophthirius multifiliis in environmental water samples.
Urban environment and reservoir host species are associated with Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis infection prevalence in the common toad.
A neglected fish stressor: mechanical disturbance during transportation impacts susceptibility to disease in a globally important ornamental fish.
Low intraspecific variation of Frog virus 3 with evidence for novel FV3-like isolates in central and northwestern Canada.
Detection of ostreid herpesvirus-1 in plankton and seawater samples at an estuary scale.
Astrocytes modulate baroreflex sensitivity at the level of the nucleus of the solitary tract.
Self-reported Health Literacy Among North Carolina Adults and Associations with Health Status and Chronic Health Conditions.
The Bewildering Antitubercular Action of Pyrazinamide.
Microbiota-Propelled T Helper 17 Cells in Inflammatory Diseases and Cancer.
Quantitative profiling of the human substantia nigra proteome from laser-capture microdissected FFPE tissue.
Associations between greenspace and mortality vary across contexts of community change: a longitudinal ecological study.
Anatomy and function of the fornix in the context of its potential as a therapeutic target.
A potent peptide-steroid conjugate accumulates in cartilage and reverses arthritis without evidence of systemic corticosteroid exposure.
Improved molecular diagnosis of COVID-19 by the novel, highly sensitive and specific COVID-19-RdRp/Hel real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction assay validated in vitro and with clinical specimens.
A Fully Automated Multiplex Assay for the Diagnosis of Lyme Disease with High Specificity and Improved Early Sensitivity.
Development of a Sensitive and Rapid Recombinase Polymerase Amplification Assay for the Detection of Anaplasma phagocytophilum.
High Content Screening, a reliable system for Coxiella burnetii isolation from clinical samples.
Nanopore sequencing reveals novel targets for the diagnosis and surveillance of human and avian influenza A virus.
Work-related adverse respiratory health outcomes at a machine manufacturing facility with a cluster of bronchiolitis, alveolar ductitis and emphysema (BADE).
A Novel Neutralizing Antibody Targeting a Unique Cross-Reactive Epitope on the hi Loop of Domain II of the Envelope Protein Protects Mice against Duck Tembusu Virus.
Teaching Video NeuroImages: Intralabyrinthine schwannoma masquerading as Meniere disease.
Development of a novel beta-1,6-glucan-specific detection system using functionally modified recombinant endo-beta-1,6-glucanase.
Identification and analyses of inhibitors targeting apolipoprotein(a) kringle domains KIV-7, KIV-10, and KV provide insight into kringle domain function.
Culture-Confirmed Invasive Meningococcal Disease in Canada, 2010 to 2014: Characterization of Serogroup B Neisseria meningitidis Strains and Their Predicted Coverage by the 4CMenB Vaccine.
The Changing Landscape of Fabry Disease.
Safety of Liraglutide in Type 2 Diabetes and Chronic Kidney Disease.
Proposal for prevention and control of the 2019 novel coronavirus disease in newborn infants.
First-in-human, robotic-assisted neuroendovascular intervention.
Anticipated impacts of Brexit scenarios on UK food prices and implications for policies on poverty and health: a structured expert judgement approach.
Do employer-sponsored health insurance schemes affect the utilisation of medically trained providers and out-of-pocket payments among ready-made garment workers? A case-control study in Bangladesh.
Insurance Coverage, Employment Status, and Financial Well-Being of Young Women Diagnosed with Breast Cancer.
Evidence from randomised trials linking intake of red meat to diseases-including cardiovascular disease and cancer-is weak.
Clinical validation of qPCR Target Selector  assays using highly specific switch-blockers for rare mutation detection.
Addressing Disparities in Cancer Screening among U.S. Immigrants: Progress and Opportunities.
Reducing Ovarian Cancer Mortality Through Early Detection: Approaches Using Circulating Biomarkers.
Surgical excision of post-traumatic myositis ossificans of the adductor longus in a football player.
Fast Algorithms for Conducting Large-Scale GWAS of Age-at-Onset Traits Using Cox Mixed-Effects Models.
Rapid access to multidisciplinary diabetes foot care teams.
Hybrid Minimally-invasive Esophagectomy for Esophageal Cancer: Clinical and Oncological Outcomes.
Factors Affecting Colorectal Polyp and Cancer Detection Rates in Patients Referred Urgently for Suspected Bowel Cancer.
Primary Sarcoma of the Lung - Prognostic Value of Clinicopathological Characteristics of 26 Cases.
Impact of Postoperative Complications on Recurrence in Patients With Stage II/III Gastric Cancer Who Received Adjuvant Chemotherapy With S-1.
Mucinous Adenocarcinoma as a High-risk Factor in Stage II Colorectal Cancer: A Propensity Score-matched Study from Japan.
Adult Lymphangioma of the Oropharynx: A Case Report.
Phase II Study of Second-line Chemotherapy With Paclitaxel, Gemcitabine, and Cisplatin for Advanced Urothelial Carcinoma.
Prevalence and Risk Factors for Oral HPV in Healthy Population, in Central Europe.
Prospective Feasibility Study of Amrubicin and Bevacizumab Therapy for Patients With Previously Treated Advanced NSCLC.
Impact of Extent of Lymphadenectomy on Survival in Patients With Endometrial Cancer: A Matched Cohort Study.
Symptom Burden in Patients With Oligometastases at the Start of Palliative Radiotherapy.
Polycystic Liver Disease in a Patient With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma: A Case Report.
Chondrosarcoma of the Chest Wall: A Review of 53 Cases from Two Institutions.
Clinicopathological and Prognostic Significance of Programmed Death Ligand 1 Expression in Korean Patients With Triple-negative Breast Carcinoma.
Immunoglobulin Restores Immune Responses to BTH1677 in Patients With Low Levels of Antibodies to Beta-glucan.
Soluble Endoglin (sCD105) as a Novel Biomarker for Detecting Aggressive Prostate Cancer.
Changes in Serum Interleukin-8 and sRAGE Levels in Multiple Myeloma Patients.
The Dual Function of Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor in Bladder Carcinogenesis.
EMA suspends licence for ingenol mebutate (Picato).
The Long-term Effects of Metformin on Patients With Type 2 Diabetic Kidney Disease.
Egg consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease: three large prospective US cohort studies, systematic review, and updated meta-analysis.
Associations of habitual fish oil supplementation with cardiovascular outcomes and all cause mortality: evidence from a large population based cohort study.
Egg consumption and cardiovascular disease.
Irreversible electroporation after induction chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer: A propensity score matching analysis.
Serum metabolites associate with lipid phenotypes among Bogalusa Heart Study participants.
Treating Brain Metastases from Breast Cancer: Outcomes after Stereotactic Radiosurgery.
MRI findings in calcific deposits in and around shoulder: atypical locations beyond supraspinatus.
Association between Chinese Famine Exposure and the Risk of Overweight/Obesity and Abdominal Obesity in Laterlife: A Cross-sectional Study.
Frequent Import and Multiple Sources of Dengue Fever have Changed the Epidemic Situation of the Disease in Fujian Province, China.
Comparison of the Pathogenicity of Neisseria meningitidis Isolates of Hyperinvasive Sequence Type 7 Belonging to Serogroups A, B, C, and X.
Cross-neutralizing Anti-hemagglutinin Antibodies Isolated from Patients Infected with Avian Influenza A (H5N1) Virus.
[Roles of Cilia in Heart Development and Congenital Heart Disease].
[Values of Body Mass Index and Chest CT Features in the Assessment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease].
Pre-operative neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio predicts low cardiac output in children after cardiac surgery.
Episodic Memory and Hippocampal Volume Predict 5-Year Mild Cognitive Impairment Conversion in Healthy Apolipoprotein epsilon4 Carriers.
Managing depressive symptoms in people with mild cognitive impairment and mild dementia with a multicomponent psychotherapy intervention: a randomized controlled trial.
Escalating infection control response to the rapidly evolving epidemiology of the Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) due to SARS-CoV-2 in Hong Kong.
Protecting Chinese Healthcare Workers While Combating the 2019 Novel Coronavirus.
Hippocampal tau oligomerization early in tau pathology coincides with a transient alteration of mitochondrial homeostasis and DNA repair in a mouse model of tauopathy.
Protective effects of human iPS-derived retinal pigmented epithelial cells on retinal degenerative disease.
Comparison of amyloid PET measured in Centiloid units with neuropathological findings in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Insensitivity versus poor response to tumour necrosis factor inhibitors in rheumatoid arthritis: a retrospective cohort study.
Small-angle X-ray scattering characterization of a [Formula: see text]-amyloid model in phantoms.
Association between furosemide administration and outcomes in critically ill patients with acute kidney injury.
Laryngeal chondritis as a differential for upper airway diseases in German sheep.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identified novel variant associated with hallux valgus in Caucasians.
Factors impacting referral of JIA patients to a tertiary level pediatric rheumatology center in North India: a retrospective cohort study.
Assessment of carotid atherosclerotic disease using three-dimensional cardiovascular magnetic resonance vessel wall imaging: comparison with digital subtraction angiography.
Five-year cost-effectiveness analysis of the European Fans in Training (EuroFIT) physical activity intervention for men versus no intervention.
A comparison of self-reported and device measured sedentary behaviour in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Adaptive NKG2C+ natural killer cells are related to exacerbations and nutritional abnormalities in COPD patients.
Assessment of subpatent Plasmodium infection in northwestern Ethiopia.
Engineering probiotics as living diagnostics and therapeutics for improving human health.
Error-corrected sequencing strategies enable comprehensive detection of leukemic mutations relevant for diagnosis and minimal residual disease monitoring.
Field trial to evaluate the effect of an intranasal respiratory vaccine protocol on bovine respiratory disease incidence and growth in a commercial calf rearing unit.
Severity of illness and the weekend mortality effect: a retrospective cohort study.
Challenges with scale-up of GeneXpert MTB/RIF  in Uganda: a health systems perspective.
Bivalent promoter hypermethylation in cancer is linked to the H327me3/H3K4me3 ratio in embryonic stem cells.
Associations of leptin and adiponectin with incident type 2 diabetes and interactions among African Americans: the Jackson heart study.
Blood pressure after PREeclampsia/HELLP by SELF monitoring (BP-PRESELF): rationale and design of a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
A randomized controlled trial of an educational intervention to promote oral and dental health of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
How well do elderly patients with major depressive disorder respond to antidepressants: a systematic review and single-group meta-analysis.
Are countries \'  self-reported assessments of their capacity for infectious disease control reliable? Associations among countries \'  self-reported international health regulation 2005 capacity assessments and infectious disease control outcomes.
Risk factor analysis of insufficient fluid intake among urban adults in Wuxi, China: a classification and regression tree analysis.
Lung transplant referral practice patterns: a survey of cystic fibrosis physicians and general pulmonologists.
Prognostic value of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in patients with triple-negative breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum miRNAs, a potential prognosis marker of loco-regionally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients treated with CCRT.
Evaluation of tear film and the morphological changes of meibomian glands in young Asian soft contact lens wearers and non-wearers.
Increased PD-1-positive macrophages in the tissue of gastric cancer are closely associated with poor prognosis in gastric cancer patients.
Novel pathogenic VPS13A mutation in Moroccan family with Choreoacanthocytosis: a case report.
Granulomatosis with polyangiitis in a patient treated with dabrafenib and trametinib for BRAF V600E positive lung adenocarcinoma.
Serum-to-urine renalase ratio and renalase fractional excretion in healthy adults and chronic kidney disease patients.
Explaining age disparities in tuberculosis burden in Taiwan: a modelling study.
Clostridioides difficile associated peritonitis in peritoneal dialysis patients - a case series based review of an under-recognized entity with therapeutic challenges.
Animal sources for zoonotic transmission of psittacosis: a systematic review.
Agreement of claims-based methods for identifying sepsis with clinical criteria in the REasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) cohort.
Medication burden and inappropriate prescription risk among elderly with advanced chronic kidney disease.
Three-dimensional in vitro Oral Mucosa Models of Fungal and Bacterial Infections.
Structural doubling time predicts overall survival in patients with medullary thyroid cancer in patients with rapidly progressive metastatic medullary thyroid cancer treated with molecular targeted therapies.
Resveratrol Binding to Human Complement fragment 5a (hC5a) may Modulate the C5aR Signaling Axes.
Contribution of general practitioners and sexual health centres to sexually transmitted infection consultations in five Dutch regions using laboratory data of Chlamydia trachomatis testing.
Sex Differences in 1-Year Health Status Following Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in Patients Without Acute Myocardial Infarction: Results From the China PEACE Prospective Study.
LncRNAs in molluscan and mammalian stages of parasitic schistosomes are developmentally-regulated and coordinately expressed with protein-coding genes.
Lysosomal degradation of depolarized mitochondria is rate-limiting in OPTN-dependent neuronal mitophagy.
Ultrasound in Hepatic Veno-occlusive Disease (HVOD) after Pediatric Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation (HSCT): Comparison of Diagnostic Criteria Including the Pediatric Criteria of European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT).
A Simplified Screening Questionnaire for Detecting Severe OSA in Chronic Obstructive Airway Disease in Asian Population.
The Impact of Pulmonary Rehabilitation on Chronic Pain in People with COPD.
Quality of life outcomes in APOLLO, the phase 3 trial of the RNAi therapeutic patisiran in patients with hereditary transthyretin-mediated amyloidosis.
Massive Bilateral Hydroureteronephrosis and End-Stage Renal Disease Ensuing From Chronic Schistosomiasis: A Case Report.
Disseminated Coccidioidomycosis to the Gallbladder.
Reactive Sulfur Species: A New Redox Player in Cardiovascular Pathophysiology.
B Lymphocytes and Adipose Tissue Inflammation.
Activated Platelets Induce Endothelial Cell Inflammatory Response in Psoriasis Via COX-1 (Cyclooxygenase-2).
A mobile application to monitor mode, content and duration of health navigation services for people living with HIV in Guatemala.
Difference in HIV prevalence by testing venue: results from population level survey in Uganda.
The Role of the Microbiome in Mediating Health Effects of Dietary Components.
Multi-functional detection of extracellular vesicles with surface plasmon resonance microscopy.
Outcomes of bedside peripherally inserted central catheter placement: a retrospective study at a single institution.
The role of bilirubin to albumin ratio as a predictor for mortality in critically ill patients without existing liver or biliary tract disease.
Elixhauser comorbidity measures-based risk factors associated with 30-day mortality in elderly population after femur fracture surgery: a propensity scorematched retrospective case-control study.
Role of phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitors in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Mechanism of Anti-Cancer Activity of Curcumin on Androgen-Dependent and Androgen-Independent Prostate Cancer.
Immune Phenotype and Functionality of Mtb-Specific T-Cells in HIV/TB Co-Infected Patients on Antiretroviral Treatment.
Fluorescence Differentiation of ATP-related Multiple Enzymatic Activities in Synovial Fluid as a Marker of Calcium Pyrophosphate Deposition Disease using Kyoto Green.
Aggregatibacter, A Low Abundance Pathobiont That Influences Biogeography, Microbial Dysbiosis, and Host Defense Capabilities in Periodontitis: The History of A Bug, And Localization of Disease.
Effects of Liraglutide on Myocardial Function After Cardiac Surgery: A Secondary Analysis of the Randomised Controlled GLOBE Trial.
Medical Named Entity Extraction from Chinese Resident Admit Notes Using Character and Word Attention-Enhanced Neural Network.
Canonical Correlation between Behavioral-Psychological Variables and Predictors of Coronary Artery Disease Prognosis.
3,2 \' -Dihydroxyflavone Improves the Proliferation and Survival of Human Pluripotent Stem Cells and Their Differentiation into Hematopoietic Progenitor Cells.
Development and Radiation Response Assessment in A Novel Syngeneic Mouse Model of Tongue Cancer: 2D Culture, 3D Organoids and Orthotopic Allografts.
Development of PCR-Based Detection System for Soft Rot Pectobacteriaceae Pathogens Using Molecular Signatures.
Systematic Review of Polygenic Risk Scores for Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes.
The Potential Role of Selected miRNA in Uveal Melanoma Primary Tumors as Early Biomarkers of Disease Progression.
Beneficial and Detrimental Effects of Regulatory T Cells in Neurotropic Virus Infections.
Modeling the Genetic Basis of Individual Differences in Susceptibility to Gulf War Illness.
Functional Biomarkers for the Selenium Status in a Human Nutritional Intervention Study.
Relationship Between Changes in Myocardial F-18 Fluorodeoxyglucose Uptake and Radiation Dose After Adjuvant Three-Dimensional Conformal Radiotherapy in Patients with Breast Cancer.
Determining the Significance of Coronary Plaque Lesions: Physiological Stenosis Severity and Plaque Characteristics.
Phytopharmacological Strategies in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Exosomes: From Potential Culprits to New Therapeutic Promise in the Setting of Cardiac Fibrosis.
In Vitro, In Silico, and In Vivo Assessments of Pharmacokinetic Properties of ZM241385.
Dropping the Ball? The Welfare of Ball Pythons Traded in the EU and North America.
The Quest for Cellular Prion Protein Functions in the Aged and Neurodegenerating Brain.
Discovery of 1-Pyrimidinyl-2-Aryl-4,6-Dihydropyrrolo [3,4-d]Imidazole-5(1H)-Carboxamide as a Novel JNK Inhibitor.
Hepatocyte Injury and Hepatic Stem Cell Niche in the Progression of Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Cardioprotective Potential of Human Endothelial-Colony Forming Cells from Diabetic and Nondiabetic Donors.
Vaccination Against Amyloidogenic Aggregates in Pancreatic Islets Prevents Development of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A Comparison of the Nephrotoxicity of Low Doses of Cadmium and Lead.
Glioma Grading via Analysis of Digital Pathology Images Using Machine Learning.
Metabolic Fingerprint of Turner Syndrome.
WNK1 Kinase Stimulates Angiogenesis to Promote Tumor Growth and Metastasis.
Neurogenic heterotopic ossification in Guillain-Barre syndrome: a rare case report.
Characterisation of peripheral bone mineral density in youth at risk of secondary osteoporosis - a preliminary insight.
Nivolumab (nivo) plus ipilimumab (ipi), nivo, or placebo (pbo) as maintenance therapy in patients (pts) with extensive disease small cell lung cancer (ED-SCLC) after first-line (1L) platinum-based chemotherapy (chemo): Results from the double-blind, randomized phase III CheckMate 451 study.
Prevalence of programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) by demographic, disease and sample characteristics in unresectable, stage III NSCLC (PACIFIC).
Lung resection for cancer in patients with heart disease: Management and postoperative outcome.
Evaluation of a care path for patients with lung tumors and co-existing interstitial lung disease.
A Mendelian randomization study of the effects of Crohn \' s disease on lung cancer.
Diagnostic accuracy of droplet digital PCR (ddPCR) and amplification refractory mutation system PCR (ARMS-PCR) for detecting EGFR mutation in cell-free DNA of advanced lung cancer: A meta-analysis.
Impacts of HDAC2 inhibition on lung cancer treatment.
An Optimization of AAV-82Q-Delivered Rat Model of Huntington \' s Disease.
Small for gestational age babies and depressive symptoms of mothers during pregnancy: Results from a birth cohort in India.
[Mental health survey of 230 medical staff in a tertiary infectious disease hospital for COVID-19].
From the frontlines of COVID-19 - How prepared are we as obstetricians: a commentary.
Management of recalcitrant vitiligo in Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome: Adjuvant ablative fractional laser.
Progress in extracellular vesicle biology and their application in cancer medicine.
Parvovirus B19 infection in sickle cell disease: An analysis from the Centers for Disease Control haemoglobinopathy blood surveillance project.
Proteomic and Transcriptomic Approaches for Studying Bone Regeneration in Health and Systemically Compromised Conditions.
Laparoscopic Fundoplication for the Surgical Management of Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease in Children.
A Randomized, Double-Masked, Multicenter, Phase III Study Assessing the Efficacy and Safety of Brolucizumab versus Aflibercept in Patients with Visual Impairment due to Diabetic Macular Edema (KITE).
[Effects of Noise Protection Measures on Annoyance, Sleep Disorders, and Cardiovascular Diseases: A Model Calculation].
Detecting Social and Behavioral Determinants of Health with Structured and Free-Text Clinical Data.
Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency: An Update on Genetic Analysis of CYP21A2 Gene.
Carotid Intima-Media Thickness is a Predictor of Subclinical Myocardial Damage in Men with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
DSM-TACE of HCC: Evaluation of Tumor Response in Patients Ineligible for Other Systemic or Loco-Regional Therapies.
Flash Sterilization and Component Reimplantation Is a Viable Option for Articulating Antibiotic Spacers in Periprosthetic Knee Infections.
Association between Sleep Duration and Incident Chronic Kidney Disease: A Population-Based Cohort Analysis of the NAGALA Study.
Relative Contribution of Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Microelectrode Recordings, and Awake Test Stimulation in Final Lead Placement during Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery of the Subthalamic Nucleus in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Retina-electrode interfacial properties and vision restoration by two generations of retinal prostheses in one patient - One in each eye.
The development of advanced structural framework as multi-target-directed ligands for the treatment of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Revisiting pharmacology of oxidative stress and endothelial dysfunction in cardiovascular disease: Evidence for redox-based therapies.
Kaposi Sarcoma Inflammatory Cytokine Syndrome Presenting as Infection: A Case Report.
Two Cases of Periprosthetic Fracture After Surgery for Acute Midfoot Charcot.
Screw Internal Fixation and Ilizarov External Fixation: A Comparison of Outcomes in Ankle Arthrodesis.
The Clinical Utility of MRI in Evaluating for Osteomyelitis in Patients Presenting with Uncomplicated Cellulitis.
Risk Factors for Short-Term Complication After Open Reduction and Internal Fixation of Ankle Fractures: Analysis of a Large Insurance Claims Database.
Oral glutathione administration inhibits the oxidative stress and the inflammatory responses in AppNL-G-F/NL-G-F knock-in mice.
The Importance of Nephropathology in Kidney Cancer.
The Nephrologist \' s Management of Renal Cell Carcinoma After Kidney Surgery.
Choice of Surgical Options in Kidney Cancer and Surgical Complications.
The Therapeutic Landscape of Renal Cell Carcinoma: From the Dark Age to the Golden Age.
Club Cell TRPV4 Serves as a Damage Sensor Driving Lung Allergic Inflammation.
The Alzheimer \' s Disease Amyloid-Beta Hypothesis in Cardiovascular Aging and Disease: JACC Focus Seminar.
Alzheimer \' s Disease and Vascular Aging: JACC Focus Seminar.
Biological Versus Chronological Aging: JACC Focus Seminar.
Diminished Reactive Hematopoiesis and Cardiac Inflammation in a Mouse Model of Recurrent Myocardial Infarction.
Simultaneous Endocardial and Epicardial Delineation of 3D Reentrant Ventricular Tachycardia.
Trajectories of Age-Related Arterial Stiffness in Chinese Men and Women.
Challenges and Reinterpretation of Antibody-Based Research on Phosphorylation of Tyr307 on PP2Ac.
Dynamic Interstitial Cell Response during Myocardial Infarction Predicts Resilience to Rupture in Genetically Diverse Mice.
Microglial Homeostasis Requires Balanced CSF-1/CSF-2 Receptor Signaling.
Continuous Microevolution Accelerates Disease Progression during Sequential Episodes of Infection.
The Interplay between CD27dull and CD27bright B Cells Ensures the Flexibility, Stability, and Resilience of Human B Cell Memory.
Interplay of Staphylococcal and Host Proteases Promotes Skin Barrier Disruption in Netherton Syndrome.
The Interface between Keratin Structurotype and Human Disease.
Impairment of Glycolysis-Derived l-Serine Production in Astrocytes Contributes to Cognitive Deficits in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
When Rhythms Meet the Blues: Circadian Interactions with the Microbiota-Gut-Brain Axis.
Targeting Synaptic NMDA Receptor Co-agonism as a Therapy for Alzheimer \' s Disease?
Language, Motor, and Cognitive Outcomes of Toddlers Who Were Born Preterm.
High-dose First-line Treatment Regimen for Recurrent Rifampicin-susceptible Tuberculosis.
Factors Affecting the Discharge Destination of Patients With Spinal Bone Metastases.
Effects of Intermittent Fasting on Health, Aging, and Disease.
Under Our Very Eyes.
MRI-Targeted, Systematic, and Combined Biopsy for Prostate Cancer Diagnosis.
Treatment of Highly Drug-Resistant Pulmonary Tuberculosis.
Long-Acting Cabotegravir and Rilpivirine after Oral Induction for HIV-1 Infection.
The Patient as Obligation - The Binary Failure of "Privilege" vs. "Right" Part 1 - My Right - Sez Who?
Surveillance and outcomes after curative resection for gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma.
Density of breast: An independent risk factor for developing breast cancer, a prospective study at two premium breast centers.
Oncolytic virotherapy in hepato-bilio-pancreatic cancer: The key to breaking the log jam?
S3 guideline for actinic keratosis and cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma - short version, part 1: diagnosis, interventions for actinic keratoses, care structures and quality-of-care indicators.
The value of navigation bronchoscopy in the diagnosis of peripheral pulmonary lesions: A meta-analysis.
Health-related quality of life in patients with esophageal cancer or precancerous lesions assessed by EQ-5D: A multicenter cross-sectional study.
Optimizing the role of androgen deprivation therapy in advanced prostate cancer: Challenges beyond the guidelines.
Maintenance therapy with ex vivo expanded lymphokine-activated killer cells and rituximab in patients with follicular lymphoma is safe and may delay disease progression.
A Multimodal Computer-Aided Diagnostic System for Precise Identification of Renal Allograft Rejection: Preliminary Results.
Inoculum size and traits of the infecting clinical strain define the protection level against Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection in a rabbit model.
Second-line treatment trends and long-term outcomes of 392 children with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura: the French experience over the past 25 years.
Fibroblast growth factor 23: are we ready to use it in clinical practice?
From tuberous sclerosis complex to end stage renal disease: who are these patients?
Disease or function? What matters most for self-rated health in older people depends on age.
Animal Models to Study Cancer and Its Microenvironment.
Ovarian Cancer Biomarkers: Moving Forward in Early Detection.
The Metabolic Remodelling in Lung Cancer and Its Putative Consequence in Therapy Response.
Exploiting Cancer Cells Metabolic Adaptability to Enhance Therapy Response in Cancer.
Metabolic Reprogramming and Signaling to Chromatin Modifications in Tumorigenesis.
Monocytes and Macrophages in Cancer: Unsuspected Roles.
Recycling the Interspecific Relations with Epithelial Cells: Bacteria and Cancer Metabolic Symbiosis.
Tumor Microenvironment - Selective Pressures Boosting Cancer Progression.
Metabolic Remodeling as a Way of Adapting to Tumor Microenvironment (TME), a Job of Several Holders.
Dominus effect: challenging complications of alemtuzumab-related thyroid autoimmunity.
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of Cannabinoid Oromucosal Spray Use for the Management of Spasticity in Subjects with Multiple Sclerosis.
A general approach to compensation for losses incurred due to public health interventions in the infectious disease context.
The epidemiology of NAFLD in Mainland China with analysis by adjusted gross regional domestic product: a meta-analysis.
Laparoscopic Toupet fundoplication for gastroesophageal reflux disease and hiatus hernia: proposal for standardization using the "critical view" concept.
Current Perspectives on Gut Microbiome Dysbiosis and Depression.
Transcatheter Mitral Valve Replacement: State of the Art.
Effect of Bariatric Surgery on Diagnosed Chronic Kidney Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Patients with Insulin-treated Type 2 Diabetes: a Retrospective Cohort Study from a Large UK Primary Care Database.
Coronary corium, a new source of equine mesenchymal stromal cells.
Monoaminergic and Kynurenergic Characterization of Frontotemporal Dementia and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis in Cerebrospinal Fluid and Serum.
Complex I Controls Mitochondrial and Plasma Membrane Potentials in Nerve Terminals.
Natural course of adult-onset vitelliform lesions in eyes with and without comorbid subretinal drusenoid deposits.
Acidic residues of extracellular loop 3 of the Na+/H+ exchanger type 1 are important in cation transport.
Recent advances in biotechnological studies on wild grapevines as valuable resistance sources for smart viticulture.
Proteins of the Vesicular Cycle as a Marker of Neuroplasticity of Dopaminergic Neurons in the Substantia Nigra of the Brain.
The Role of Catecholamines in the Development of Pathological Retina Neovascularization in an Experimental Model of Retinopathy of Prematurity in Rats.
Determining Haemodynamic Wall Shear Stress in the Rabbit Aorta In Vivo Using Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound Image Velocimetry.
Prevalence of Sjogren \' s syndrome associated with rheumatoid arthritis in the USA: an observational study from the Corrona registry.
Macrophage activation syndrome associated with adult-onset Still \' s disease: a multicenter retrospective analysis.
Serum amino acid metabolic profiles of ankylosing spondylitis by targeted metabolomics analysis.
Effects of Sevoflurane Exposure During Late Pregnancy on Brain Development and Beneficial Effects of Enriched Environment on Offspring Cognition.
Medical comorbidities in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (functional seizures).
Eye movement changes in autosomal dominant spinocerebellar ataxias.
"Mixed connective tissue disease": a condition in search of an identity.
Use of a prognostic risk score that aggregates the FDG-PET/CT SUVmax, tumor size, and histologic group for predicting the prognosis of pStage I lung adenocarcinoma.
Exploring the ring potential of 2,4-diaminopyrimidine derivatives towards the identification of novel caspase-1 inhibitors in Alzheimer \' s disease therapy.
Objective evaluation for treat to target in Crohn \' s disease.
Drooling in Parkinson \' s Disease: Prevalence and Progression from the Non-motor International Longitudinal Study.
[Multiple myeloma in old people : Practical skills for geriatricians and general practitioners].
Neurological update: dizziness.
Altered cerebral blood flow in patients with anti-NMDAR encephalitis.
Risk stratification in primary sclerosing cholangitis: comparison of biliary stricture severity on MRCP versus liver stiffness by MR elastography and vibration-controlled transient elastography.
Histological and magnified endoscopic evaluation of villous atrophy in gastrointestinal graft-versus-host disease.
DCEP and bendamustine/prednisone as salvage therapy for quad- and penta-refractory multiple myeloma.
Large-scale manufacture of VP2 VLP vaccine against porcine parvovirus in Escherichia coli with high-density fermentation.
Targeting staphylocoagulase with isoquercitrin protects mice from Staphylococcus aureus-induced pneumonia.
Transition of metabolic phenotypes and risk of subclinical atherosclerosis according to BMI: a prospective study.
[Nutritional aspects of the palliative care of head and neck cancer patients].
Proven validity and management impact of amyloid imaging in Alzheimer \' s disease-repetita juvant.
[Management of plaque psoriasis in adults].
Regulation of B-cell function by NF-kappaB c-Rel in health and disease.
Isotope metallomics approaches for medical research.
Emodin alleviated pulmonary inflammation in rats with LPS-induced acute lung injury through inhibiting the mTOR/HIF-1alpha/VEGF signaling pathway.
Response to "Derivation and Internal Validation of a Clinical Prediction Tool to Predict Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Patients With Crohn \' s Disease".
Reply to the Letter to the Editor: Derivation and Internal Validation of a Clinical Prediction Tool to Predict Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Patients With Crohn \' s Disease.
Assessment of minimal residual disease using multiparametric flow cytometry in patients with AL amyloidosis.
Brazilian version of the European Cross-Cultural Neuropsychological Test Battery (CNTB-BR): diagnostic accuracy across schooling levels.
Non-performance of serological tests for syphilis during prenatal care: prevalence and associated factors.
Factors associated with trachoma treatment and control treatment in schools of municipality of the Northeast Region, Brazil.
Leprosy and social deprivation: Definition of priority areas in an endemic state Northeastern Brazil.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus: a systematic review.
Application value of magnetic resonance hydrography of the inner ear in cochlear implantation.
Laboratory predictors of survival in ovarian cancer.
Evaluation of adult celiac disease from a tertiary reference center: a retrospective analysis.
The use of high-resolution MRI to detect thrombosis and lipid-rich carotid artery plaques in a patient with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia.
Clinical effects of two combinations of olfactory agents on olfactory dysfunction after upper respiratory tract infection during olfactory training.
Human acute Chagas disease: changes in factor VII, activated protein C and hepatic enzymes from patients of oral outbreaks in Para State (Brazilian Amazon).
Expression of NLRP3 inflammasome in leprosy indicates immune evasion of Mycobacterium leprae.
Effects of El Nino-Southern Oscillation on human visceral leishmaniasis in the Brazilian State of Mato Grosso do Sul.
System dynamics modeling for tooth decay treatment in Brazilian children.
A cross-sectional study on dental surgeons \'  immune status against hepatitis B virus in the Public Health System.
Pretreatment plasma fibrinogen level as a prognostic biomarker for patients with lung cancer.
What does the increasing prevalence of obesity mean for the management of asthma and airways disease?
2020 Brazilian Thoracic Association recommendations for the management of asthma.
Brazilian guidelines for the pharmacological treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Official document of the Brazilian Thoracic Association based on the GRADE methodology.
Association between the radiological presentation and elapsed time for the diagnosis of pulmonary tuberculosis in the emergency department of a university hospital.
Spirometry results after treatment for pulmonary tuberculosis: comparison between patients with and without previous lung disease: a multicenter study.
Use of tissue doppler imaging for the early detection of myocardial dysfunction in patients with the indeterminate form of Chagas disease.
Cutaneous parasitism in patients with American visceral leishmaniasis in an endemic area.
[Control of canine visceral leishmaniasis by euthanasia: estimated effect based on a survey and mathematical modeling].
DIAGNOSTIC AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH TO POUCHITIS IN INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE.
PLACEBO USE IN THE CONTEXT OF INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE CLINICAL TRIALS.
SEROCONVERSION ANALYSIS AFTER HABITUAL HEPATITIS B VACCINATION SCHEME IN PATIENTS WITH INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASES.
RESPIRATORY AND SYMPTOMATIC IMPACT OF ASCITES RELIEF BY PARACENTESIS IN PATIENTS WITH HEPATIC CIRRHOSIS.
THE INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE-FATIGUE PATIENT SELF-ASSESSMENT SCALE: TRANSLATION, CROSS-CULTURAL ADAPTATION AND PSYCHOMETRIC PROPERTIES OF THE BRAZILIAN VERSION (IBD-F BRAZIL).
HEPATITIS C TREATMENT OF RENAL TRANSPLANT AND CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE PATIENTS: EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF DIRECT-ACTING ANTIVIRAL REGIMENS CONTAINING SOFOSBUVIR.
QUALITY OF LIFE OF PATIENTS FROM A MULTIDISCIPLINARY CLINIC OF INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE.
Repercussions of adjuvant-induced arthritis on body composition, soleus muscle, and heart muscle of rats.
JC Virus infected choroid plexus epithelial cells produce extracellular vesicles that infect glial cells independently of the virus attachment receptor.
Extrapulmonary tuberculosis in HIV-infected patients in rural Tanzania: The prospective Kilombero and Ulanga antiretroviral cohort.
Types and clinical outcomes of chemical ingestion in emergency departments in South Korea (2011-2016).
Evaluation of transarterial chemoembolization refractoriness in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
The impact of metastatic sites in advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma, systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective randomized studies.
Investigation of mosquito larval habitats and insecticide resistance in an area with a high incidence of mosquito-borne diseases in Jining, Shandong Province.
Meropenem vs standard of care for treatment of neonatal late onset sepsis (NeoMero1): A randomised controlled trial.
Aquaporin locus (12q13.12) might contribute to susceptibility of temporomandibular joint disorder associated with periodontitis.
Combined analysis of microbial metagenomic and metatranscriptomic sequencing data to assess in situ physiological conditions in the premature infant gut.
Omeprazole use and risk of chronic kidney disease evolution.
Availability, cost and affordability of essential cardiovascular disease medicines in the south west region of Cameroon: Preliminary findings from the Cameroon science for disease study.
Association of combination statin and antihypertensive therapy with reduced Alzheimer \' s disease and related dementia risk.
Changes in SGLT2i and GLP-1RA real-world initiator profiles following cardiovascular outcome trials: A Danish nationwide population-based study.
Risk of coronary heart disease in the rural population in Xinjiang: A nested case-control study in China.
The epidemiology of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in rural East Africa: A population-based study.
Epidemic of influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 analyzed by full genome sequences and the first case of oseltamivir-resistant strain in Myanmar 2017.
Quality of life and its social determinants for patients with schizophrenia and family caregivers in Cambodia.
Immunotherapy with DNA vaccine and live attenuated rubella/SIV gag vectors plus early ART can prevent SIVmac251 viral rebound in acutely infected rhesus macaques.
Murine cytomegalovirus infection exacerbates complex IV deficiency in a model of mitochondrial disease.
No evidence that omission and confirmation biases affect the perception and recall of vaccine-related information.
Detecting extra-ocular Chlamydia trachomatis in a trachoma-endemic community in Ethiopia: Identifying potential routes of transmission.
Severe dengue categories as research endpoints-Results from a prospective observational study in hospitalised dengue patients.
Integrated analysis of mRNA and protein expression profiling in tubal endometriosis.
Beyond mineralisation: metabolic functions for matrix mineralisation regulators.
18F-FDOPA PET/CT accurately identifies MEN1-associated pheochromocytoma.
A Culturally Relevant Smartphone-Delivered Physical Activity Intervention for African American Women: Development and Initial Usability Tests of Smart Walk.
Media Reports as a Source for Monitoring Impact of Influenza on Hospital Care: Qualitative Content Analysis.
Text Message Behavioral Intervention for Teens on Eating, Physical Activity and Social Wellbeing (TEXTBITES): Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
A Web-Based Human Papillomavirus Vaccination Intervention for Young Gay, Bisexual, and Other Men Who Have Sex With Men: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Improving Exposure Assessment Methodologies for Epidemiological Studies on Pesticides: Study Protocol.
Nurse Coaching and Mobile Health Compared With Usual Care to Improve Diabetes Self-Efficacy for Persons With Type 2 Diabetes: Randomized Controlled Trial.
A Smartphone App for Self-Monitoring of Rheumatoid Arthritis Disease Activity to Assist Patient-Initiated Care: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Quality of Life of Women After a First Diagnosis of Breast Cancer Using a Self-Management Support mHealth App in Taiwan: Randomized Controlled Trial.
Medication Management Apps for Diabetes: Systematic Assessment of the Transparency and Reliability of Health Information Dissemination.
Using Goal-Directed Design to Create a Mobile Health App to Improve Patient Compliance With Hypertension Self-Management: Development and Deployment.
A Communication Infrastructure for the Health and Social Care Internet of Things: Proof-of-Concept Study.
Explanatory Model of Dry Eye Disease Using Health and Nutrition Examinations: Machine Learning and Network-Based Factor Analysis From a National Survey.
Deep Digital Phenotyping and Digital Twins for Precision Health: Time to Dig Deeper.
Effectiveness of the ColorApp Mobile App for Health Education and Promotion for Colorectal Cancer: Quasi-Experimental Study.
Novel Digital Architecture of a "Low Carb Program" for Initiating and Maintaining Long-Term Sustainable Health-Promoting Behavior Change in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Proteome profile of peripheral myelin in healthy mice and in a neuropathy model.
Catatonia in Anti-N-Methyl-D-Aspartate (NMDA) Receptor Encephalitis Misdiagnosed as Schizophrenia.
[Dyslipidemia Secondary to Hypothyroidism and Cholestasis].
Risk Factors, Length of Stay and In-Hospital Mortality of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Infections: A Case-Control Study.
Undiagnosed Risk of Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Obese Individuals in a Primary Health Care Context.
The Role of Sphingolipid Pathway in Liver Fibrosis: An Emerging New Potential Target for Novel Therapies.
Clinical Profile of Patients with Scleritis in Bangladesh.
Tear Mediators NGF along with IL-13 Predict Keratoconus Progression.
Reliability of Conjunctival Biopsy for Diagnosis of Ocular Mucous Membrane Pemphigoid: Redetermination of the Standard for Diagnosis and Outcomes of Previously Biopsy-Negative Patients.
Imaging Biochemical Recurrence After Prostatectomy: Where Are We Headed?
Deja Vu or Jamais Vu? How the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Experience Influenced a Singapore Radiology Department \' s Response to the Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Epidemic.
Comparison of Artificial Intelligence-Based Fully Automatic Chest CT Emphysema Quantification to Pulmonary Function Testing.
Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19): Role of Chest CT in Diagnosis and Management.
Airway submucosal glands from cystic fibrosis swine suffer from abnormal ion transport across the serous acini, collecting duct and ciliated duct.
ADAM17 protects against elastase-induced emphysema by suppressing CD62L+ leukocyte infiltration in mice.
Renal and segmental artery hemodynamic response to acute, mild hypercapnia.
Advances in pulmonary drug delivery devices for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Effect of Alzheimer \' s Disease Causative and Protective Mutations on the Hydration Environment of Amyloid-beta.
An Orientation-Inspired Perspective on Molecular Inhibitor of Tau Aggregation by Curcumin Conjugated with Ru(II) Complex Scaffold.
Comprehensive Evaluation of a Quantitative Shotgun Lipidomics Platform for Mammalian Sample Analysis on a High-Resolution Mass Spectrometer.
Expanding the CRISPR Toolbox in Culicine Mosquitoes: In Vitro Validation of Pol III Promoters.
Genetic variability and phylogenetic analysis of Lagovirus europaeus strains GI.1 (RHDV) and GI.2 (RHDV2) based on the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) coding gene.
Real-World Clinical Experience With the IL-17 Receptor A Antagonist Brodalumab
Cyanotic Congenital Heart Disease Modes of Presentation and Prenatal Detection
Potent USP10/13 antagonist spautin-1 suppresses melanoma growth via ROS-mediated DNA damage and exhibits synergy with cisplatin.
Staying in touch with the endocytic network: the importance of contacts for cholesterol transport.
SPIB promotes anoikis resistance via elevated autolysosomal process in lung cancer cells.
Patterns of response in metastatic NSCLC during PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitor therapy: Comparison of the RECIST 1.1 and iRECIST criteria.
Osimertinib, a third-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor: A retrospective multicenter study of its real-world efficacy and safety in advanced/recurrent non-small cell lung carcinoma.
Myasthenia Gravis Patient and Physician Opinions About Immunosuppressant Reduction.
The role of native and introduced birds in transmission of avian malaria in Hawai \' i.
Doxorubicin plus dacarbazine, doxorubicin plus ifosfamide, or doxorubicin alone as a first-line treatment for advanced leiomyosarcoma: A propensity score matching analysis from the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Soft Tissue and Bone Sarcoma Group.
Patient Experience Captured by Quality-of-Life Measurement in Oncology Clinical Trials.
Importance of Quality-of-Life Measurement Throughout the Disease Course.
Risk stratification of prostate cancer through quantitative assessment of PTEN loss (qPTEN).
Assessing the effectiveness of AS-48 in experimental mice models of Chagas \'  disease.
Aspirin-omitted dual antithrombotic therapy in nonvalvular atrial fibrillation patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: results of a meta-analysis.
Impact of Liver Disease on Oral Anticoagulant Prescription and Major Adverse Events in Patients with Atrial Fibrillation.
Recommendations to distinguish behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia from psychiatric disorders.
Genomic diversity of SARS-CoV-2 in Coronavirus Disease 2019 patients.
Supervised-learning is an accurate method for network-based gene classification.
Exaggerated mitophagy: a weapon of striatal destruction in the brain?
Short-term Outcomes After Robot-Assisted vs Open Pancreaticoduodenectomy After the Learning Curve.
Improving Racial and Ethnic Minority Representation in Cardiovascular Disease Trials to Advance Health Equity-Reply.
Effect of a Workplace-Based Multicomponent Intervention on Hypertension Control: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Improving Racial and Ethnic Minority Representation in Cardiovascular Disease Trials to Advance Health Equity.
USP16 counteracts mono-ubiquitination of RPS27a and promotes maturation of the 40S ribosomal subunit.
NeuroQuery, comprehensive meta-analysis of human brain mapping.
[Gene-based therapies of spinal muscular atrophy: a piece of history of medicine].
[SMA: from gene discovery to gene therapy].
[Endoplasmic reticulum stress response and pathogenesis of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis].
Kawasaki disease with giant aneurysm of left coronary artery and complete occlusion of right coronary artery.
Exercise and inflammation in coronary artery disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Temporal dispersal patterns of Phaeomoniella chlamydospora, causal agent of Petri disease and esca, in vineyards.
Microbiota insights in Clostridium difficile infection and inflammatory bowel disease.
Diabetes mellitus: an important risk factor for peripheral vascular disease.
Partnerships for better neglected disease drug discovery and development: how have we fared?
Use of rituximab in adults with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: a systematic literature review.
Synergistic influence of rivaroxaban on inflammation and coagulation biomarkers in patients with coronary artery disease and peripheral artery disease on aspirin therapy.
Novel In-Frame Deletion Mutation in NOTCH1 in a Chinese Sporadic Case of Adams-Oliver Syndrome.
Psychological symptom screening in an adult sickle cell disease clinic and predictors of treatment follow up.
CT Imaging and Differential Diagnosis of COVID-19.
NADPH Oxidase Inhibition in Fibrotic Pathologies.
Burden of disease: A scoping review of HIV/AIDS and TB in occupational noise-induced hearing loss.
Challenges for controlling bovine tuberculosis in South Africa.
Methods for Cryosectioning and Mass Spectrometry Imaging of Whole-Body Zebrafish.
Molecular target validation of Aspartate Transcarbamoylase from Plasmodium falciparum by Torin 2.
Combination of dermabrasion and Apremilast for Hailey-Hailey disease.
Grover disease in a young woman: report of case.
Metabolic state and value-based decision-making in acute and recovered female patients with anorexia nervosa
[Comparison of heart failure and 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia in chest CT features and clinical characteristics].
[Expert consensus on Pulmonary Function Testing during the epidemic of Corona Virus Disease 2019].
Colorectal peritoneal metastases: pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment options - an evidence-based update.
Percutaneous Impella RP use for refractory right heart failure in adolescents and young adults-A multicenter U.S. experience.
Contemporary trend of acute kidney injury incidence and incremental costs among US patients undergoing percutaneous coronary procedures.
Contemporary trends and outcomes in aortic valve replacement in patients with end-stage liver disease.
Asthma, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease, and Subsequent Risk for Incident Rheumatoid Arthritis among Women: A Prospective Cohort Study.
A bHLH transcription activator regulates defense signaling by nucleo-cytosolic trafficking in rice.
Mutual regulation between butyrate and HIF-1alpha in epithelial cell promotes expression of Tight Junction (TJ) proteins.
Antidepressant mechanism of classical herbal formula lily bulb and Rehmannia decoction: Insights from gene expression profile of medial prefrontal cortex of mice with stress-induced depression-like behavior.
Outcomes and toxicities following stereotactic ablative radiotherapy for pulmonary metastases in patients with primary head and neck cancer.
The Role of postoperative external beam radiotherapy for differentiated thyroid carcinoma: A Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Paeonol ameliorates murine alcohol liver disease via mycobiota-mediated Dectin-1/IL-1beta signaling pathway.
Cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr Virus and Human Herpesvirus 6 Infections in Patients with Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Characterization of Ebola convalescent plasma donor immune response and psoralen treated plasma in the United States.
Expression of retinoid receptors in hand eczema.
Paediatric Cushing \' s disease - a literature review of epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical symptoms, and diagnostics.
Can Hashimoto \' s thyroiditis cause vertigo? [Czy choroba Hashimoto moze byc przyczyna zawrotow glowy?].
Diagnosis and treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients with chronic kidney disease and eGFR &lt; 60 mL/min - a position statement of the Polish Society of Nephrology Working Group on Metabolic and Endocrine Disorders in Kidney Diseases.
Association between serum adiponectin concentrations and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a meta-analysis.
LncRNA MIR155HG contributes to smoke-related chronic obstructive pulmonary disease by targeting miR-128-5p/BRD4 axis.
Prediction of Adverse Outcomes in Pediatric Acute Hematogenous Osteomyelitis.
Predictors of Heterogeneity in Cognitive Function: APOE-e4, Sex, Education, Depression, and Vascular Risk.
The Y-chromosome F haplogroup contributes to the development of Barrett \' s esophagus-associated esophageal adenocarcinoma in a white male population.
Biallelic variants in PSMB1 encoding the proteasome subunit beta6 cause impairment of proteasome function, microcephaly, intellectual disability, developmental delay and short stature.
Health-related quality of life in Japanese patients with prostate cancer following proton beam therapy: an institutional cohort study.
Simultaneous changes in expression levels of BAALC and miR-326: a novel prognostic biomarker for childhood ALL.
Advancing biology based therapeutic approaches for atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumors.
Usefulness of carbon-11-labeled methionine positron-emission tomography for assessing the treatment response of primary central nervous system lymphoma.
Mice carrying an analogous heterozygous Dynamin 2 K562E mutation that causes neuropathy in humans develop predominant characteristics of a primary myopathy.
Structural diversity, bioactivities, and biosynthesis of natural diterpenoid alkaloids.
Electrochemiluminescent aptamer-sensor for alpha synuclein oligomer based on a metal-organic framework.
Creation of glycoprotein imprinted self-assembled monolayers with dynamic boronate recognition sites and imprinted cavities for selective glycoprotein recognition.
Synergistic neuroprotective effect of schisandrin and nootkatone on regulating inflammation, apoptosis and autophagy via the PI3K/AKT pathway.
Rosmarinic acid alleviates ethanol-induced lipid accumulation by repressing fatty acid biosynthesis.
Agarose hydrogel-enhanced paper spray ionization mass spectrometry for metabolite detection in raw urine.
Brain vessel anomalies in autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
Syndromic management of sexually transmitted infections: A critical appraisal and the road ahead.
D-dimer levels in patients with thromboangiitis obliterans.
Chronic calculus cholecystitis: Is histopathology essential post-cholecystectomy?
Efficacy and tolerability of nimotuzumab in combination with chemotherapy in recurrent and metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of head and neck at a cancer center in Northern India.
Efficacy and safety of apatinib monotherapy in elderly patients with advanced metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
Cryptogenic Stroke Secondary to Rare Carotid Web?
Dissecting Aneurysm of the Basilar Artery-A Rare Complication of Bacterial Meningitis in a Postoperative Case of CSF Rhinorrhea.
Direct Comparison of Posterior Subthalamic Area Stimulation versus Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Neuropsychological Disability: A Hidden Epidemic of Neurological Conditions.
Neurological Complications in Recipients after Living Donor Liver Transplantation.
Spinocerebellar Ataxias in India: Three-year Molecular Data from a Central Reference Laboratory.
Blink Reflex is Significantly Altered in Patients with Multisystem Atrophy Compared to Patients with Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, Alzheimer \' s Disease, and Frontotemporal Dementia - A Pilot Study.
Tumefactive Acute Disseminated Encephalomyelitis.
Red herrings in crossmatching kidneys for transplant.
De novo isolated gastrointestinal tract vasculitis without associated systemic disease in renal transplant recipients successfully treated with rituximab.
Acute kidney injury in pediatric patients with malaria: A prospective cross-sectional study in the shai-osudoku district of Ghana.
Clinical spectrum of community-acquired acute kidney injury: A prospective study from central India.
Cost implication of inpatient care of chronic kidney disease patients in a tertiary hospital in Southwest Nigeria.
Diabetic kidney disease in patients newly diagnosed with type-2 diabetes mellitus: Incidence and associations.
Predictors of renal outcomes in anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody glomerulonephritis.
Spectrum of pediatricbiopsy-proven renal diseases: A single center experience.
Retroperitoneal fibrosis in the military hospital of Morocco.
Clinical profile and outcomes of De novo posttransplant thrombotic microangiopathy.
Effectiveness of interventions based on lazarus and folkman transactional model on improving stress appraisal for hemodialysis patients in Tehran.
NPHS2 gene mutations in azerbaijani children with steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome.
Evaluation of the relationship between blood cell parameters and vascular calcification in dialysis-dependent end-stage renal disease patients.
Educational needs of chronic kidney disease patients who presented to tengku ampuan afzan hospital: Preliminary findings.
Ribavirin as a beneficial treatment option for hepatitis C virusassociated glomerular disease.
Peripheral arterial disease diagnosed by ankle-brachial index: Predictor for early renal replacement therapy in chronic kidney disease.
Evaluation of the children with C3 glomerulopathy.
Aldosterone renin ratio and chronic kidney disease.
Study of the relationship between urinary level of uromodulin, renal involvement and disease activity in patients with systemic lupus erythrematosus.
Evaluation of safety and efficacy profile of Nigella sativa oil as an add-on therapy, in addition to alpha-keto analogue of essential amino acids in patients with chronic kidney disease.
Pregnancy and lupus nephritis in developing countries: A systematic review.
Metabolome and microbiome in kidney diseases.
Characterization of microsporidian Ameson herrnkindi sp. nov. infecting Caribbean spiny lobsters Panulirus argus.
Insilico and In Vitro Study: COX-2 Inhibition by Ethanol Extract of Dayak Onion Bulb (Eleutherine americana Merr) as Treatment Innovation of Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH).
Fetal/Infant Origins of Adult Vascular Disease.
Learning from the Past: a Review of Clinical Trials Targeting Amyloid, Tau and Neuroinflammation in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
New Insights on the Beneficial Effects of the Probiotic Kefir on Vascular Dysfunction in Cardiovascular and Neurodegenerative Diseases.
An efficient method for recombinant production of human alpha synuclein in Escherichia coli using thioredoxin as a fusion partner.
Methylome Variation Predicts Exemestane Resistance in Advanced ER+ Breast Cancer.
Global dynamics for a model of amyloid fibril formation in pancreatic islet beta cells subjected to a therapy.
High prevalence of arterial dissection in patients with Loeys-Dietz syndrome and cerebral aneurysm.
MiR-384 Inhibits Malignant Biological Behavior Such as Proliferation and Invasion of Osteosarcoma by Regulating IGFBP3.
Spatial-Temporal Parameters of Gait Associated With Alzheimer Disease: A Longitudinal Analysis.
Alzheimer \' s disease: microglia targets and their modulation to promote amyloid phagocytosis and mitigate neuroinflammation.
Advancing human in vitro pulmonary disease models in preclinical research: opportunities for lung-on-chips.
Role of the IL-23 pathway in the pathogenesis and treatment of enthesitis in psoriatic arthritis.
Commentary on "Heart Rate Variability and Risk of All-Cause Death and Cardiovascular Events in Patients With Cardiovascular Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies".
Methamphetamine-induced Psychosis and Mental Impairment: A Challenge from New Zealand.
[The kidneys : possible victims of global warming ?]
Follow-up of late-onset Pompe disease patients with muscle magnetic resonance imaging reveals increase in fat replacement in skeletal muscles.
Trend analysis of lung cancer mortality and years of life lost (YLL) rate from 1999 to 2016 in Tianjin, China: Does the lung cancer burden in rural areas exceed that of urban areas?
Effects of a carbohydrate-restricted diet on hepatic lipid content in adolescents with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A pilot, randomized trial.
Clinical care for obesity: A preliminary survey of sixty-eight countries.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and subsequent development of Connective Tissue Disease in the UK: An epidemiological study.
Heat Shock Protein 12A Is a Novel PCNA-binding Protein and Promotes Hepatocellular Carcinoma Growth.
Clinical features and outcomes of bacterascites in cirrhotic patients: a retrospective, multicentre study.
Individualized concept for the treatment of autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease with end-stage renal disease.
HIV programmatic outcomes following implementation of the  \' Treat-All \'  policy in a public sector setting in Eswatini: a prospective cohort study.
WDR63 inhibits Arp2/3-dependent actin polymerization and mediates the function of p53 in suppressing metastasis.
BK polyomavirus diversity-Why viral variation matters.
Understanding genetic learning needs of people affected by rare disease.
Artificial intelligence as the next step towards precision pathology.
Anesthetic considerations in children with Hutchinson Gilford progeria syndrome: a narrative review.
White and Gray Matter Abnormalities in Manifest Huntington \' s Disease: Cross-Sectional and Longitudinal Analysis.
Fracture risk after three bariatric surgery procedures in Swedish obese subjects: up to 26 years follow-up of a controlled intervention study.
The relationship between liver triglyceride composition and proton density fat fraction as assessed by 1 H MRS.
Ethnic influence on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease prevalence and lack of disease awareness in the United States, 2011-2016.
Job burnout and correlated factors of three-tiered public health workers: A cross-sectional study in China.
Regulation of lipid-induced macrophage polarization through modulating PPAR-gamma activity affects hepatic lipid metabolism via TLR4/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
A case of disseminated microscopic demyelination with multifocal dystrophic calcification.
Prognostic impact of concurrent non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with chronic hepatitis B-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Recent advances with alkaline phosphatase isoenzymes and their inhibitors.
Sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor cardiovascular outcome trials and generalizability to English primary care.
Aldosterone and the mineralocorticoid receptor in renal injury: A potential therapeutic target in feline chronic kidney disease.
LINC00174 is an oncogenic lncRNA of hepatocellular carcinoma and regulates miR-320/S100A10 axis.
Sexual Behaviors, Referral to Sexual Health Services, and Use of Sexual Health Services Among Transgender High School Students.
The light at the end of the tunnel gets vivid for spinal muscular atrophy: An Editorial Highlight for "Cerebrospinal fluid proteomic profiling in nusinersen-treated patients with spinal muscular atrophy" on https://doi.org/10.1111/jnc.14953.
Bullying and Peer Victimization of Minority Youth: Intersections of Sexual Identity and Race/Ethnicity.
BRUP-1, an intracellular bilirubin modulator, exerts neuroprotective activity in a cellular Parkinson \' s disease model.
Probiotics for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis.
Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (IPF) and pulmonary hypertension: Heracles meets the Hydra.
Shock wave therapy for rotator cuff disease with or without calcification.
[Clinical practice guidelines for single gene glaucoma disorder].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Noonan syndrome].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Prader-Willi syndrome].
[Clinical practice guidelines for brachydactyly type A1].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Rett syndrome].
[Clinical practice guidelines for retinitis pigmentosa].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Long Q-T interval syndrome].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Leber \' s hereditary optic neuropathy].
[Clinical practice guidelines for polycystic kidney diseases].
[Clinical practice guidelines for spinal muscular atrophy].
[Clinical practice guidelines for beta-thalassemia].
[Clinical practice guidelines for alpha-thalassemia].
[Clinical practice guidelines for phenylketonuria].
Modeling Heterogeneity in Patients \'  Preferences for Psoriasis Treatments in a Multicountry Study: A Comparison Between Random-Parameters Logit and Latent Class Approaches.
Acute kidney injury: prediction, prognostication and optimisation for liver transplant.
The effectiveness and safety of glecaprevir/pibrentasvir in chronic hepatitis C patients with refractory factors in the real world: a comprehensive analysis of a prospective multicenter study.
Pharmacological inhibition of soluble epoxide hydrolase attenuates chronic experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis by modulating inflammatory and anti-inflammatory pathways in an inflammasome-dependent and -independent manner.
Accelerating the Adoption of eSource in Clinical Research: A Transcelerate Point of View.
SNAFU: The Semantic Network and Fluency Utility.
Making FIT Count: Maximizing Appropriate Use of the Fecal Immunochemical Test for Colorectal Cancer Screening Programs.
Effects of Maryland \' s Affordable Care Act Medicaid Health Home Waiver on Quality of Cardiovascular Care Among People with Serious Mental Illness.
A horse and a zebra: an atypical clinical picture including Guillain-Barre syndrome, recurrent fever and mesenteric lymphadenopathy caused by two concomitant infections.
Chemo-radiotherapy integration in unresectable locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a review.
Benefit of Dietary Supplementation with Bacillus subtilis BYS2 on Growth Performance, Immune Response, and Disease Resistance of Broilers.
The case for severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID) and T cell lymphopenia newborn screening: saving lives...one at a time.
From farmers to livestock keepers: a typology of cattle production systems in south-western Burkina Faso.
Type 2 diabetes - unmet need, unresolved pathogenesis, mTORC1-centric paradigm.
HIV Testing Among Black and Hispanic/Latino Men Who Have Sex with Men in New York City: A Mixed-Methods Study.
A Comparative Study of 22G versus 19G Needles for EUS-Guided Biopsies for Parenchymal Liver Disease: Are Thinner Needles Better?
Comprehensive online multicolumn two-dimensional liquid chromatography-diode array detection-mass spectrometry workflow as a framework for chromatographic screening and analysis of new drug substances.
Health-related quality of life and health utilities in insulin-treated type 2 diabetes: the impact of related comorbidities/complications.
Health-related quality of life associated with trifluridine/tipiracil in heavily pretreated metastatic gastric cancer: results from TAGS.
Therapeutic Patient Education with Learning Objects Improves Asthma Control in Mexican Children.
Improved oral hygiene is associated with decreased risk of new-onset diabetes: a nationwide population-based cohort study.
Association between peptic ulcer disease and osteoporosis.
Predictive value of computed tomography scoring systems evolution in adults with cystic fibrosis.
Malignant Insulinoma: A Rare Form of Neuroendocrine Tumor.
Genetic diversity of strawberry mild yellow edge virus from eastern Canada.
Cytoreductive nephrectomy in metastatic renal cell carcinoma: outcome of patients treated with a multidisciplinary, algorithm-driven approach.
Chemosensory function is decreased in rheumatoid arthritis.
Unconventional Estrogen Signaling in Health and Disease.
Physical Therapists and Physicians Evaluate Nonarthritic Hip Disease Differently: Results From a National Survey.
Snowfall and Risk of Myocardial Infarction Death: A Case-Crossover Study.
Cabotegravir long-acting protects macaques against repeated penile SHIV exposures.
A dual role for the Plasminogen activator protease during the pre-inflammatory phase of primary pneumonic plague.
LeukmiR: a database for miRNAs and their targets in acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
An Evaluation of the Effects of Betahistine and Dimenhydrinate on Posterior Canal Benign Paroxysmal Positional Vertigo.
Treatment of Otomycosis in Ears with Tympanic Membrane Perforation is Easier with Paper Patch.
A rare cause of acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction: case report of native aortic valve thrombosis.
Fatal outcome of first case of Streptococcus sinensis in infective endocarditis in the Netherlands: a case report.
Successful treatment with rivaroxaban of an extended deep vein thrombosis complicated by pulmonary embolism in a patient with familial antithrombin III deficiency: a case report.
A case report of recurrent spontaneous coronary artery dissection and Takotsubo cardiomyopathy: a treatment dilemma.
Primary percutaneous coronary intervention for a left main bifurcation lesion without stenting using excimer laser with optical coherence tomography guidance: a case report.
Cardiomyopathy associated with Ceutzfeld-Jakob disease: a diagnosis of exclusion: a case report.
Atrial septum stenting in a foetus with hypoplastic left heart syndrome and restrictive foramen ovale: an alternative to emergency atrioseptectomy in the newborn-a case report.
Rare case of isolated true aneurysm in the superficial femoral artery treated with endovascular intervention: a case report.
Difficult diagnosis of cardiac haemochromatosis: a case report.
Robotic mitral valve repair for rheumatic mitral stenosis and regurgitation: a case report.
Lomitapide treatment in a female with homozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia: a case report.
Constrictive pericarditis masquerading as hepatic sequestration crisis in a patient with sickle cell disease: a case report.
Game changer? A sporting indication to implant a left atrial appendage closure device in a rugby player with atrial fibrillation: a case report.
A case report of arrhythmogenic ventricular cardiomyopathy presenting with sustained ventricular tachycardia arising from the right and the left ventricles before structural changes are documented.
Good advice for endothelial cells: Get in line, relax tension, and go with the flow.
Stereotactic body radiotherapy for moderately central and ultra-central oligometastatic disease: Initial outcomes.
Super-enhancer function and its application in cancer targeted therapy.
Active surveillance for patients with very low-risk thyroid cancer.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of transoral laser microsurgery in hypopharyngeal carcinoma.
Organ preservation following radiation therapy and concurrent intra-arterial low dose cisplatin infusion for advanced T2 and T3 laryngeal cancer: Long-term clinical results from a pilot study.
Multimodal strategy for the management of sphenoid osteoradionecrosis: Preliminary results.
Singlet-filtered NMR spectroscopy.
Sustained IFN-I stimulation impairs MAIT cell responses to bacteria by inducing IL-10 during chronic HIV-1 infection.
Enhanced CRISPR-Cas9 correction of Duchenne muscular dystrophy in mice by a self-complementary AAV delivery system.
Vascular endothelium-targeted Sirt7 gene therapy rejuvenates blood vessels and extends life span in a Hutchinson-Gilford progeria model.
Interfering MSN-NONO complex-activated CREB signaling serves as a therapeutic strategy for triple-negative breast cancer.
Small-molecule activation of lysosomal TRP channels ameliorates Duchenne muscular dystrophy in mouse models.
Patients \'  and Family Members \'  Subjective Experiences of a Diagnostic Evaluation of Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Increasing Patient Self-Enrollment in the National Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Registry: Lessons Learned From a Direct to Provider Campaign.
Two Unanticipated Pregnancies While on Cystic Fibrosis Gene-Specific Drug Therapy.
Measurement properties from the Brazilian Portuguese version of the QUIP-RS.
Large nipple areolar complex angiofibroma treated with combined surgical debulking and carbon dioxide laser therapy - a case report.
Rapid Delivery of Nanobodies/VHHs into Living Cells via Expressing In Vitro-Transcribed mRNA.
Epidemiology and Outcomes of Early-Onset and Late-Onset Adenovirus Infections in Kidney Transplant Recipients.
The Effects of a Systemwide Diagnostic Stewardship Change on West Nile Virus Disease Ordering Practices.
Faces of Resistance: Using Real-World Patients and Their Advocates to Teach Medical Students About Antimicrobial Stewardship.
A 40-Month Follow-Up of Ebola Virus Disease Survivors in Guinea (PostEbogui) Reveals Long-Term Detection of Ebola Viral Ribonucleic Acid in Semen and Breast Milk.
The Differential Characteristics Between Severe Fever With Thrombocytopenia Syndrome and Hemorrhagic Fever With Renal Syndrome in the Endemic Regions.
Greater IL-6, D-dimer, and ICAM-1 Levels Are Associated With Lower Small HDL Particle Concentration in the Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study.
Impact on Mortality of a Bundle for the Management of Enterococcal Bloodstream Infection.
Sex Hormone-Binding Globulin Levels Are Inversely Associated With Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in HIV-Infected and -Uninfected Men.
Addressing the Disease Burden of Vertically Acquired Hepatitis C Virus Infection Among Opioid-Exposed Infants.
Haemato-biochemical changes and prevalence of parasitic infections of indigenous chicken sold in markets of Kiambu County, Kenya.
Acute fatal group A Streptococcal primary peritonitis following vaginal delivery.
Prevalence of Risk Factors for Hospital-Acquired Venous Thromboembolism in Neurosurgery and Orthopedic Spine Surgery Patients.
The Value of Intravenous Immunoglobulin Therapy in Idiopathic Inflammatory Myositis in the Current Transformed Era of Biologics.
Acute Pancreatitis Due to Disseminated Varicella Zoster Infection in an Individual with Newly Diagnosed Human Immunodeficiency Virus.
A Rare Case of Simultaneous Evans Syndrome and Primary Antiphospholipid Syndrome.
Pregnancy-related issues in women with multiple sclerosis: an evidence-based review with practical recommendations.
A Patient with Combined CADASIL and MTHFR Homozygosity.
Hepatocellular Glycogen Accumulation in the Setting of Poorly Controlled Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Modification of Platelet Count on the Association between Homocysteine and Blood Pressure: A Moderation Analysis in Chinese Hypertensive Patients.
Silencing MYH9 blocks HBx-induced GSK3beta ubiquitination and degradation to inhibit tumor stemness in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Potential targeted therapy and diagnosis based on novel insight into growth factors, receptors, and downstream effectors in acute kidney injury and acute kidney injury-chronic kidney disease progression.
A single dose polyanhydride-based nanovaccine against paratuberculosis infection.
Passive immunization with an extended half-life monoclonal antibody protects Rhesus macaques against aerosolized ricin toxin.
Allele-specific miRNA-binding analysis identifies candidate target genes for breast cancer risk.
Obesity, but not overweight, is associated with plantar light touch sensation in children aged 8 to 16 years: A cross-sectional study.
Symptom prevalence differences of depression as measured by BDI and PHQ scales in the Look AHEAD study.
Association of fitness and body fatness with left ventricular mass: The Heart Health Study.
White matter lesion location correlates with disability in relapsing multiple sclerosis.
Mobile health applications for improving the sexual health outcomes among adults with chronic diseases: A systematic review.
Outcomes of inflammatory bowel disease in patients with eosinophil-predominant colonic inflammation.
Utility of the methylated SEPT9 test for the early detection of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy.
Risk factors of perioperative mortality from complicated peptic ulcer disease in Africa: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacologic Therapies for Aortic Stiffness in End-Stage Renal Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada disease during chemoimmunotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer.
LncRNA profile study reveals a seven-lncRNA signature predicts the prognosis of patients with colorectal cancer.
Secondary hemosiderosis presented by porphyria cutanea tarda in a kidney dialysis patient: A case report.
Condyloma accuminatum of the male urethra: A case report.
Machine learning in prediction of individual patient readmissions for elective carotid endarterectomy, aortofemoral bypass/aortic aneurysm repair, and femoral-distal arterial bypass.
iCOPE, a multi-level, cluster randomized, 36-month, parallel-group study to assess the efficacy of HIV disclosure intervention in HIV parental disclosure among parents living with HIV in China.
Diet and behavioral habits related to oral health in eating disorder patients: a matched case-control study.
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia with progressive anemia secondary to development of composite lymphoma.
Hydrocephalus as the presenting symptom of sarcoidosis: A case report and review of literature.
Plasmin inhibitor deficiency: A case report.
Clear cell sarcoma of the esophagus: A rare location.
Case report of an exercise training and nutritional intervention plan in a patient with A350P mutation in DES gene.
Ischemic stroke as the first presentation of takayasu \' s arteritis in young male.
Lower DLco% identifies exercise pulmonary hypertension in patients with parenchymal lung disease referred for dyspnea.
Bilateral plantar fibromatosis complicated by Dupuytren \' s contracture.
Renal histopathological and biochemical changes following adjuvant intervention of Momordica charantia and antiretroviral therapy in diabetic rats.
Association of lipid markers with coronary heart disease and stroke mortality: A 15-year follow-up study.
Protection of BALB/c mice against pathogenic Brucella abortus and Brucella melitensis by vaccination with recombinant Omp16.
Metabolomics approach reveals urine biomarkers and pathways associated with the pathogenesis of lupus nephritis.
Unilateral Presentation of Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada Syndrome.
Hemoptysis with no malignancy suspected on computed tomography rarely requires bronchoscopy.
How to assess for the full economic value of vaccines? From past to present, drawing lessons for the future.
Bioinformatics and computational approaches for analyzing patient-derived disease models in cancer research.
Escherichia coli: a rare cause of meningitis in immuno-competent adult.
Spinal epidural abscess secondary to gram-negative bacteria: case report and literature review.
Sigmoid volvulus: a rare but unique complication of enteric fever.
Proprotein convertase subtilisin/Kexin type-9 (PCSK-9) inhibitors induced liver injury - a retrospective analysis.
Adverse childhood experiences and chronic lung diseases in adulthood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The salivary microbiota in health and disease.
Knowledge, attitudes and practices related to self-medication with antimicrobials in Lilongwe, Malawi.
Hyponatremia is associated with more severe biliary disease.
Retrospective cohort study of statin therapy effect on resected colorectal liver metastases.
Pregnancy in non-palliated functionally single ventricle: challenges of management in resource-poor settings.
Mikania Micrantha Improved Memory Perform on Dementia Model.
Comparative Effectiveness Study of Chloramphenicol and Ceftriaxone in the Treatment of Typhoid Fever in Children Admitted to Putri Hijau Kesdam I/Bb Hospital Medan.
Risk Factors Associated with Premature Hair Greying of Young Adult.
High Expression of Cancer-Derived Glycosylated Immunoglobulin G Predicts Poor Prognosis in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
Prognostic Value of Albumin-to-Alkaline Phosphatase Ratio in Hepatocellular Carcinoma Patients Treated with Liver Transplantation.
Apigenin and Abivertinib, a novel BTK inhibitor synergize to inhibit diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in vivo and vitro.
The combination of PKM2 overexpression and M2 macrophages infiltration confers a poor prognosis for PDAC patients.
Epigenetic aberrations in natural killer/T-cell lymphoma: diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic implications.
Complete genome of Enterobacter sichuanensis strain SGAir0282 isolated from air in Singapore.
Gut microbiome of native Arab Kuwaitis.
NCD epidemic and sexual reproductive health issues in the infectious disease world.
The diagnostic accuracy of routine clinical findings for detection of esophageal varices in rural sub-Saharan Africa where schistosomiasis is endemic.
Uptake and utilization of institutional voluntary HIV testing and counseling services among students aged 18-24 in Kenya \' s public Universities.
Evaluation of the level of awareness of congenital toxoplasmosis and associated practices among pregnant women and health workers in Tanzania \' s Temeke district in Dar es Salaam.
Complementary and alternative treatment methods for menopausal hot flashes used in Turkey.
Estimation of hospital admission respiratory disease cases attributed to exposure to SO2 and NO2 in two different sectors of Egypt.
Renal risk profiling in newly diagnosed hypertensives in an urban population in Nigeria.
Tear electrolyte assessment of diabetic patients in Southern Nigeria.
The role of elastography in the assessment of chronic liver disease in children.
Serum levels of copper, zinc and disease severity scores in sickle cell disease patients in Benin City, Nigeria.
Performance of community health workers and associated factors in a rural community in Wakiso district, Uganda.
Joint spatial mapping of childhood anemia and malnutrition in sub-Saharan Africa: a cross-sectional study of small-scale geographical disparities.
Prevalence and associated factors of hypertension in Amhara regional state city and its \'  surrounding rural districts: a community-based cross-sectional study.
Evaluation of clinical, diagnostic and treatment aspects in hydatid disease: analysis of an 8-year experience.
Demographical and population dynamics impact on public health of cutaneous Leishmaniasis in Al-Madinah Almonawra, Saudi Arabia.
Comparison between plasma neopterin and the urine neopterin:creatinine ratio as inflammatory biomarkers.
C - reactive protein of cerebrospinal fluid, as a sensitive approach for diagnosis of neonatal meningitis.
Indonesia basic health survey: self-medication profile for diarrhea with traditional medicine.
Herpes zoster complicated by phrenic nerve palsy and respiratory compromise.
Integrated management of HIV/NCDs: knowledge, attitudes, and practices of health care workers in Gaborone, Botswana.
Behavioral factors contributing to the transmission of HIV and AIDS amongst young women of Mbabane in Swaziland.
MiR-142-5p Protects Against 6-OHDA-Induced SH-SY5Y Cell Injury by Downregulating BECN1 and Autophagy.
A novel bivalent Pasteurellosis-RHD vaccine candidate adjuvanted with Montanide ISA70 protects rabbits from lethal challenge.
Biological control of yeast contamination of industrial foods by propolis.
The amputation and survival of patients with diabetic foot based on establishment of prediction model.
Early diagnostic value of optical coherence tomography in the clinical prediction model for optic nerve injury in saddle space occupying patients.
Anti-toxoplasma, antioxidant and cytotoxic activities of Pleopeltis crassinervata (Fee) T. Moore hexane fraction.
Temporal trends of incidence and mortality in Asian-Americans with pancreatic adenocarcinoma: an epidemiological study.
Effectiveness and safety of vedolizumab in inflammatory bowel disease patients aged 60 and over: an observational multicenter UK experience.
Retrospective study of idiosyncratic drug-induced liver injury from infliximab in an inflammatory bowel disease cohort: the IDLE study.
Role of cannabis in inflammatory bowel diseases.
Inflammatory bowel disease pathobiology: the role of the interferon signature.
Joint international consensus statement for ending stigma of obesity.
Sensing of tubular flow and renal electrolyte transport.
Tau intricacies in disease.
Integration of single nucleotide variants and whole-genome DNA methylation profiles for classification of rheumatoid arthritis cases from controls.
Alterations of T-cell-mediated immunity in acute myeloid leukemia.
Influence of Vertebrobasilar Stenotic Lesion Rigidity on the Outcome of Angioplasty and Stenting.
High resolution metagenomic characterization of complex infectomes in paediatric acute respiratory infection.
Chaos in disease outbreaks among prey.
Epigenetic silencing of heat shock protein 70 through DNA hypermethylation in pseudoexfoliation syndrome and glaucoma.
Author Correction: Effect of carnosine supplementation on the plasma lipidome in overweight and obese adults: a pilot randomised controlled trial.
Ursodeoxycholic acid enriches intestinal bile salt hydrolase-expressing Bacteroidetes in cholestatic pregnancy.
Deep learning applied to hyperspectral endoscopy for online spectral classification.
Surveillance of Enterococcus spp. reveals distinct species and antimicrobial resistance diversity across a One-Health continuum.
TASH: Toolbox for the Automated Segmentation of Heschl \' s gyrus.
Parental non-hereditary teratogenic exposure factors on the occurrence of congenital heart disease in the offspring in the northeastern Sichuan, China.
Development of genetic quality tests for good manufacturing practice-compliant induced pluripotent stem cells and their derivatives.
Hyper BOLD Activation in Dorsal Raphe Nucleus of APP/PS1 Alzheimer \' s Disease Mouse during Reward-Oriented Drinking Test under Thirsty Conditions.
Distribution of Candidatus Liberibacter species in Eastern Africa, and the First Report of Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus in Kenya.
Mathematical model of broadly reactive plasma cell production.
Four European Salmonella Typhimurium datasets collected to develop WGS-based source attribution methods.
Inferior outcome of allogeneic stem cell transplantation for secondary acute myeloid leukemia in first complete remission as compared to de novo acute myeloid leukemia.
Subacute Thyroiditis: An Unusual Presentation of Fever of Unknown Origin Following Upper Respiratory Tract Infection.
Echocardiographic Analysis of Correlation Between Right Ventricle Load and Function and Left Ventricle Diastolic Malfunction in Symptomless Valvular Cardiovascular Disease Patients.
Fingolimod rescues demyelination in a mouse model of Krabbe \' s disease.
Abrogation of prenucleation, transient oligomerization of the Huntingtin exon 1 protein by human profilin I.
Identification of ALDH1A3 as a viable therapeutic target in breast cancer metastasis-initiating cells.
Genomics, morphoproteomics, and treatment patterns of alveolar soft part sarcoma patients and response to multiple experimental therapies.
Phase 1 Dose-Escalation and -Expansion Study of Telisotuzumab (ABT-700), an Anti-c-Met Antibody, in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors.
Implementation of targeted screening for lung cancer in a high-risk population within routine NHS practice using low-dose computed tomography.
Modulation of Monocyte-Driven Myositis in Alphavirus Infection Reveals a Role for CX3CR1+ Macrophages in Tissue Repair.
Obesity-Related Microenvironment Promotes Emergence of Virulent Influenza Virus Strains.
Peptidoglycan Hydrolases RipA and Ami1 Are Critical for Replication and Persistence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in the Host.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis Reactivates HIV-1 via Exosome-Mediated Resetting of Cellular Redox Potential and Bioenergetics.
Diversity and Complexity of the Large Surface Protein Family in the Compacted Genomes of Multiple Pneumocystis Species.
Collaborative Cross Mice Yield Genetic Modifiers for Pseudomonas aeruginosa Infection in Human Lung Disease.
Host Mucin Is Exploited by Pseudomonas aeruginosa To Provide Monosaccharides Required for a Successful Infection.
Community-acquired pneumonia: Strategies for triage and treatment.
Oral Health of Older Adults in Washington State.
Evaluation of a Curved Design Rubber Bristle Interdental Cleaner on Patients with Gingivitis.
Intranasal Bacterial Therapeutics Reduce Colonization by the Respiratory Pathogen Mannheimia haemolytica in Dairy Calves.
The Oral Secretion Scale and Prognostic Factors for Survival in Subjects With Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Comorbidity Clusters and Healthcare Use in Individuals With COPD.
Dnmt3a and Dnmt3b-Decommissioned Fetal Enhancers are Linked to Kidney Disease.
Accumulation of Globotriaosylceramide in Podocytes in Fabry Nephropathy Is Associated with Progressive Podocyte Loss.
An RNA aptamer with potent affinity for a toxic dimer of amyloid beta42 has potential utility for histochemical studies of Alzheimer \' s disease.
A Novel GPER Antagonist Protects Against the Formation of Estrogen-Induced Cholesterol Gallstones in Female Mice.
Patient-reported outcomes from the phase 3 randomized IMmotion151 trial: atezolizumab + bevacizumab vs sunitinib in treatment-naive metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Periostin and Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition Score as Novel Prognostic Markers for Leiomyosarcoma, Myxofibrosarcoma and Undifferentiated Pleomorphic Sarcoma.
Interferon-induced IDO1 mediates radiation resistance and is a therapeutic target in colorectal cancer.
Konzo outbreak in the Western Province of Zambia.
Distinct navigation behaviors in Aedes, Anopheles, and Culex mosquito larvae.
Q&amp;A: Antoni Ribas on Progress in Melanoma.
Pediatric Orphan Drug Indications: 2010-2018.
Association between coronary atherosclerosis and visceral adiposity index.
Asymptomatic hyperuricemia and incident congestive heart failure in elderly patients without comorbidities.
Characteristics of Men With Peyronie \' s Disease and Collagenase Clostridium Histolyticum Treatment Failure: Predictors of Surgical Intervention and Outcomes.
Assessment of public perceptions and concerns of celiac disease: A Twitter-based sentiment analysis study.
High rate of re-bleeding after application of Hemospray for upper and lower gastrointestinal bleeds.
Recent Trends in Clinical Setting and Provider Specialty for Endovascular Peripheral Artery Disease Interventions for the Medicare Population.
Outcomes of Yttrium-90 Radioembolization for Unresectable Combined Biphenotypic Hepatocellular-Cholangiocarcinoma.
Risk factors for early mortality in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis admitted to the emergency room.
Atrial fibrillation in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Role of Estrogen in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of Clinical and Preclinical Data.
Activation of apoptosis by Salmonella pathogenicity island-1 effectors through both intrinsic and extrinsic pathways in Salmonella-infected macrophages.
A Comparison of Intranasal Dexmedetomidine and Dexmedetomidine-Ketamine Combination Sedation for Transthoracic Echocardiography in Pediatric Patients With Congenital Heart Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Anesthetic Considerations for Patients With Williams Syndrome.
Increased Risk of Perioperative Ischemic Stroke in Patients Who Undergo Noncardiac Surgery with Preexisting Atrial Septal Defect or Patent Foramen Ovale.
Analyses of Mortality and Prevalence of Cerebrovascular Disease in Colombia, South America (2014-2016): A Cross-Sectional and Ecological Study.
Prognostic role of preoperative De Ritis ratio in upper tract urothelial carcinoma treated with nephroureterectomy.
The clinical outcomes of undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma (UPS): A single-centre experience of two decades with the assessment of PD-L1 expressions.
Bone lesions in systemic mastocytosis: Bone histomorphometry and histopathological mechanisms.
Association of ABCB1 and VEGFA gene polymorphisms with breast cancer susceptibility and prognosis.
Hospital-Acquired Pneumonia. Spanish Society of Pulmonology and Thoracic Surgery (SEPAR) Guidelines. 2019 Update.
In-situ and sensitive stability study of emulsion and aluminum adjuvanted inactivated foot-and-mouth disease virus vaccine by differential scanning fluorimetry analysis.
The immunologic dominance of an epitope within a rationally designed poly-epitope vaccine is influenced by multiple factors.
[Risk factors for progression of coronary artery calcification over 5 years in hemodialysis patients].
An old drug for a rare disease: The example of celiprolol for vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
Blood-Based Disease Assessment in SCLC: A Perpetual Proof of Concept or a Clinically Important Tool?
Upregulation of IL-4 signaling contributes to aerobic exercise-induced insulin sensitivity.
Uterine artery ligation at its origin following retroperitoneal space development decreases blood loss during single-port total laparoscopic hysterectomy.
Robotic single-port surgery using the da Vinci SP  surgical system for benign gynecologic disease: A preliminary report.
Serum Caspase-1 levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Factors affecting pregnant women \' s decisions regarding prenatal pertussis vaccination: A decision-making study in the nationwide Prenatal Pertussis Immunization Program in Taiwan.
Authors \'  correction for Euro Surveill. 2020;25(7).
Job vacancy at the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC).
Latest assessment on COVID-19 from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC).
Authors \'  response: Plenty of coronaviruses but no SARS-CoV-2.
Early transmission patterns of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in travellers from Wuhan to Thailand, January 2020.
Differential diagnosis of illness in patients under investigation for the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), Italy, February 2020.
Screening for Trypanosoma cruzi infection in immigrants and refugees: Systematic review and recommendations from the Spanish Society of Infectious Diseases and Clinical Microbiology.
Near real-time supervision of home visits for patients with tuberculosis.
Estimation of subnational tuberculosis burden: generation and application of a new tool in Indonesia.
Association between chronic airflow obstruction and socio-economic position in Morocco: BOLD results.
Financial support to the poor for the detection of smear-negative pulmonary and extra-pulmonary TB in Bangladesh.
The impact of smoking on tuberculosis treatment outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Leveraging differentiated HIV service delivery to expand tuberculosis preventive treatment: a call to action.
Air pollution interventions and respiratory health: a systematic review.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and poverty: an association that respects no borders.
Periodontitis - A Silent Risk That Has Become Louder.
Is Eagle jugular syndrome an underestimated potentially life-threatening disease?
Associations between ambient air pollution and daily incidence of pediatric hand, foot and mouth disease in Ningbo, 2014-2016: a distributed lag nonlinear model.
Prevalence and clustering of diarrhoea within households in India: some evidence from NFHS-4, 2015-16.
Salvage therapy for progressive, treatment-refractory or recurrent pediatric medulloblastoma: a systematic review protocol.
Receptor autoimmunity: diagnostic and therapeutic implications.
Disruption of histamine/H1R signaling pathway represses cardiac differentiation and maturation of human induced pluripotent stem cells.
Rhizosphere protists are key determinants of plant health.
Secondary deterioration in patients with normal pressure hydrocephalus after ventriculoperitoneal shunt placement: a proposed algorithm of treatment.
Robust neuroinflammation and perivascular pathology in rTg-DI rats, a novel model of microvascular cerebral amyloid angiopathy.
Assessing whether ad hoc clinician-generated patient questionnaires provide psychometrically valid information.
Sinomenine inhibits amyloid beta-induced astrocyte activation and protects neurons against indirect toxicity.
Silence of miR-32-5p promotes endothelial cell viability by targeting KLF2 and serves as a diagnostic biomarker of acute myocardial infarction.
Molecular characterization of Plasmodium falciparum antifolate resistance markers in Thailand between 2008 and 2016.
Beta-catenin inhibits bovine parainfluenza virus type 3 replication via innate immunity pathway.
Mapping the travel patterns of people with malaria in Bangladesh.
From malaria control to elimination within a decade: lessons learned from Timor Leste, a newly independent country.
Bayesian spatiotemporal modeling with sliding windows to correct reporting delays for real-time dengue surveillance in Thailand.
Burden of prehypertension among adults in Kenya: a retrospective analysis of findings from the Healthy Heart Africa (HHA) Programme.
Determinants of undernutrition among children under-five years old in southern Ethiopia: does pregnancy intention matter? A community-based unmatched case-control study.
Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis resulting from a cytokine storm triggered by septicemia in a child with chronic granuloma disease: a case report and literature review.
Bone complications in patients with multiple myeloma in five European countries: a retrospective patient chart review.
alphabeta-Dehydrocurvularin isolated from the fungus Aspergillus welwitschiae effectively inhibited the behaviour and development of the root-knot nematode Meloidogyne graminicola in rice roots.
Physical function in patients newly diagnosed with multiple myeloma; a Danish cohort study.
The influence of blood on the human gut microbiome.
Case report: increased single-nephron estimated glomerular filtration rate in an adult patient with low birth weight.
Intractable mechanical hemolytic anemia complicating mitral valve surgery: a case series study.
Within-host priority effects and epidemic timing determine outbreak severity in co-infected populations.
Myocardial perfusion and cardiac dimensions during extracorporeal membrane oxygenation-supported circulation in a porcine model of critical post-cardiotomy failure.
Leukocytoclastic vasculitis associated with nontyphoidal Salmonella in a patient infected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Electrocardiographic ST-T Abnormities Are Associated With Stroke Risk in the REGARDS Study.
Reduced Cognitive Assessment Scores Among Individuals With Magnetic Resonance Imaging-Detected Vascular Brain Injury.
Chainsaw operators \'  exposure to occupational risk factors and incidence of professional diseases specific to forestry field.
Overall survival and factors predicting long-term outcome after thoracic aortic endovascular repair.
A prospective mixed-methods study of decision-making on surgery or active surveillance for low risk papillary thyroid cancer.
[CME: Obstructive Sleep Apnea: A Common Disease].
Statin treatment of patients with calcific aortic valve disease modulates extracellular adenosine metabolism on the cell surface of the aortic valve.
Association between vitamin D levels and mortality in hemodialysis patients: a cohort study.
Association between thiopurine exposure and depression in patients with inflammatory bowel disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
Angiogenesis and lead (Pb): is there a connection?
Diagnostic utility of MR-proANP and NT-proBNP in elderly outpatients with a high risk of heart failure: the Copenhagen heart failure risk study.
Evening chronotype is associated with poor cardiovascular health and adverse health behaviors in a diverse population of women.
Postmortem Analysis in a Clinical Trial of AAV2-NGF Gene Therapy for Alzheimer \' s Disease Identifies a Need for Improved Vector Delivery.
Folate content of gluten-free food purchases and dietary intake are low in children with coeliac disease.
Myocarditis in athletes: A clinical perspective.
Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation estimated risk and prevalent subclinical atherosclerosis in coronary and carotid arteries: A population-based cohort analysis from the Swedish Cardiopulmonary Bioimage Study.
The Process of Self-Management: A Qualitative Case Study Reporting on Cancer Survivors \'  and Program Staff \' s Experiences Within One Self-Management Support Intervention.
Evaluation of Public Health Messages Promoting Early Detection of Dementia Among Adult Latinos With a Living Older Adult Parental Figure.
Middle ear Pathologies in Adults Living with Human Immunodeficiency Virus: A Systematic Review.
Chronic and acute effects of cocoa products intake on arterial stiffness and platelet count and function: A systematic review and dose-response Meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Quality dying: An approach to ICD deactivation in the hospital setting.
History of Multiple Sclerosis in Iran.
Variable Presentation of Hereditary Spherocytosis in an Iranian Family.
Relationship between Worry, and Anger Rumination with Cardiovascular Disease Severity: Social Loneliness as a Moderator.
Impact of Age on the Prognosis of Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma.
Prevalence of Mycobacterium abscessus among the Patients with Nontuberculous Mycobacteria.
Gene Panel Testing in Hereditary Breast Cancer.
Descriptive Epidemiology of Lymphoma in Northern Iran: Results from the Golestan Registry 2004-2013.
Quantitative Serum Proteomic Study Reveals that Fibrinogen-Related Proteins May Participate in the Pathophysiological Process of Simple Febrile Convulsion.
Design of activatable NIR-II molecular probe for in vivo elucidation of disease-related viscosity variations.
Italian recommendations for the management of pediatric patients under twelve years of age with suspected or manifest Brugada syndrome.
Postoperative Non-Pathological Fever Following Posterior Cervical Fusion Surgery : Is Laminoplasty a Better Preventive Method than Laminectomy?
Cardiac Involvement of Rosai-Dorfman Disease: Causing Aesthetic Problem in a Young Woman
Gastric IgG4-related disease presenting as a mass lesion and masquerading as a gastrointestinal stromal tumor.
Small Molecule Inhibitors of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Fusion by Targeting Cavities on Heptad Repeat Trimers.
Colorectal Cancer Screening (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Endometrial Cancer Screening (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Oral Cavity and Oropharyngeal Cancer Screening (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
[Work ability in workers with heart disease: assessing physical and psycho-social risks].
[The role of ambulatory cardiac rehabilitation on return to work of patients with cardiovascular diseases].
Effects of transportation noise and particulate matter on the cardiovascular system: What is the new evidence?
Isolation of an antimicrobial-resistant, biofilm-forming, Klebsiella grimontii isolate from a reusable water bottle.
Salt-Inducible Kinase 3 Haplotypes Associated with Noise-Induced Hearing Loss in Chinese Workers.
Inverse Relationship between Plasma Tumor Necrosis Factor-Like Weak Inducer of Apoptosis and Carotid Intima-Media Thickness among Patients Undergoing Hemodialysis and Peritoneal Dialysis.
Mitigation of the Adverse Consequences of Nutrient Excess on the Kidney: A Unified Hypothesis to Explain the Renoprotective Effects of Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 Inhibitors.
Voice-Based Classification of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: Where Are We and Where Are We Going? A Systematic Review.
Interleukin-1beta-Induced Senescence Promotes Osteoblastic Transition of Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells.
Elevated Serum Tryptase in Non-Anaphylaxis Cases: A Concise Review.
Feasibility, Reliability, and Validity of the Vietnamese Version of the Clinical Dementia Rating.
Frequency and Clinical Impact of Serious Adverse Events on Post-Stroke Recovery with NeuroAiD (MLC601) versus Placebo: The CHInese Medicine Neuroaid Efficacy on Stroke Recovery Study.
Hypophysitis (including IgG4 and immunotherapy).
Necrotizing fungal osteomyelitis and fingolimod, 4 years after treatment with fingolimod.
The upregulation of miR-98-5p affects the glycosylation of IgA1 through cytokines in IgA nephropathy.
Cancer risk in dialyzed patients with and without diabetes.
Acacetin enhances glucose uptake through insulin-independent GLUT4 translocation in L6 myotubes.
Time courses of HMGB1 and other inflammatory markers after generalized convulsive seizures.
From IBS to ME - The dysbiotic march hypothesis.
Repurposed drug candidates for antituberculosis therapy.
Structural basis and designing of peptide vaccine using PE-PGRS family protein of Mycobacterium ulcerans-An integrated vaccinomics approach.
Detection of allopurinol and oxypurinol in canine urine by HPLC/MS-MS: Focus on veterinary clinical pharmacokinetics.
Different cytokine patterns induced by Helicobacter pylori and Lactobacillus acidophilus extracts in PBMCs of patients with abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Obstructive sleep apnea in children with down syndrome - Prevalence and evaluation of surgical treatment.
Profiles of opinions among farmers and veterinarians towards the Tuberculosis Eradication Programme in cattle in Spain.
Association between erythrocyte membrane n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and carotid atherosclerosis: A prospective study.
Antithrombotic agents for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with end-stage renal disease on chronic hemodialysis.
Clinical characteristics and 10-year outcomes of diabetes in adults with advancing age at onset: A population cohort.
Examining the cardiovascular response to fear extinction in a trauma-exposed sample.
Novel anti-Wolbachia drugs, a new approach in the treatment and prevention of veterinary filariasis?
Drug treatment and psychological distress in inflammatory bowel disease: Response to Sovich \' s letter to the Editor.
Can Cholera "Hotspots" be Converted to Cholera "Coldspots" in Cholera Endemic Countries? The Matlab, Bangladesh Experience.
Time to embrace access programmes for medicines: Lessons from the South African flucytosine access programme.
Statins reduce vascular inflammation in atherogenesis: a review of underlying molecular mechanisms.
Mercury-induced autoimmunity: Report of two adolescent siblings with Morvan syndrome "plus" and review of the literature.
Photodynamic therapy in combination with surgery for the treatment of an extensive squamous cell carcinoma in situ - a case report.
Transvaginal Ultrasound Can Accurately Predict the American Society of Reproductive Medicine (ASRM) Stage of Endometriosis Assigned at Laparoscopy.
Pregnancy-preserving laparoendoscopic single-site surgery (LESS) for gynecological disease: a case series.
Foot-and-mouth disease virus: prospects for using knowledge of virus biology to improve control of this continuing global threat.
gga-miR-27b-3p Enhances Type I Interferon Expression and Suppresses Infectious Bursal Disease Virus Replication via Targeting Cellular Suppressors of Cytokine Signaling 3 and 6 (SOCS3 and 6).
Delivering multi-disease screening to migrants for latent TB and blood-borne viruses in an emergency department setting: A feasibility study.
The Role of Multisystem Disease in Composition of Autologous Serum Tears and Ocular Surface Symptom Improvement.
HIPPOCAMPAL ATROPHY BASED ALZHEIMER \' S DISEASE DIAGNOSIS VIA MACHINE LEARNING METHODS.
Protective effects of lycopene in cancer, cardiovascular, and neurodegenerative diseases: An update on epidemiological and mechanistic perspectives.
Brain microRNAs dysregulation: implication for missplicing and abnormal post-translational modifications of tau protein in Alzheimer \' s disease and related tauopathies.
Chemical hypoxia induces pro-inflammatory signals in fat-laden hepatocytes and contributes to cellular crosstalk with Kupffer cells through extracellular vesicles.
A phase II trial of chemoradiotherapy using weekly docetaxel for high-risk postoperative oral squamous cell carcinoma patients.
Free-breathing dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance of interstitial lung fibrosis.
Clustering of cryptosporidiosis in queensland, australia, is not defined temporally or by spatial diversity.
Apatinib exhibits cytotoxicity toward leukemia cells by targeting VEGFR2-mediated prosurvival signaling and angiogenesis.
HPLC reveals novel features of nucleoside and nucleobase homeostasis, nucleoside metabolism and nucleoside transport.
Mechanisms of Co, Ni, and Mn toxicity: From exposure and homeostasis to their interactions with and impact on lipids and biomembranes.
Selective anticancer activity of synthetic peptides derived from the host defence peptide tritrpticin.
Novel fatty acid-binding protein 3 ligand inhibits dopaminergic neuronal death and improves motor and cognitive impairments in Parkinson \' s disease model mice.
SAR based in-vitro anticholinesterase and molecular docking studies of nitrogenous progesterone derivatives.
Volatile disease markers of American foulbrood-infected larvae in Apis mellifera.
Benzyl isothiocyanate ameliorates high-fat/cholesterol/cholic acid diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis through inhibiting cholesterol crystal-activated NLRP3 inflammasome in Kupffer cells.
Species-specific patterns of shelter exploitation in Chagas disease vectors of the genus Rhodnius.
HossainMolecular epidemiological survey of cutaneous leishmaniasis from Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.
Tau Reduction Prevents Key Features of Autism in Mouse Models.
COVID-19, Australia: Epidemiology Report 5 (Reporting week ending 19:00 AEDT 29 February 2020).
Population implications of the deployment of novel universal vaccines against epidemic and pandemic influenza.
The Colors of Health: Chemistry, Bioactivity, and Market Demand for Colorful Foods and Natural Food Sources of Colorants.
ON THE ASSESSMENT OF THE CRUZAIN CYSTEINE PROTEASE REVERSIBLE AND IRREVERSIBLE COVALENT INHIBITION MECHANISM.
Macrophage-derived MMP-9 enhances the progression of atherosclerotic lesions and vascular calcification in transgenic rabbits.
Type II Alexander disease caused by splicing errors and aberrant overexpression of an uncharacterized GFAP isoform.
Osthole-loaded N-octyl-O-sulfonyl chitosan micelles (NSC-OST) inhibits RANKL-induced osteoclastogenesis and prevents ovariectomy-induced bone loss in rats.
Integrative analysis of the genomic and transcriptomic landscape of double-refractory multiple myeloma.
Rituximab/bendamustine and rituximab/cytarabine induction therapy for transplant-eligible mantle cell lymphoma.
Microglia in Alzheimer \' s disease: Local heroes!
Inhibition of Endothelin system during the postnatal nephrogenic period in the rat. Its relationship with hypertension and renal disease in adulthood.
Continuous intraocular pressure monitoring in patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome using a contact lens sensor.
Increased circulating adiponectin is an independent disease activity marker in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: A cross-sectional study using the KURAMA database.
Mathematical modeling and parameter estimation of levodopa motor response in patients with parkinson disease.
Evaluation and identification of wild lentil accessions for enhancing genetic gains of cultivated varieties.
Pregnancy rest-activity patterns are related to salivary cortisol rhythms and maternal-fetal health indicators in women from a disadvantaged population.
Exploration of risk factors for ceftriaxone resistance in invasive non-typhoidal Salmonella infections in western Kenya.
Survival of white-tailed deer fawns in central Iowa.
Characterization of the IgA response to PRRS virus in pig oral fluids.
Responses of the putative trachoma vector, Musca sorbens, to volatile semiochemicals from human faeces.
Detection of dengue virus type 2 of Indian origin in acute febrile patients in rural Kenya.
Seroprevalence of EV-A71 neutralizing antibodies following the 2011 epidemic in HCMC, Vietnam.
Quantifying the socio-economic impact of leg lymphoedema on patient caregivers in a lymphatic filariasis and podoconiosis co-endemic district of Ethiopia.
Genomic epidemiological characteristics of dengue fever in Guangdong province, China from 2013 to 2017.
Distinct gene expression patterns in vector-residing Leishmania infantum identify parasite stage-enriched markers.
A method of back-calculating the log odds ratio and standard error of the log odds ratio from the reported group-level risk of disease.
Preoperative prognostic nutritional index as an independent prognostic factor for resected ampulla of Vater cancer.
Shedding and stability of CWD prion seeding activity in cervid feces.
Medical management and visual rehabilitation of limbal niche dysfunction.
Telomere shortening reflecting physical aging is associated with cognitive decline and dementia conversion in mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer \' s disease.
GAA compound heterozygous mutations associated with autophagic impairment cause cerebral infarction in Pompe disease.
Sharing SRP data to reduce environmentally associated disease and promote transdisciplinary research.
Prevalence of obesity and overweight in Iranian students: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
General properties of autoimmune thyroid diseases and associated morbidities.
LC-MS/MS analysis of plasma glucosylsphingosine as a biomarker for diagnosis and follow-up monitoring in Gaucher disease in the Spanish population.
Identification of breath-prints for the COPD detection associated with smoking and household air pollution by electronic nose.
A Simple and Rapid Method to Measure Food Intake in Fish Using Brine Shrimp.
Invited Commentary on "Small Bowel Crohn Disease at CT and MR Enterography," with Response from Dr Guglielmo et al.
Imaging Findings in Tuberculous Heart Disease.
Pearls, Pitfalls, and Conditions that Mimic Mesenteric Ischemia at CT.
Invited Commentary on "Quantitative CT Analysis of Diffuse Lung Disease".
Imaging and Treatment of Complications of Abdominal and Pelvic Mesh Repair.
Intrapopulation Antagonism Can Reduce the Growth and Aggressiveness of the Wheat Head Blight Pathogen Fusarium graminearum.
A review of clinical pharmacogenetics Studies in African populations.
Longitudinal Retinal Layer Changes and Clinical Outcome in Patients with Multiple Evanescent White Dot Syndrome.
Around the World in 100 Years: The Global Expansion of the IADR and Regional Contributions to Oral Health Research.
Antimicrobial Susceptibility Patterns of Legionella spp. Strains Isolated from Water Systems in Morocco.
Can the CRP/albumin Ratio be Used as a New Indicator of Activation in Patients with Uveitis?
Effect of physical exercise on popular measures of executive function in older, nonclinical, participants of randomized controlled trials: A meta-analytic review.
Yes-Associated Protein and PDZ Binding Motif: A Critical Signaling Pathway in the Control of Human Pluripotent Stem Cells Self-Renewal and Differentiation.
Long-term survival outcome for pre-capillary pulmonary hypertension at a Japanese single center.
Relation Between Chest CT Findings and Clinical Conditions of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Pneumonia: A Multicenter Study.
Chemistry of pterostilbene and its metabolic effects.
A liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry based label-free quantification method for assessment of allergen-induced anaphylactoid reactions.
Nonsense suppression induced readthrough of a novel PAX6 mutation in patient-derived cells of congenital aniridia.
Stimuli-Responsive Delivery of Growth Factors for Tissue Engineering.
A Framework for Automated and Objective Modification of Tubular Structures: Application to the Internal Carotid Artery.
Long non-coding RNA LINC00467 drives hepatocellular carcinoma progression via inhibiting NR4A3.
Monitoring of older HIV-1-positive adults by HIV clinics in the United Kingdom: a national quality improvement initiative.
PNPLA3 I148M gene variant and Chronic Kidney Disease in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With NAFLD: Clinical and Experimental Findings.
Use of Hepatitis C NAT Positive Liver Allografts in Hepatitis C Virus Seronegative Recipients.
Characteristics of fecal metabolic profiles in patients with irritable bowel syndrome with predominant diarrhea investigated using 1 H-NMR coupled with multivariate statistical analysis.
Predictive value of prognostic nutritional index in patients with oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Efficacy of Oral Retinoids for Keratoacanthoma Centrifugum Marginatum.
Downregulation of serum exosomal miR-320d predicts poor prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Interventions Addressing Barriers to Delayed Cancer Diagnosis in Low- and Middle-Income Countries: A Systematic Review.
Correlations between Direct and Calculated Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Measurements in Children and Adolescents.
An Update on the Microbiology, Immunology and Genetics of Seborrheic Dermatitis.
Copathology in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy: Does It Matter?
MicroRNA-124-3p.1 promotes cell proliferation through Axin1-dependent Wnt signaling pathway and predicts a poor prognosis of triple-negative breast cancer.
Design of the SILICOFCM study: Effect of sacubitril/valsartan vs lifestyle intervention on functional capacity in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Posttransplantation cyclophosphamide improves transplantation outcomes in patients with AML/MDS who are treated with checkpoint inhibitors.
Prognostic potential of liquid biopsy tracking in the posttreatment surveillance of patients with nonmetastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Applying single-cell technologies to clinical pathology: progress in nephropathology.
Double-faced implication of CD4+ Foxp3+ regulatory T cells expanded by acute dengue infection via TLR2/MyD88 pathway.
Evaluation of two multiplex RT-PCR assays for detection and subtype differentiation of Brazilian swine influenza viruses.
The Pathophysiology and Clinical Manifestations of Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 6.
A case of the lower gastrointestinal bleeding due to Dieulafoy \' s ulcer in the cecum.
How genomic information is accessed in clinical practice: an electronic survey of UK general practitioners.
Hyperphosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis caused by a novel variant in the GALNT3 gene.
Prognostic value of neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio and other inflammatory markers in patients with high-risk soft tissue sarcomas.
Critical coronary artery ostial narrowing and sudden death.
Forgiveness and chronic pain: a systematic review.
Mutations in GAA Gene in Tunisian Families with Infantile Onset Pompe Disease: Novel Mutation and Structural Modeling Investigations.
Medical Histories of Control Subjects Influence the Biomarker Potential of Plasma Abeta in Alzheimer \' s Disease: a Meta-analysis.
Clinical expert consensus document on quantitative coronary angiography from the Japanese Association of Cardiovascular Intervention and Therapeutics.
Predictors of Colorectal Cancer Screening Participation in Southern Khorasan (Iran).
Knowledge About Gastrointestinal Cancers in People Referred for Endoscopy and Colonoscopy During a Screening Program: a Cross-sectional Study in Guilan, North of Iran.
Metabolic and amyloid PET network reorganization in Alzheimer \' s disease: differential patterns and partial volume effects.
Indications for Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation in Myelodysplastic Syndrome.
Epithelial Plasticity, Autophagy and Metastasis: Potential Modifiers of the Crosstalk to Overcome Therapeutic Resistance.
Latest treatment strategies aiming for a cure in transplant-eligible multiple myeloma patients: how I cure younger MM patients with lower cost.
Patient-nephrologist prognostic awareness and discordance in end stage renal disease on renal replacement therapy.
Treadmill Exercise Attenuates Abeta-Induced Mitochondrial Dysfunction and Enhances Mitophagy Activity in APP/PS1 Transgenic Mice.
Characteristic of slow growth in cell culture of adenovirus type 54 causing nationwide outbreak epidemic keratoconjunctivitis in Japan.
Foveal avascular zone area analysis in juvenile-onset type 1 diabetes using optical coherence tomography angiography.
Eye tracking metrics to screen and assess cognitive impairment in patients with neurological disorders.
Assessment of cutaneous axon-reflex responses to evaluate functional integrity of autonomic small nerve fibers.
Association between ZNF184 and symptoms of Parkinson \' s disease in southern Chinese.
Identification of potential key mRNAs and LncRNAs for psoriasis by bioinformatic analysis using weighted gene co-expression network analysis.
Iodine overlays to improve differentiation between peritoneal carcinomatosis and benign peritoneal lesions.
Prevalence of ankylosing spondylitis in a Chinese population: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pituitary surgery \' s epidemiology using a national inpatient database in Japan.
Avoiding repeated surgery in patients with acute invasive fungal sinusitis.
PoMet3 and PoMet14 associated with sulfate assimilation are essential for conidiogenesis and pathogenicity in Pyricularia oryzae.
Scorpion envenomation: state of the art.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) as a SARS-CoV-2 receptor: molecular mechanisms and potential therapeutic target.
Meningococcal and pneumococcal carriage in Hajj pilgrims: findings of a randomised controlled trial.
Current and Future Spatiotemporal Patterns of Lyme Disease Reporting in the Northeastern United States.
Challenges in Predicting Lyme Disease Risk.
Association of mucosal-associated invariant T cells with different disease phases of polymyalgia rheumatica.
US Health Care Spending by Payer and Health Condition, 1996-2016.
New Nonsurgical Option Approved for Thyroid Eye Disease.
Prolonged carriage of (livestock-associated) MRSA in individuals without professional livestock contact.
Statistical inference in matched case-control studies of recurrent events.
A Mass Spectrometry-Based Panel of Nine Thyroid Hormone Metabolites in Human Serum.
Long-term prognostic value of stress myocardial perfusion echocardiography in patients with coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis.
Selenium deficiency exacerbates LPS-induced necroptosis by regulating miR-16-5p targeting PI3K in chicken tracheal tissue.
[The structure of inflammatory periodontal diseases and the dynamics of the periodontal status in pregnant women during the gestational period].
Ubiquitous antigen-specific T regulatory type 1 cells variably suppress hepatic and extrahepatic autoimmunity.
Tissue-resident T cell derived cytokines eliminate herpes simplex virus-2 infected cells.
PIK3Cdelta expression by fibroblasts promotes triple-negative breast cancer progression.
The omentum of obese girls harbors small adipocytes and browning transcripts.
DNA hyper-methylation during Tuberculosis dampens host immune responsiveness.
ESHRD: deconvolution of brain homogenate RNA expression data to identify cell-type-specific alterations in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Air Pollution and Kidney Disease.
An ultralong CDRH2 in HCV neutralizing antibody demonstrates structural plasticity of antibodies against E2 glycoprotein.
Genetic inactivation of mTORC1 or mTORC2 in neurons reveals distinct functions in glutamatergic synaptic transmission.
Low lineage diversity and increased virulence of group C Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp. equisimilis.
African horse sickness virus NS4 is a nucleocytoplasmic protein that localizes to PML nuclear bodies.
Pediatric Chest Radiographic and CT Findings of Electronic Cigarette or Vaping Product Use-associated Lung Injury (EVALI).
Drug-coated Balloon Angioplasty of Femoropopliteal Lesions Maintained Superior Efficacy over Conventional Balloon: 2-year Results of the Randomized EffPac Trial.
Liver Stiffness Measured with Two-dimensional Shear-Wave Elastography Is Predictive of Liver-related Events in Patients with Chronic Liver Disease Due to Hepatis B Viral Infection.
The Urine Albumin-Creatinine Ratio and Kidney Function after Nephrectomy.
Actin-like protein 8 executes a promoting function in the malignant progression of endometrial cancer: identification of a promising biomarker.
Adaptation and validation of the chronic otitis media questionnaire 12 (COMQ-12) in the Mexican Spanish language (COMQ-12-Mx).
Elevated serum mitochondrial DNA in females and lack of altered platelet mitochondrial methylation in patients with Parkinson s disease.
Stent with radioactive seeds strand insertion for malignant hilar biliary obstruction.
Alzheimer \' s disease and gastrointestinal microbiota; impact of Helicobacter pylori infection involvement.
Application of percutaneous vertebroplasty and percutaneous kyphoplasty in treating Kummell \' s patients with different stages and postural correction status.
Leptin levels are not affected by enalapril treatment after an uncomplicated myocardial infarction, but associate strongly with changes in fibrinolytic variables in men.
Advances in trans-ulnar intervention: a successful trans-ulnar artery approach for left subclavian artery stenosis.
Association Between Periodontal Disease and Obstructive Sleep Apnea: What the Periodontist Should Know.
Peptidomimetic Vinyl Heterocycle Inhibitors of Cruzain Effect Anti-Trypanosomal Activity.
c9, t11, c15-CLNA and c9, t11, t15-CLNA from Lactobacillus plantarum ZS2058 Ameliorate DSS-Induced Colitis in Mice.
Broad Spectrum Antiviral Agent Niclosamide and Its Therapeutic Potential.
[Epidemic trend of corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in mainland China].
[Expert recommendations on the management of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer during epidemic of COVID-19 (Trial version)].
[Individualized treatment recommendations for lung cancer patients at different stages of treatment during the outbreak of 2019 novel coronavirus disease epidemic].
[Analysis on the epidemic factors for the Corona Virus Disease].
[Recommendations for respiratory rehabilitation of COVID-19 in adult].
[Management and clinical thinking of Coronavirus Disease 2019].
Palliative sedation and mortality in emergency departments: descriptive study of cases in the MORCAT registry.
Clinical features of pericarditis with and without myocardial involvement diagnosed in the emergency department and factors associated with need for hospitalization.
Analysis of the clinical response and changes in the expression of TNF-alpha and its TNFR1 and TNFR2 receptors in patients with psoriasis vulgaris treated with ustekinumab.
Up-regulation of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) expression and catalytic activity is associated with immunosuppression and poor prognosis in penile squamous cell carcinoma patients.
Quality of life and psychological functioning of pediatric and young adult patients with Gaucher disease, type 1.
miR-373 inhibits autophagy and further promotes apoptosis of cholangiocarcinoma cells by targeting ULK1.
Improving self-care efficacy and quality of life with a self-management program among patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: A quasi-experimental study.
In vitro proliferation of human epidermal melanocytes biopsied from multiple anatomical sites.
Selective Clamping in Patients with a Solitary Kidney During Robotic Partial Nephrectomy: Is It Safe and Does It Help?
letter to "Angiographic Characteristics in Moyamoya Disease with the p.R4810K Variant: A Propensity Score-Matched Analysis."
T1rho magnetic resonance fingerprinting.
Innate immune memory of tissue-resident macrophages and trained innate immunity: Re-vamping vaccine concept and strategies.
Expression of genes involved in apoptosis is dysregulated in mucopolysaccharidoses as revealed by pilot transcriptomic analyses.
Radioprotective effects of montelukast, a selective leukotriene CysLT1 receptor antagonist, against nephrotoxicity induced by gamma radiation in mice.
CD163-positive macrophage infiltration predicts systemic involvement in sarcoidosis.
Collider bias in the association of periodontitis and carotid intima-media thickness.
Cutaneous Microsporidiosis in an Immunosuppressed Patient.
Clinical features, complications, and outcomes of exogenous and endogenous catecholamine-triggered Takotsubo syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis of 156 published cases.
Coordinated demethylation of H3K9 and H3K27 is required for rapid inflammatory responses of endothelial cells.
Alzheimer \' s disease: A need for personalized therapeutic approaches.
Screening for invasive fungal disease using non-culture-based assays among inpatients with advanced HIV disease at a large academic hospital in South Africa.
Retinopathy develops at similar glucose levels but higher HbA1c levels in people with black African ancestry compared to white European ancestry: evidence for the need to individualize HbA1c interpretation.
Analyzing the Epidemiological Outbreak of COVID-19: A Visual Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) Approach.
Stability of regulatory T cells in T helper 2-biased allergic airway diseases.
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) for pain management in sickle cell disease.
Expression and clinical significance of circular RNAs hsa_circ_0000175 and hsa_circ_0008410 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Unraveling the genetic causes in large pedigrees with gout by whole-exome sequencing.
FOXO3a-SIRT6 axis suppresses aerobic glycolysis in melanoma.
Long non-coding RNA profile revealed by microarray indicates that lncCUEDC1 serves a negative regulatory role in breast cancer stem cells.
Lactobacillus salivarius BP121 prevents cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury by inhibition of uremic toxins such as indoxyl sulfate and p-cresol sulfate via alleviating dysbiosis.
CYP4A11 is involved in the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease via ROS-induced lipid peroxidation and inflammation.
Reply to Herbrecht and Colleagues.
Fibroblast growth factor 23 and new-onset chronic kidney disease in the general population: the Prevention of Renal and Vascular Endstage Disease (PREVEND) study.
Upregulation of TRPC6 mediated by PAX6 hypomethylation is involved in the mechanical allodyina induced by chemotherapeutics in dorsal root ganglion.
Knockdown of long non coding RNA SOX21-AS1 attenuates amyloid-beta-induced neuronal damage by sponging miR-107.
[Pancreatic metastasis of primary kidney cancer: A presentation of a serie of clinical cases and revision of the literature.]
Predictive value of prognostic nutritional index on tumor stage in patients with primary bladder cancer.
Multiple myeloma: challenges of differential diagnosis (clinical case).
Non-st-elevation acute coronary syndrome due to a totally occluded coronary artery: a history of two twin brothers.
[Pulmonary manifestations of crohn \' s disease or chronic pharmacotherapy complications? - case report].
[Sex steroids and adipokines in men with prostate cancer and their relationship with obesity and metabolic syndrome].
Prevalence of the generalized periodontitis in patients with different groups blood in depending on age and periodontal biotype.
Genetic polymorphism in patients with early and late onset of ulcerative colitis.
Ischemic mitral regurgitation: problem extent in cardiovascular surgery clinic.
Clinical and spirographic features of bronchial asthma in schoolchildren depending on the different regimens of basic anti-inflammatory therapy.
Association analysis between HOTAIR RS1899663 single nucleotide polymorphism and clear cell renal cell carcinoma development in Ukrainian population.
[COVID-19. The only certainty is the uncertainty].
Safety and Immunogenicity of Different Formulations of a Tetravalent Dengue Purified Inactivated Vaccine in Healthy Adults from Puerto Rico: Final Results after 3 Years of Follow-Up from a Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Phase I Study.
MiRNA-146a Polymorphism Was Not Associated with Malaria in Southern India.
Capture and Detection of Plasmodium vivax Lactate Dehydrogenase in a Bead-Based Multiplex Immunoassay.
Plasma Endotoxin Levels Are Not Increased in Schistosoma mansoni-Infected Women without Signs or Symptoms of Hepatosplenic Disease.
Factors Influencing the Sustainability of Neglected Tropical Disease Elimination Programs: A Multi-Case Study of the Kenya National Program for Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis.
Effects of Depression, Anxiety, Stigma, and Disclosure on Health-Related Quality of Life among Chronic Hepatitis B Patients in Dalian, China.
Characterization of a new positive allosteric modulator of AMPA receptors - PAM-43: specific binding of the ligand and its ability to potentiate AMPAR currents.
Oxidative stress in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer \' s disease and cerebrovascular disease with therapeutic implications.
Effects of Probiotics on Diabetic Nephropathy: A Systematic Review.
Role of GRINA/NMDARA1 in Central Nervous System Diseases.
MRI Radiomics Classification and Prediction in Alzheimer \' s Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Review.
Clinical application of thiopurine pharmacogenomics in pediatrics.
Epidemiology of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in North America.
The Effect Of CB1 Antagonism On Hepatic Oxidative/Nitrosative Stress And Inflammation In Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Potential treatment of Parkinson \' s disease with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Understanding immunogenicity assessments for meningococcal serogroup B vaccines.
Longitudinal case study and phenotypic multimodal characterization of McArdle disease-linked retinopathy: insight into pathomechanisms.
Primary progressive multiple sclerosis presenting under the age of 18 years: Fact or fiction?
What Do You Know About Maryjane? A Systematic Review of the Current Data on the THC:CBD Ratio.
Hip disarticulation with pedicled total leg fillet flap for recurrent fungating sarcoma.
Tumor-associated trypsin inhibitor (TATI) and tumor-associated trypsin-2 (TAT-2) predict outcomes in gastric cancer.
Global and regional connectivity analysis of resting-state function MRI brain images using graph theory in Parkinson \' s disease.
The evolution of the heart-healthy diet for vascular health: A walk through time.
The effects of epigenetic modification on the occurrence and progression of liver diseases and the involved mechanism.
Quality of Life of Latino and Non-Latino Youth With Sickle Cell Disease as Reported by Parents and Youth.
Cut-off points of appendicular lean soft tissue for identifying sarcopenia in older adults in Brazil: a cross-sectional study.
[Home and Ambulatory Artificial Nutrition (NADYA) Group Report. Home parenteral nutrition in Spain, 2018].
Fat intake and the risk of coronary heart disease among Jordanians.
Calorimetric studies of binary and ternary molecular interactions between transthyretin, Abeta peptides and small-molecule chaperones towards an alternative strategy for Alzheimer \' s Disease drug discovery.
Diagnostic value of joint detection of white blood cells, blood glucose, and serum lactic acid for hand-foot-and-mouth disease.
Role of inflammatory factors in peripheral blood cells of patients with ischemic cerebrovascular disease.
Endoscopic Self-Expandable Metal Stent Placement for Malignant Afferent Loop Obstruction After Pancreaticoduodenectomy: A Case Series and Review.
Adherence to subcutaneous anti-TNFalpha agents in patients with rheumatoid arthritis is largely influenced by pain and skin sensations at the injection site.
Sodium butyrate as an effective feed additive to improve growth performance and gastrointestinal development in broilers.
Long-term liver cancer incidence and mortality trends in the Changning District of Shanghai, China.
Do children and adolescents with completely resected alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma require adjuvant radiation? A report from the Children \' s Oncology Group.
Technology-driven research for radiotherapy innovation.
Arthroscopic Anatomical Repair of Anterior Talofibular Ligament for Chronic Lateral Instability of the Ankle: Medium- and Long-Term Functional Follow-Up.
Low-GGT intrahepatic cholestasis associated with biallelic USP53 variants: clinical, histological, and ultrastructural characterization.
Role of curcumin and its nanoformulations in neurotherapeutics: A comprehensive review.
"Everyone needs to understand each other \' s systems": Stakeholder views on the acceptability and viability of a Pharmacist Independent Prescriber role in care homes for older people in the UK.
CALIBER - A phase II randomised feasibility trial of chemoablation with mitomycin versus surgical management in low risk non-muscle invasive bladder cancer.
Hospital Emergency Management Plan During the COVID-19 Epidemic.
Thumbnail-squeezing method: an effective method for assessing Demodex density in rosacea.
Periventricular White Matter Hyperintensities Burden and Cognitive Impairment in Early Parkinson \' s Disease.
Increased risk of psychiatric disorders in adult patients with vitiligo: A nationwide, population-based cohort study in Taiwan.
Osteoporosis and Bone Health in Autoimmune Blistering Skin Disease - An Evidenced Based Review.
Evaluation of Current Status and Near Future Perspectives of Capsule endoscopy: Summary of Japan Digestive Disease Week 2019.
Fluconazole-resistant Candida parapsilosis strains with a Y132F substitution in the ERG11 gene causing invasive infections in a neonatal unit, South Africa.
Weight counseling in pediatric hidradenitis suppurativa patients.
Diagnostic Workup of Acute Leukemias of Ambiguous Lineage.
Sperm methylome alterations following yoga-based lifestyle intervention in patients of primary male infertility: A pilot study.
Liver Transplantation Outcomes in a U.S. Multicenter Cohort of 789 Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma Presenting Beyond Milan Criteria.
Detection of rice plant diseases based on deep transfer learning.
Incidence, Risk Factors for and Outcomes of Transplant-Associated Thrombotic Microangiopathy.
Novel variant p.(Ala102Thr) in SDHB causes mitochondrial complex II deficiency: Case report and review of the literature.
Emergency Department Visits and Subsequent Hospital Admission Trends for Patients with Chest Pain and a History of Coronary Artery Disease.
Human Papillomavirus Testing in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma in 2020: Where Are We Now and Where Are We Going?
mRNA level of ROCK1, RHOA, and LIMK2 as genes associated with apoptosis in evaluation of effectiveness of adalimumab treatment.
Assessment of vitamin D and inflammatory markers profile in cardiac tissue on Parkinson disease animal model.
[Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)].
Long-Term Outcomes in BRAF-Mutated Melanoma Treated with Combined Targeted Therapy or Immune Checkpoint Blockade: Are We Approaching a True Cure?
EPIC: A Tool to Estimate the Proportions of Different Cell Types from Bulk Gene Expression Data.
Modeling and Viewing T Cell Receptors Using TCRmodel and TCR3d.
Identification of Epitope-Specific T Cells in T-Cell Receptor Repertoires.
HLApers: HLA Typing and Quantification of Expression with Personalized Index.
Bioinformatics for Cancer Immunotherapy.
Cadmium-induced endothelial dysfunction mediated by asymmetric dimethylarginine.
Transcutaneous laryngeal ultrasonography: a reliable, non-invasive and inexpensive preoperative method in the evaluation of vocal cords motility-a prospective multicentric analysis on a large series and a literature review.
Influence of common clinical variables on intraoperative parathyroid hormone monitoring during surgery for primary hyperparathyroidism.
Identifying Drugs Inducing Prematurity by Mining Claims Data with High-Dimensional Confounder Score Strategies.
Predictive model of variables associated with health-related quality of life in patients with advanced chronic kidney disease receiving hemodialysis.
Long-term real-life outcomes in a georrefered cohort of acromegalic patients in Brazil.
Outcome of classical (CVPTC) and follicular (FVPTC) variants of papillary thyroid cancer: 15 years of follow-up.
Correlation Between SIRT2 3 \' UTR Gene Polymorphism and the Susceptibility to Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Nrf2/ARE is a key pathway for curcumin-mediated protection of TMJ chondrocytes from oxidative stress and inflammation.
Knowledge of Oral Cancer by a Brazilian Population.
Brain metastases treated with radiosurgery or hypofractionated stereotactic radiotherapy: outcomes and predictors of survival.
The effects of depression and age on sleep disturbances in patients with non-dialysis stage 3-5 chronic kidney disease: a single-center study.
Residual kidney function in nocturnal vs conventional haemodialysis patients: a prospective observational study.
DeepSurvNet: deep survival convolutional network for brain cancer survival rate classification based on histopathological images.
Determinants of High Parathyroid Hormone Levels in Patients With Severe Obesity and Their Relationship With the Cardiometabolic Risk Factors, Before and After a Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy Intervention.
Are Noninvasive Methods Comparable to Liver Biopsy in Postoperative Patients After Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass?
Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Obese Patients Undergoing Bariatric Surgery.
Evaluation of Liver Function Tests and Risk Score Assessment to Screen Patients for Significant Liver Disease Prior to Bariatric and Metabolic Surgery.
Can echocardiography improve the prediction of thromboembolic risk in atrial fibrillation? Evidences and perspectives.
Controversial Contribution of Th17/IL-17 Toward the Immune Response in Intestinal Fibrosis.
Trends in Hospitalizations for Clostridioides difficile Infection in End-Stage Liver Disease, 2005-2014.
Live births following preimplantation genetic testing for dynamic mutation diseases by karyomapping: a report of three cases.
The Impact of Treatment as Prevention on the HIV Epidemic in British Columbia, Canada.
Infectious mononucleosis, immune genotypes, and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL): an InterLymph Consortium study.
Outcomes and prognostic factors for women with breast cancer in Malawi.
A seven-gene-deleted African swine fever virus is safe and effective as a live attenuated vaccine in pigs.
Clinical trials for the treatment of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19): A rapid response to urgent need.
Comprehensive review of ASC structure and function in immune homeostasis and disease.
Evaluation of Anyplex  II MTB/MDR kit \' s performance to rapidly detect isoniazid and rifampicin resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis from various clinical specimens.
Combination of Omega 3 and Coenzyme Q10 Exerts Neuroprotective Potential Against Hypercholesterolemia-Induced Alzheimer \' s-Like Disease in Rats.
Effect of beta-sitosterol on glucose homeostasis by sensitization of insulin resistance via enhanced protein expression of PPRgamma and glucose transporter 4 in high fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Dynamic changes in the signal-averaged electrocardiogram are associated with the long-term outcomes after ablation of ischemic ventricular tachycardia.
Management of moderate-to-severe dry eye disease using chitosan-N-acetylcysteine (Lacrimera ) eye drops: a retrospective case series.
The IgG galactosylation ratio is higher in spondyloarthritis patients and associated with the MRI score.
ASO Author Reflections: Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy for Localized Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma-Predictors of Disease Progression and Performance Status Decline.
Inflammatory bowel disease position statement of the Italian Society of Colorectal Surgery (SICCR): ulcerative colitis.
Systematic review and meta-analysis comparing primary resection and anastomosis versus Hartmann \' s procedure for the management of acute perforated diverticulitis with generalised peritonitis.
Structural Determinants of Black MSM HIV Testing Coverage (2011-2016).
The crosstalk of NAD, ROS and autophagy in cellular health and ageing.
Update on Pediatric Optic Neuritis.
Short- and long-term renal outcomes following severe rhabdomyolysis: a French multicenter retrospective study of 387 patients.
Fatty acid-driven modifications in T-cell profiles in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients.
Pediatric APS: State of the Art.
Preoperative predictors of liver decompensation after mini-invasive liver resection.
Safety and clinical outcomes of urgent superficial temporal artery-middle cerebral artery bypass-a single-institution retrospective analysis.
Survival analysis of patients with hip fracture, Shiraz, Iran.
Early primary anorectal malignant melanoma treated with endoscopic submucosal dissection: a case report.
Cytomegalovirus infection is associated with worse outcomes in inflammatory bowel disease hospitalizations nationwide.
Pre-emptive rituximab and plasma exchange does not prevent disease recurrence following living donor renal transplantation in high-risk idiopathic SRNS.
Correction to: Mode of initial renal replacement therapy and transplant outcomes in the chronic kidney disease in children (CKiD) study.
Human inborn errors of immunity underlying superficial or invasive candidiasis.
33rd international mammalian genome conference: meeting highlights.
Stepping up infection control measures in ophthalmology during the novel coronavirus outbreak: an experience from Hong Kong.
Clinical features and short-term outcomes of 18 patients with corona virus disease 2019 in intensive care unit.
Current understanding of and emerging treatment options for spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress type 1 (SMARD1).
Fine mapping of leaf rust resistance gene Rph13 from wild barley.
Symmetry-breaking transitions in the early steps of protein self-assembly.
Effects of long-term inhaled corticosteroid treatment on fragility fractures in older women: the Manitoba BMD registry study.
The molecular landscape of osteogenesis imperfecta in a Brazilian tertiary service cohort.
Inflammatory dilated cardiomyopathy : Etiology and clinical management.
Temporal Trends and Geographic Variations in Mortality Rates from Prescription Opioids: Lessons from Florida and West Virginia.
Utilization of Acid Suppression Medication in an Underserved Population.
TimeMeter assesses temporal gene expression similarity and identifies differentially progressing genes.
Detection of Rickettsia asembonensis in Fleas (Siphonaptera: Pulicidae, Ceratophyllidae) Collected in Five Counties in Georgia, United States.
Loss of life expectancy from air pollution compared to other risk factors: a worldwide perspective.
Paper-based microchip electrophoresis for point-of-care hemoglobin testing.
Beyond the Relief of Pain: Dentin Hypersensitivity and Oral Health-Related Quality of Life.
Model evaluation of target product profiles of an infant vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in a developed country setting.
CT derived radiomic score for predicting the added benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy following surgery in Stage I, II resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: a retrospective multi-cohort study for outcome prediction.
Zeolites ameliorate asbestos toxicity in a transgenic model of malignant mesothelioma.
Weight loss is a sufficient and economical single outcome measure of murine dextran sulfate sodium colitis.
MicroRNA as novel biomarkers and therapeutic targets in diabetic kidney disease: An update.
Molecular regulation of skeletal muscle mass and the contribution of nitric oxide: A review.
Losing maleness: Somatic Y chromosome loss at every stage of a man \' s life.
Bile acid receptor agonists in primary biliary cholangitis: Regulation of the cholangiocyte secretome and downstream T cell differentiation.
A novel mutation alters the stability of PapA2 resulting in the complete abrogation of sulfolipids in clinical mycobacterial strains.
Identification of hepatic NPC1L1 as an NAFLD risk factor evidenced by ezetimibe-mediated steatosis prevention and recovery.
Macrophage-derived HMGB1 is dispensable for tissue fibrogenesis.
TRPC6 inactivation does not protect against diabetic kidney disease in streptozotocin (STZ)-treated Sprague-Dawley rats.
Regeneration competent satellite cell niches in rat engineered skeletal muscle.
Bicaudal D1 impairs autophagosome maturation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
A case report: metastasis of melanoma to the heart in an era of immunotherapy.
A case report of heart transplant for ischaemic cardiomyopathy from lupus coronary vasculitis.
Three-valve endocarditis in a patient with bioprosthetic aortic valve replacement and intravenous drug use: a case report.
Complete reversal of constriction physiology with antitubercular treatment without steroid: a case report.
Ventricular fibrillation associated with vasospastic angina pectoris in Fabry disease: a case report.
The use of serial cardiac 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose- positron emission tomography imaging to diagnose, monitor, and tailor treatment of cardiac sarcoidosis patients with arrhythmias: a case series and review.
Ventricular fibrillation in congenitally corrected transposition of great arteries treated with pacing: a case report.
Multivessel percutaneous coronary intervention with bifurcation stenting in a quadfurcated single coronary artery from the right aortic sinus: a case report.
Long-term outcome of resuming anticoagulation after anticoagulation-associated intracerebral hemorrhage.
Quorum Sensing Autoinducer-3 Finally Yields to Structural Elucidation.
A Triple-Regulated Oncolytic Adenovirus Carrying MicroRNA-143 Exhibits Potent Antitumor Efficacy in Colorectal Cancer.
Conversion of mesenchymal stem cells into a canine hepatocyte-like cells by Foxa1 and Hnf4a.
Superficial Cutaneous Zygomycosis Presenting as Resistant Intertrigo: A Case Report.
Early Results of Mechanochemical Ablation with Flebogrif  in great Saphenous Vein Insufficiency: does Polidocanol Concentration Affect Outcome?
How to Repair Non-Atheromatous Carotid Lesions.
A Single-Center Experience on Below-The-Knee Endovascular Treatment in Diabetic Patients.
The Influence of Diabetes Mellitus on the Outcome of Superficial Femoral Artery Recanalization is Debatable.
Emerging pathogens: A case of Wohlfahrtiimonas chitiniclastica and Ignatzschineria indica bacteremia.
Successful treatment of rhino-facial mucormycosis in a diabetic patient.
Sporotrichosis: The case series in Thailand and literature review in Southeast Asia.
Sacral Dysmorphism and Lumbosacral Transitional Vertebrae (LSTV) Review.
Biomechanics of the Sacroiliac Joint: Anatomy, Function, Biomechanics, Sexual Dimorphism, and Causes of Pain.
Association of Apple necrotic mosaic virus (ApNMV) with mosaic disease in commercially grown cultivars of apple (Malus domestica Borkh) in India.
Artificial Intelligence in Global Health -A Framework and Strategy for Adoption and Sustainability.
Current and Emerging Issues in Global Health: An Introduction to Special Journal Collection.
The role of full-endoscopic lumbar discectomy in patients with neurodegenerative disorders: Technical note and short literature review.
Adaptive radiosurgery based on two simultaneous dose prescriptions in the management of large renal cell carcinoma brain metastases in critical areas: Towards customization.
Rapid identification of chemical profile in Gandou decoction by UPLC-Q-TOF-MSE coupled with novel informatics UNIFI platform.
Attenuation Measuring Ultrasound Shearwave Elastography as a Method for Evaluating Pancreatic Viscoelasticity.
Adrenal angiosarcoma with metastasis: Imaging and histopathology of a rare adrenal cancer.
Effects of co-infection on the clinical outcomes of Clostridium difficile infection.
Perspectives of People with Multiple Sclerosis About Helminth Immunotherapy.
Changes in Activity Participation After Multiple Sclerosis Diagnosis.
Comparative proteomic analysis of the brain and colon in three rat models of irritable bowel syndrome.
Genetic alterations in B cell lymphoma subtypes as potential biomarkers for noninvasive diagnosis, prognosis, therapy, and disease monitoring.
MCLENA-1: A Phase II Clinical Trial for the Assessment of Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of Lenalidomide in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment Due to Alzheimer \' s Disease.
SRSF7 maintains its homeostasis through the expression of Split-ORFs and nuclear body assembly.
Diagnostic value of plasma phosphorylated tau181 in Alzheimer \' s disease and frontotemporal lobar degeneration.
Plasma P-tau181 in Alzheimer \' s disease: relationship to other biomarkers, differential diagnosis, neuropathology and longitudinal progression to Alzheimer \' s dementia.
ChromID identifies the protein interactome at chromatin marks.
Dual-targeting nanoparticle vaccine elicits a therapeutic antibody response against chronic hepatitis B.
Dysfunction of cortical GABAergic neurons leads to sensory hyper-reactivity in a Shank3 mouse model of ASD.
Mimicking coeliac disease in mice.
Brain iron correlates with cognitive change in Parkinson disease.
Wernicke encephalopathy-a rare complication of hyperemesis gravidarum.
Hybridization and introgression drive genome evolution of Dutch elm disease pathogens.
Dissimilation of synonymous codon usage bias in virus-host coevolution due to translational selection.
Blood RNA analysis can increase clinical diagnostic rate and resolve variants of uncertain significance.
Gastric cancer: genome damaged by bugs.
Targeting metabolic activity in high-risk neuroblastoma through Monocarboxylate Transporter 1 (MCT1) inhibition.
Evaluating the efficacy of multiple myeloma cell lines as models for patient tumors via transcriptomic correlation analysis.
Primary mammary angiosarcomas harbor frequent mutations in KDR and PIK3CA and show evidence of distinct pathogenesis.
Exploring the protective effects of schizandrol A in acute myocardial ischemia mice by comprehensive metabolomics profiling integrated with molecular mechanism studies.
CD8+CD161hi T cells are associated with acute graft-versus-host disease after haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Lactobacillus paracasei-derived extracellular vesicles attenuate the intestinal inflammatory response by augmenting the endoplasmic reticulum stress pathway.
PROM2 promotes gemcitabine chemoresistance via activating the Akt signaling pathway in pancreatic cancer.
Author Correction: Membrane directed expression in Escherichia coli of BBA57 and other virulence factors from the Lyme disease agent Borrelia burgdorferi.
A bacterial cell factory converting glucose into scyllo-inositol, a therapeutic agent for Alzheimer \' s disease.
TREM-1 activation is a potential key regulator in driving severe pathogenesis of enterovirus A71 infection.
A soluble truncated tau species related to cognitive dysfunction is elevated in the brain of cognitively impaired human individuals.
The LRRK2 N-terminal domain influences vesicle trafficking: impact of the E193K variant.
Self-rated health and risk of incident non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A cohort study.
Basic Hallmarks of Urothelial Cancer Unleashed in Primary Uroepithelium by Interference with the Epigenetic Master Regulator ODC1.
Association between Fatty Liver Index and Periodontitis: the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Evaluation of the efficiency of dried blood spot-based measurement of hepatitis B and hepatitis C virus seromarkers.
Serum sHLA-G: Significant diagnostic biomarker with respect to therapy and immunosuppressive mediators in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
PET imaging of medulloblastoma with an 18F-labeled tryptophan analogue in a transgenic mouse model.
Serum proteomics of active tuberculosis patients and contacts reveals unique processes activated during Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection.
Genome sequencing of human in vitro fertilisation embryos for pathogenic variation screening.
Hepatic stellate cell hypertrophy is associated with metabolic liver fibrosis.
Identification of serum biomarkers for active pulmonary tuberculosis using a targeted metabolomics approach.
The reduction of DSS-induced colitis severity in mice exposed to cigarette smoke is linked to immune modulation and microbial shifts.
Local oral and nasal microbiome diversity in age-related macular degeneration.
Novel gastrointestinal disease in common marmosets characterised by duodenal dilation: a clinical and pathological study.
Statistical Tests for Force Inference in Heterogeneous Environments.
Clustering of Largely Right-Censored Oropharyngeal Head and Neck Cancer Patients for Discriminative Groupings to Improve Outcome Prediction.
Azlocillin can be the potential drug candidate against drug-tolerant Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto JLB31.
Sex and APOE epsilon4 genotype modify the Alzheimer \' s disease serum metabolome.
Serial femtosecond crystallography on in vivo-grown crystals drives elucidation of mosquitocidal Cyt1Aa bioactivation cascade.
Screening and function discussion of a hereditary renal tubular acidosis family pathogenic gene.
Consolidation with carfilzomib, lenalidomide, and dexamethasone (KRd) following ASCT results in high rates of minimal residual disease negativity and improves bone metabolism, in the absence of bisphosphonates, among newly diagnosed patients with multiple myeloma.
Correction: Rivastigmine modifies the alpha-secretase pathway and potentially early Alzheimer \' s disease.
Diffusion Weighted Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the Assessment of Renal Function and Parenchymal Changes in Chronic Kidney Disease: A Preliminary Study.
Solving Challenging Situations and Complications in Everyday Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Using Chronic Total Occlusion Techniques.
Cardiovascular Risk Stratification for Patients Treated With Drug-Eluting Stents: Development and Validation of the DESIRE Score.
Intravascular Ultrasound Imaging Versus Digital Subtraction Angiography in Patients with Peripheral Vascular Disease.
Quality Improvement in Congenital Heart Surgery.
bioPROTACs as versatile modulators of intracellular therapeutic targets including proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA).
Mechanophenotyping of 3D multicellular clusters using displacement arrays of rendered tractions.
The effects of evolutionary adaptations on spreading processes in complex networks.
Conformational control of small GTPases by AMPylation.
Assessing the role of live poultry trade in community-structured transmission of avian influenza in China.
Abrogation of esophageal carcinoma development in miR-31 knockout rats.
A hepatocyte differentiation model reveals two subtypes of liver cancer with different oncofetal properties and therapeutic targets.
Author response: Quality of life predicts outcome of deep brain stimulation in early Parkinson disease.
Reader response: Quality of life predicts outcome of deep brain stimulation in early Parkinson disease.
Editors \'  note: Quality of life predicts outcome of deep brain stimulation in early Parkinson disease.
Pulling the Hood off Genetic Susceptibility to Hypertensive Renal Disease.
Simple MRI score aids prediction of dementia in cerebral small vessel disease.
Movement disorders in patients with alternating hemiplegia: "Soft" and "stiff" at the same time.
Inflammatory profiles relate to survival in subtypes of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Cortical topological network changes following optic neuritis.
Erdheim-Chester disease among neuroinflammatory syndromes: the case for precision medicine.
Transitioning from Basic toward Systems Pharmacodynamic Models: Lessons from Corticosteroids.
Communicable diseases in humanitarian operations and disasters.
Dendritic Cells of Mesenteric and Regional Lymph Nodes Contribute to Yersinia enterocolitica O:3-Induced Reactive Arthritis in TNFRp55-/- Mice.
Projected estimates of cancer in Canada in 2020.
Cross-regulation between LUBAC and caspase-1 modulates cell death and inflammation.
Heterotrimeric Gq proteins as therapeutic targets?
Accurate Genomic Predictions for Chronic Wasting Disease in U.S. White-Tailed Deer.
The Factor H-binding site of CspZ as a protective target against multi-strain, tick-transmitted Lyme disease.
The differential response of the chicken trachea to chronic infection with virulent Mycoplasma gallisepticum strain Ap3AS and Vaxsafe MG (strain ts-304) - a transcriptional profile.
The Legionella pneumophila metaeffector Lpg2505 (MesI) regulates SidI-mediated translation inhibition and novel glycosyl hydrolase activity.
Gut epithelial metabolism as a key driver of intestinal dysbiosis associated with noncommunicable diseases.
Putative beta-barrel outer membrane proteins of the bovine digital dermatitis-associated treponemes: identification, functional characterisation and immunogenicity.
From Nursery to Nursing Home: Emerging Concepts in Clostridioides difficile Pathogenesis.
Early endothelial activation precedes glycocalyx degradation and microvascular dysfunction in experimentally induced Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax infection.
Genomic and immunologic characterization of INI1-deficient pediatric cancers.
Ocular complications of cat scratch disease.
Posterior corneal features in patients with Down syndrome and their relation with keratoconus.
Do 2019 European League against rheumatism/American College of Rheumatology classification criteria for systemic lupus erythematosus also indicate the disease activity?
SLE classification criteria items are not dependent on current activity but may accumulate over time. Response to:  \' Do 2019 European League against rheumatism/American College of Rheumatology classification criteria for systemic lupus erythematosus also indicate the disease activity? \'  by Teng et al.
Timeliness of signal detection for adverse events following influenza vaccination in young children: a simulation case study.
Systematic review of whole genome sequencing data to predict phenotypic drug resistance and susceptibility in Swedish Mycobacterium tuberculosis isolates 2016-2018.
Current and future treatments for tuberculosis.
Doctors didn \' t breach duty of care by not telling woman her father had Huntington \' s disease.
Potential therapy of vitamin B17 against Ehrlich solid tumor induced changes in Interferon gamma, Nuclear factor kappa B, DNA fragmentation, p53, Bcl2, survivin, VEGF and TNF-alpha Expressions in mice.
Mechanism of deglutition stage acupuncture for treating deglutition disorder after stroke.
Association between obesity and risk of knee osteoarthritis.
Antioxidant studies of citric acid and citrus fruits towards paraquat by cyclic voltammetry: An antidote of paraquat poisoning.
Screening of water distilled Rosa damascena Mill. flowers as hematopoietic agent in an animal model.
Yishenhuoxue formula regulates TGF-beta/Smad signal transduction to protect rats against Diabetic kidney disease injury.
Intravascular ultrasound to guide left main stem intervention: a sub-study of the NOBLE trial.
Neuroimaging in Neuro-Urology.
In Response to Yavas G and Yavas C on Comment on "Intensified Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy for Locally Advanced Rectal Cancer in Elderly Patients: Toxicity, Disease Control, and Survival Outcomes".
[Cystatin C: Biomarker of cardiovascular risk in HIV].
[Nephrolithiasis: From mechanisms to preventive medical treatment].
Sarcoidosis and the mTOR, Rac1, and Autophagy Triad.
Compartmentalized muscle redox signals controlling exercise metabolism - Current state, future challenges.
A rat model of enhanced glycation mimics cardiac phenotypic components of human type 2 diabetes : A translational study using MRI.
Unexpected effect of probiotics by Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis against colitis induced by dextran sulfate sodium in mice.
White Matter Lesion Severity is Associated with Intraventricular Hemorrhage in Spontaneous Intracerebral Hemorrhage.
Racial Disparity in the Prescription of Anticoagulants and Risk of Stroke and Bleeding in Atrial Fibrillation Patients.
Genetic testing for epithelial ovarian cancer.
Epidemiology, clinical features and diagnostic work-up of cystic neoplasms of the pancreas: Interim analysis of the prospective PANCY survey.
Non-invasive imaging of single human motor units.
Referral patterns and outcomes of a highly specialised pelvic exenteration multidisciplinary team meeting: A retrospective cohort study.
Potential benefits of the use of sympathomimetics for asthmatic disease, on semen quality in men of subfertile couples.
Impact of background factors on outcomes of pharmacological therapy for chronic low back pain: A nationwide multicenter prospective study.
Myocardial Function Following Repair of Anomalous Origin of Left Coronary Artery from the Pulmonary Artery in Children.
Diet is associated with ankle-brachial index, inflammation, and ambulation in patients with intermittent claudication.
Geospatial variation in measles vaccine coverage through routine and campaign strategies in Nigeria: Analysis of recent household surveys.
Health economic evaluation of implantable cardioverter defibrillators in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in adults.
Genitourinary disease risks among ovarian cancer survivors in a population-based cohort study.
[White matter hyper-intensities in ageing: Pathophysiology, associated cognitive disorders and prevention].
Clostridioides (Clostridium) difficile-associated disease: Epidemiology among patients in a general hospital in Saudi Arabia.
Helicobacter hepaticus infection-induced IL-33 promotes hepatic inflammation and fibrosis through ST2 signaling pathways in BALB/c mice.
High MMP14 expression is predictive of poor prognosis in resectable hepatocellular carcinoma.
An Integrated Infant and Young Child Feeding and Small-Quantity Lipid-based Nutrient Supplementation Program Is Associated with Improved Gross Motor and Communication Scores of Children 6-18 Months in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Rheumatoid Arthritis-Associated Interstitial Lung Disease.
Identifying a clinical decision tool to predict discharge disposition following operative treatment of hip fractures in the United States.
Natural inactivation of African swine fever virus in tissues: Influence of temperature and environmental conditions on virus survival.
Dynamics of the within-herd prevalence of Mycoplasma bovis intramammary infection in endemically infected dairy herds.
Efficacy of orally administered porcine epidemic diarrhea vaccine-loaded hydroxypropyl methylcellulose phthalate microspheres and RANKL-secreting L. lactis.
Disruption of the Burkholderia pseudomallei two-component signal transduction system BbeR-BbeS leads to increased extracellular DNA secretion and altered biofilm formation.
Heterogeneity of antimicrobial susceptibility testing results for sulfamethoxazole/trimethoprim obtained from clinical equine Staphylococcus aureus isolates using different methods.
The chemokines CCL2 and CXCL10 produced by bovine endometrial epithelial cells induce migration of bovine B lymphocytes, contributing to transuterine transmission of BLV infection.
Overview of spatio-temporal distribution inferred by multi-locus sequence typing of Taylorella equigenitalis isolated worldwide from 1977 to 2018 in equidae.
Yersinia enterocolitica-specific modulation of innate immune responses in jejunal epithelial cells.
Update on Glasser \' s disease: How to control the disease under restrictive use of antimicrobials.
Influence of pigeon interferon alpha (PiIFN-alpha) on pigeon circovirus (PiCV) replication and cytokine expression in Columba livia.
Marek \' s disease virus as a CRISPR/Cas9 delivery system to defend against avian leukosis virus infection in chickens.
Efficacy in pigs of a new inactivated vaccine combining porcine circovirus type 2 and Mycoplasma hyorhinis.
Establishment and characterization of the pig tonsil epithelial (PT) cell line as a new model for persist infection of Japanese Encephalitis Virus.
AAV-expressed G protein induces robust humoral and cellular immune response and provides durable protection from rabies virus challenges in mice.
Complete genome analysis of avian hepatitis E virus from chicken with hepatic rupture hemorrhage syndrome.
The association of Equine Parvovirus-Hepatitis (EqPV-H) with cases of non-biologic-associated Theiler \' s disease on a farm in Ontario, Canada.
Do porcine parvoviruses 1 through 7 (PPV1-PPV7) have an impact on porcine circovirus type 2 (PCV2) viremia in pigs?
Pathogenicity of a variant duck orthoreovirus strain in Cherry Valley Ducklings.
The Impact of Food Insecurity on Child Health.
Tracing bone marrow-derived microglia in brain metastatic tumors.
Genetic modification of oncolytic viruses to enhance antitumor immunity.
Pathogenesis and post-infectious complications in giardiasis.
Transcriptomic and proteomic analyses of Giardia intestinalis: Intestinal epithelial cell interactions.
Tryptophan in health and disease.
Long noncoding RNAs in cancer: From discovery to therapeutic targets.
Advances in diagnostic microfluidics.
An active heteropolysaccharide from the rinds of Garcinia mangostana Linn.: Structural characterization and immunomodulation activity evaluation.
Interventions to reduce the risk of surgically transmitted Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a cost-effective modelling review.
Incidence of depression and its influencing factors in 387 patients with asthma from Xinjiang, China.
Association of serum 25-OH vitamin D3 with serum IgE and the Pediatric Asthma Severity Score in patients with pediatric asthma.
Prevalence and management of aspirin hypersensitivity in a cardiology practice.
Loss of awareness after continuous apomorphine infusion withdrawal in Parkinson \' s disease.
Identification of COVID-19 Can be Quicker through Artificial Intelligence framework using a Mobile Phone-Based Survey in the Populations when Cities/Towns Are Under Quarantine.
Brain white matter lesions and presumed Crohn \' s disease: did you consider MNGIE?
The use of modified Silastic nasal splints as frontal sinus stents: a technical note.
Use of the KTP laser in totally endoscopic cholesteatoma surgery.
Prevalence, risk factors, phenotypic and molecular characteristics for Staphylococcus aureus carriage in community-based drug users in Guangzhou, China.
Investigating psychometric properties of the Thai version of the Zarit Burden Interview using rasch model and confirmatory factor analysis.
Modelling the impact of MAUP on environmental drivers for Schistosoma japonicum prevalence.
The clinical promise of biomarkers of synapse damage or loss in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Optimal radiotherapy for patients with internal mammary lymph node metastasis from breast cancer.
Metagenomic analysis reveals the microbiome and resistome in migratory birds.
Comparing self-reported medication adherence measures with hair antiretroviral concentration among people living with HIV in Guangxi, China.
High-resolution MRI of flexor tendon pulleys using a 16-channel hand coil: disease detection and differentiation of psoriatic and rheumatoid arthritis.
Intra-articular delivery of extracellular vesicles secreted by chondrogenic progenitor cells from MRL/MpJ superhealer mice enhances articular cartilage repair in a mouse injury model.
Comprehensive analysis of differential immunocyte infiltration and the potential ceRNA networks during epicardial adipose tissue development in congenital heart disease.
Vascular wall injury and inflammation are key pathogenic mechanisms responsible for early testicular degeneration during acute besnoitiosis in bulls.
Costs and economic evaluations of Quality Improvement Collaboratives in healthcare: a systematic review.
Walking and weakness in children: a narrative review of gait and functional ambulation in paediatric neuromuscular disease.
PARP inhibitors in pancreatic cancer: molecular mechanisms and clinical applications.
Gender differences in hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia severity.
Utilizing minimally purified secreted rAAV for rapid and cost-effective manipulation of gene expression in the CNS.
Parkinson \' s disease with early motor complications: predicting EQ-5D- 3L utilities from PDQ-39 data in the EARLYSTIM trial.
Impacts of food contact chemicals on human health: a consensus statement.
Identification of a rare SEPT9 variant in a family with autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
Functional somatic disorders: discussion paper for a new common classification for research and clinical use.
The efficacy of recombinant human soluble thrombomodulin (rhsTM) treatment for acute exacerbation of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effects of simultaneous cognitive and aerobic exercise training on dual-task walking performance in healthy older adults: results from a pilot randomized controlled trial.
Homozygous NOTCH3 p.R587C mutation in Chinese patients with CADASIL: a case report.
Comprehensive proteomics investigation of P. vivax-infected human plasma and parasite isolates.
Neutrophil activation and neutrophil derived neutrophil extracellular trap formation in patients with coronary artery ectasia.
Genome-wide discovery, and computational and transcriptional characterization of an AIG gene family in the freshwater snail Biomphalaria glabrata, a vector for Schistosoma mansoni.
A Spectrum of Topics for 2019: Advances in Neuroinflammation, Oxidative Stress, Obesity, Diabetes Mellitus, Cardiovascular Disease, Autism, Exosomes, and Central Nervous System Diseases.
Statin effects on post-stroke epilepsy and mortality - Taiwan population-based study.
The determinants of neurological phenotypes during acute hypertensive crises - a preliminary study.
Unraveling mechanisms of patient-specific NRXN1 mutations in neuropsychiatric diseases using human induced Pluripotent Stem cells.
Targeting Integrins with Radiolabeled RGD Analogs for Radiotheranostics of Metastatic Radioactive Iodine Non-Responsive Thyroid Cancer - New Avenues in Personalized Medicine.
Risks and contraindications of medical compression treatment - A critical reappraisal. An international consensus statement.
Donor selection in HLA-mismatched hematopoietic Stem Cell Micro-transplantation for Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Targeting Treatment Refractory NET by EZH2 Inhibition in Postural Tachycardia Syndrome.
Back to the drawing board? Effects of high-dose vitamin D supplementation in Graves \'  disease on muscle strength, lean mass gain, and quality of life.
Efficacy and cognitive effect of sarcosine (N-methylglycine) in patients with schizophrenia: A systematic review and meta-analysis of double-blind randomised controlled trials.
Surgical Treatment and Outcomes for Sinonasal and Skull Base Phosphaturic Mesenchymal Tumors.
Cognitive and Quality of Life-Related Burdens of Illness in Pediatric Allergic Airway Disease.
ncRPheno: a comprehensive database platform for identification and validation of disease related noncoding RNAs.
Cochlear Implant Performance in Adult Patients with Absent Intraoperative Electrically Evoked Compound Action Potentials.
The presence of IFL3/4 rs12979860 C allele influences the in vitro IP-10 production by mononuclear cells from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Development of a checklist for the detection of degenerative joint disease-associated pain in cats.
Global, Regional, and National Levels and Trends in Burden of Oral Conditions from 1990 to 2017: A Systematic Analysis for the Global Burden of Disease 2017 Study.
Complex Systems Model of Dynamic Mechanisms of Early Childhood Caries Development.
Ferulic acid alleviates atopic dermatitis-like symptoms in mice via its potent anti-inflammatory effect.
Reply to Comment on  \' An elderly patient with Alzheimer \' s disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus and traumatic brain injury: Presented with behavioral symptoms similar to behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia?
Autophagy-deficiency in bone marrow mononuclear cells from patients with myasthenia gravis: A possible mechanism of pathogenesis.
Underperformance of clinical risk scores in identifying vascular ultrasound-based high cardiovascular risk in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Obesity, overweight and risk for cardiovascular disease and mortality in young women.
Increased awareness, inadequate treatment, and poor control of cardiovascular risk factors in American young adults: 2005-2016.
Locking and loading the bullet against micro-calcification.
Association of adherence to antiretroviral therapy with economic burden of cardiovascular disease in HIV-infected population.
How to remedy the heterogeneity of exercise prescription for cardiovascular disease patients.
One step behind - although incidence decreases, mortality in patients with lower-extremity arterial disease (LEAD) lags behind cardiovascular disease.
The role of programed death-ligand 1 in renal diseases.
Factors influencing individuals \'  take-up of tax-subsidized private health insurance: A cross-sectional study in China.
Radical radiotherapy for prostate cancer: patterns of care in Sweden 1998-2016.
Reply to Discussion of "Establishing modified Canadian Aerobic Fitness Test (mCAFT) cut-points to detect clustered cardiometabolic risk among Canadian children and youth aged 9 to 17 years" - The need for foundational fitness research in Canada: is there room for innovation?
The significance of pigment epithelial detachment in central serous chorioretinopathy.
Integrin beta1D Deficiency-Mediated RyR2 Dysfunction Contributes to Catecholamine-Sensitive Ventricular Tachycardia in ARVC.
The Impact of Health Narratives on Persuasion in African American Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Does Exposure to the Choose Water Campaign Increase Parental Intentions to Promote More Water and Less Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Consumption?
Integration of Mixed Methods in Community-Based Participatory Research: Development of a Disease Prevention Intervention for Ultra-Orthodox Jewish Women.
Pediatric empyema thoracis: roles and outcomes of surgery in advanced disease.
Retrograde enteroclysis by double balloon enteroscopy in a patient with blunt abdominal trauma: small bowel stricture, intraluminal vascular lesion and Crohn \' s disease.
Use of nuclear medicine methods in surgical treatment of lumbar spine degeneration.
High-resolution Manometry Determinants of Refractoriness of Reflux Symptoms to Proton Pump Inhibitor Therapy.
BMD42-2910, a Novel Benzoxazole Derivative, Shows a Potent Anti-prion Activity and Prolongs the Mean Survival in an Animal Model of Prion Disease.
Enhanced Bidirectional Connectivity of the Subthalamo-pallidal Pathway in 6-OHDA-mouse Model of Parkinson \' s Disease Revealed by Probabilistic Tractography of Diffusion-weighted MRI at 9.4T.
In-situ DNA hybridization detection based on a reflective microfiber probe.
Ocular Manifestations in Patients with Philadelphia-Negative Myeloproliferative Neoplasms.
Inhibitory Effects of a Reengineered Anthrax Toxin on Canine Oral Mucosal Melanomas.
Heterogeneity of Circulating Tumor Cells in Breast Cancer: Identifying Metastatic Seeds.
Patients \'  Self-Reported Disability Weights of Top-Ranking Diseases in Thailand: Do They Differ by Socio-Demographic and Illness Characteristics?
From Medical Imaging to Radiomics: Role of Data Science for Advancing Precision Health.
Does the Experience of Caring for a Severely Disabled Relative Impact Advance Care Planning? A Qualitative Study of Caregivers of Disabled Patients.
A Streptomyces sp. NEAU-HV9: Isolation, Identification, and Potential as a Biocontrol Agent against Ralstonia Solanacearum of Tomato Plants.
New Antimicrobial Phenyl Alkenoic Acids Isolated from an Oil Palm Rhizosphere-Associated Actinomycete, Streptomyces palmae CMU-AB204T.
Molecular and Lifestyle Factors Modulating Obesity Disease.
The Potential of Computational Modeling to Predict Disease Course and Treatment Response in Patients with Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis.
Citrus Peel Extract Ameliorates High-Fat Diet-Induced NAFLD via Activation of AMPK Signaling.
MiR155-5p Inhibits Cell Migration and Oxidative Stress in Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells of Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats.
JP2 Genotype of Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans in Caucasian Patients: A Presentation of Two Cases.
Remote Ischemic Preconditioning induces Cardioprotective Autophagy and Signals through the IL-6-Dependent JAK-STAT Pathway.
Efficacy and Safety of Biologics for Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis and Their Impact on Comorbidities: A Literature Review.
Impact of ANCA-Associated Vasculitis on Outcomes of Hospitalizations for Goodpasture \' s Syndrome in the United States: Nationwide Inpatient Sample 2003-2014.
Upscaling the Surveillance of Tick-borne Pathogens in the French Caribbean Islands.
Novel Mathematical Model of Breast Cancer Diagnostics Using an Associative Pattern Classification.
Pathogenic PSEN1 Glu184Gly Mutation in a Family from Thailand with Probable Autosomal Dominant Early Onset Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Macrophage HIV-1 Gene Expression and Delay Resolution of Inflammation in HIV-Tg Mice.
Genotypic Variation in Resistance Gene-Mediated Calcium Signaling and Hormonal Signaling Involved in Effector-Triggered Immunity or Disease Susceptibility in the Xanthomonas campestris pv. Campestris-Brassica napus Pathosystem.
Mucoadhesive Budesonide Formulation for the Treatment of Eosinophilic Esophagitis.
Morbidity Rates in an Area with High Livestock Density: A Registry-Based Study Including Different Groups of Patients with Respiratory Health Problems.
Prospective Evaluation of Cardiovascular, Cardiorespiratory, and Metabolic Risk of German Office Workers in Comparison to International Data.
Eco-Virological Preliminary Study of Potentially Emerging Pathogens in Hedgehogs (Erinaceus europaeus) Recovered at a Wildlife Treatment and Rehabilitation Center in Northern Italy.
History, Rats, Fleas, and Opossums: The Ascendency of Flea-Borne Typhus in the United States, 1910-1944.
Signaling Pathways and Key Genes Involved in Regulation of foam Cell Formation in Atherosclerosis.
Brugada Syndrome: Oligogenic or Mendelian Disease?
Characteristics of Seasonal Influenza Virus Activity in a Subtropical City in China, 2013-2019.
Examining the Effect of Host Recruitment Rates on the Transmission of Streptococcus suis in Nursery Swine Populations.
Use of Insecticides in Agriculture and the Prevention of Vector-Borne Diseases: Population Knowledge, Attitudes, Practices and Beliefs in Elibou, South Cote d \' Ivoire.
The Effects of Weather on the Flight of an Invasive Bark Beetle, Pityophthorus juglandis.
Risk Modeling of Bat Rabies in the Caribbean Islands.
Pollutants and Their Interaction with Diseases of Social Hymenoptera.
Clinical Presentation and Serologic Response during a Rabies Epizootic in Captive Common Vampire Bats (Desmodus rotundus).
Rhizophagus irregularis and Rhizoctonia solani Differentially Elicit Systemic Transcriptional Expression of Polyphenol Biosynthetic Pathways Genes in Sunflower.
Invasive Assessment of the Myocardial Microcirculation during Beating Heart Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting.
Current and Future Aspects of Multimodal Imaging, Diagnostic, and Treatment Strategies in Bicuspid Aortic Valve and Associated Aortopathies.
Use of a Pleurotus ostreatus Complex Cell Wall Extract as Elicitor of Plant Defenses: From Greenhouse to Field Trial.
Peptides from Natural or Rationally Designed Sources Can Be Used in Overweight, Obesity, and Type 2 Diabetes Therapies.
Noninvasive Biological Samples to Detect and Diagnose Infections due to Trypanosomatidae Parasites: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Spatial and Pregnancy-Related Changes in the Protein, Amino Acid, and Carbohydrate Composition of Bovine Oviduct Fluid.
Parkinson \' s Disease in Louisiana, 1999-2012: Based on Hospital Primary Discharge Diagnoses, Incidence, and Risk in Relation to Local Agricultural Crops, Pesticides, and Aquifer Recharge.
Endometriosis in Menopause-Renewed Attention on a Controversial Disease.
Immunotherapy against Systemic Fungal Infections Based on Monoclonal Antibodies.
Viromics on Honey-Baited FTA Cards as a New Tool for the Detection of Circulating Viruses in Mosquitoes.
Antivirals against Chikungunya Virus: Is the Solution in Nature?
Longitudinal Patterns of Social Problem-Solving Skills in an Ethnically Diverse Sample of Pediatric Patients with Cancer and their Caregivers.
Association between the Use of Dipeptidyl Peptidase 4 Inhibitors and the Risk of Dementia among Patients with Type 2 Diabetes in Taiwan.
Reliability and Validity of the Short-Form 12 Item Version 2 (SF-12v2) Health-Related Quality of Life Survey and Disutilities Associated with Relevant Conditions in the U.S. Older Adult Population.
Implications of Hemostasis Disorders in Patients with Critical Limb Ischemia-An In-Depth Comparison of Selected Factors.
Systematic Review of Patient-Reported Outcomes following Surgical Treatment of Lymphedema.
The Determination of Immunomodulation and Its Impact on Survival of Rectal Cancer Patients Depends on the Area Comprising a Tissue Microarray.
Strategies for Neuroprotection in Multiple Sclerosis and the Role of Calcium.
Contributions of DNA Damage to Alzheimer \' s Disease.
An Overview of Crucial Dietary Substances and Their Modes of Action for Prevention of Neurodegenerative Diseases.
DROSHA-Dependent miRNA and AIM2 Inflammasome Activation in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors in Esophageal Cancers: are we Finally Finding the Right Path in the Mist?
Comparative Analysis of miRNA Expression Profiles Between Heat-Tolerant and Heat-Sensitive Genotypes of Flowering Chinese Cabbage Under Heat Stress Using High-Throughput Sequencing.
Comparing the Climatic and Landscape Risk Factors for Lyme Disease Cases in the Upper Midwest and Northeast United States.
Broad Protection of Pigs against Heterologous PRRSV Strains by a GP5-Mosaic DNA Vaccine Prime/GP5-Mosaic rVaccinia (VACV) Vaccine Boost.
Reclassifying Hepatic Cell Death during Liver Damage: Ferroptosis-A Novel Form of Non-Apoptotic Cell Death?
Sensor-Integrated Microfluidic Approaches for Liquid Biopsies Applications in Early Detection of Cancer.
Depletion of CD4 and CD8 Positive T Cells Impairs Venous Thrombus Resolution in Mice.
Osteoporosis and the Potential of Cell-Based Therapeutic Strategies.
Evaluation of Remotely Sensed and Interpolated Environmental Datasets for Vector-Borne Disease Monitoring Using In Situ Observations Over the Amhara Region, Ethiopia.
What Are the Molecular Mechanisms by Which Functional Bacterial Amyloids Influence Amyloid Beta Deposition and Neuroinflammation in Neurodegenerative Disorders?
Renal Sympathetic Nerve-Derived Signaling in Acute and Chronic kidney Diseases.
Tuberculosis among Health Workers-A Secondary Data Analysis of German Social Accident Insurance Data from 2002-2017.
Effects of Caloric Intake and Aerobic Activity in Individuals with Prehypertension and Hypertension on Levels of Inflammatory, Adhesion and Prothrombotic Biomarkers-Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Estrogen-Related Receptor Alpha: An Under-Appreciated Potential Target for the Treatment of Metabolic Diseases.
Oral Microbes and Mucosal Dendritic Cells, "Spark and Flame" of Local and Distant Inflammatory Diseases.
Transcriptional and Metabolomic Analysis of L-Arginine/Nitric Oxide Pathway in Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Its Association with Local Inflammatory and Angiogenic Response: Preliminary Findings.
Chronodisruption: A Poorly Recognized Feature of CKD.
The Associations of Dietary Iron, Zinc and Magnesium with Metabolic Syndrome in China \' s Mega Cities.
Triterpene Acids of Loquat Leaf Improve Inflammation in Cigarette Smoking Induced COPD by Regulating AMPK/Nrf2 and NFkappaB Pathways.
Urine-Derived Stem Cells: Applications in Regenerative and Predictive Medicine.
Indoor Microbiome: Quantification of Exposure and Association with Geographical Location, Meteorological Factors, and Land Use in France.
Nutrition, Choice and Health-Related Claims.
Kidney-Detrimental Factors and Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate in Preterm Newborns: The Role of Nutrition.
The Modelled Population Obesity-Related Health Benefits of Reducing Consumption of Discretionary Foods in Australia.
The Effects of Dog Walking on Gait and Mobility in People with Parkinson Disease: A Pilot Study.
A Method for the Prediction of Clinical Outcome Using Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging: Application on Parkinson \' s Disease.
Do Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases (COPD) Self-Management Interventions Consider Health Literacy and Patient Activation? A Systematic Review.
Multivariate Analysis of Influence of Vitamin Intake on Vascular Function Parameters by Sex in the General Spanish Population: EVA Study.
The Role of Secretory Activity Molecules of Visceral Adipocytes in Abdominal Obesity in the Development of Cardiovascular Disease: A Review.
Exploring the Mental Model of Cattle Farmers in Disease Prevention and Control Practices.
Specialized Management of Oral Anticoagulation Therapy Improves Outcome in Patients with Chronic Renal Insufficiency.
Novel Aspects on The Interaction Between Grapevine and Plasmopara viticola: Dual-RNA-Seq Analysis Highlights Gene Expression Dynamics in The Pathogen and The Plant During The Battle For Infection.
Virological and Clinical Outcome of DAA Containing Regimens in a Cohort of Patients in Calabria Region (Southern Italy).
Cannabidiol Effects on Phospholipid Metabolism in Keratinocytes from Patients with Psoriasis Vulgaris.
Cognitive Abilities of Dogs with Mucopolysaccharidosis I: Learning and Memory.
Neuronal and Astrocytic Differentiation from Sanfilippo C Syndrome iPSCs for Disease Modeling and Drug Development.
Acquisition of Avian-Origin PB1 Facilitates Viral RNA Synthesis by the 2009 Pandemic H1N1 Virus Polymerase.
Motor Neuron Generation from iPSCs from Identical Twins Discordant for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Development of Fractalkine-Targeted Nanofibers that Localize to Sites of Arterial Injury.
Mitochondrial Structure and Function in the Metabolic Myopathy Accompanying Patients with Critical Limb Ischemia.
Serum Zinc Level Grading System: A Useful Model for Composite Hepatic Events in Hepatitis C Virus-Associated Liver Cirrhosis.
Deciphering the Virome of Culex vishnui Subgroup Mosquitoes, the Major Vectors of Japanese Encephalitis, in Japan.
Human IgA Monoclonal Antibodies That Neutralize Poliovirus, Produced by Hybridomas and Recombinant Expression.
Adenovirus-vectored African Swine Fever Virus Antigens Cocktail Is Not Protective against Virulent Arm07 Isolate in Eurasian Wild Boar.
Pathogenicity and Genetic Characterization of Vietnamese Classical Swine Fever Virus: 2014-2018.
No Experimental Evidence of Co-Feeding Transmission of African Swine Fever Virus between Ornithodoros Soft Ticks.
The Carrier Conundrum; A Review of Recent Advances and Persistent Gaps Regarding the Carrier State of Foot-and-Mouth Disease Virus.
Relationship between Heart Disease and Liver Disease: A Two-Way Street.
Management Recommendations for Merkel Cell Carcinoma-A Danish Perspective.
Liver Bioreactor Design Issues of Fluid Flow and Zonation, Fibrosis, and Mechanics: A Computational Perspective.
Does DNA Methylation Matter in FSHD?
Markov State Modelling of Disease Courses and Mortality Risks of Patients with Community-Acquired Pneumonia.
Urine E-cadherin: A Marker for Early Detection of Kidney Injury in Diabetic Patients.
Performance Analysis of Anaplasma Antibody Competitive ELISA Using the ROC Curve for Screening of Anaplasmosis in Camel Populations in Egypt.
Hypovitaminosis D and Aging: Is There a Role in Muscle and Brain Health?
Alternatively Constructed Estrogen Receptor Alpha-Driven Super-Enhancers Result in Similar Gene Expression in Breast and Endometrial Cell Lines.
Probiotic Bacillus Spores Protect Against Acetaminophen Induced Acute Liver Injury in Rats.
Is There a Future for PPARs in the Treatment of Neuropsychiatric Disorders?
Lactobacillus Rhamnosus GG Affects the BDNF System in Brain Samples of Wistar Rats with Pepsin-Trypsin-Digested Gliadin (PTG)-Induced Enteropathy.
History of DNA Helicases.
Essential Oils and Mono/bi/tri-Metallic Nanocomposites as Alternative Sources of Antimicrobial Agents to Combat Multidrug-Resistant Pathogenic Microorganisms: An Overview.
A Capped Peptide of the Aggregation Prone NAC 71-82 Amino Acid Stretch of alpha-Synuclein Folds into Soluble beta-Sheet Oligomers at Low and Elevated Peptide Concentrations.
The Impact of Shift-Work and Night Shift-Work on Thyroid: A Systematic Review.
Environmental Factors and Kawasaki Disease Onset in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
Epidemiological Identification of A Novel Pathogen in Real Time: Analysis of the Atypical Pneumonia Outbreak in Wuhan, China, 2019-2020.
Physical, Psychological, and Social Factors Associated with Exacerbation-Related Hospitalization in Patients with COPD.
Gla-Rich Protein (GRP) as an Early and Novel Marker of Vascular Calcification and Kidney Dysfunction in Diabetic Patients with CKD: A Pilot Cross-Sectional Study.
Exposure to CuO Nanoparticles Mediates NFkappaB Activation and Enhances Amyloid Precursor Protein Expression.
Functional Outcome at Short and Middle Term of the Extracorporeal Shockwave Therapy Treatment in Lateral Epicondylitis: A Case-Series Study.
The Association between Health Insurance and All-Cause, Cardiovascular Disease, Cancer and Cause-Specific Mortality: A Prospective Cohort Study.
RNA-Sequencing Analyses of Small Bacterial RNAs and their Emergence as Virulence Factors in Host-Pathogen Interactions.
Metabolic and Redox Signaling of the Nucleoredoxin-Like-1 Gene for the Treatment of Genetic Retinal Diseases.
Automatic, Qualitative Scoring of the Interlocking Pentagon Drawing Test (PDT) based on U-Net and Mobile Sensor Data.
Short-term Effect of Air Pollution on Tuberculosis Based on Kriged Data: A Time-series Analysis.
Characterization of Two Neutralizing Antibodies against Rift Valley Fever Virus Gn Protein.
Evaluation of the 8th Edition TNM Classification for Anaplastic Thyroid Carcinoma.
Improved Dried Blood Spot-Based Metabolomics: A Targeted, Broad-Spectrum, Single-Injection Method.
Inhibition of Virus-Induced Cytokine Production from Airway Epithelial Cells by the Late Addition of Budesonide.
Biogenic Gold Nanoparticles as Potent Antibacterial and Antibiofilm Nano-Antibiotics against Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
In Vitro Generation of Oocyte Like Cells and Their In Vivo Efficacy: How Far We have been Succeeded.
No Influence of Overweight/Obesity on Exercise Lipid Oxidation: A Systematic Review.
Evaluation of the Genotoxic and Oxidative Damage Potential of Silver Nanoparticles in Human NCM460 and HCT116 Cells.
A novel Approach for Non-Invasive Lung Imaging and Targeting Lung Immune Cells.
Integration of Rap1 and Calcium Signaling.
Association of Cholecystectomy with the Risk of Prostate Cancer in Patients with Gallstones.
Precision Medicine Tumor Boards: Clinical Applicability of Personalized Treatment Concepts in Ovarian Cancer.
The Effect of Cholecystectomy on the Risk of Colorectal Cancer in Patients with Gallbladder Stones.
Protein Kinase C Isozymes and Autophagy during Neurodegenerative Disease Progression.
Association of Serum Uric acid and Gamma-glutamyltransferase with Obesity Related Metabolic Derangements in a Cohort of Children with Obesity in Sri Lanka
[Clinical characteristics and outcomes of 112 cardiovascular disease patients infected by 2019-nCoV].
Comparative Analysis of Surgical Outcomes of C1-2 Fusion Spine Surgery between Intraoperative Computed Tomography Image Based Navigation-Guided Operation and Fluoroscopy-Guided Operation.
External Stents for Vein Grafts in Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting: Targeting Intimal Hyperplasia.
[Thoracic Central Venous Occlusive Disease and Haemodialysis Access].
[Nutrition in Cancer: Effective in Prevention and Treatment?]
[Mutation-Dependent Mechanisms and Their Impact on Targeted Therapeutic Strategies with Reference to Bestrophin 1 and the Bestrophinopathies].
Risk of neoplastic change in large gastric hyperplastic polyps and recurrence after endoscopic resection.
[Comorbidity of hypoglycaemia anxiety and panic disorder in a patient with type-1 diabetes - Combined treatment with cognitive-behavioral therapy and Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) in a psychosomatic day-treatment center].
[Autoimmune mediated cholestatic liver diseases].
[Gallstone disease - interdisciplinary treatment].
Lipodystrophic Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Induced by Immune Checkpoint Blockade.
Utility of volatile organic compounds as a diagnostic tool in preterm infants.
Evaluation of inflammatory bowel disease activity in children using serum trefoil factor peptide.
Molecular diagnosis methods in familial hypercholesterolemia.
Prevalence and clinical profile of patients with myocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries in Turkey (MINOCA-TR): A national multi-center, observational study.
The expression of interleukin-25 increases in human coronary artery disease and is associated with the severity of coronary stenosis.
New perspectives by imaging modalities for an old illness: Rheumatic mitral stenosis.
Implementation of quality controls is essential to prevent batch effects in breathomics data and allow for cross-study comparisons.
The PGC-1alpha/NRF1/miR-378a axis protects vascular smooth muscle cells from FFA-induced proliferation, migration and inflammation in atherosclerosis.
IL-27 impact on NK cells activity: Implication for a robust anti-tumor response in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Essential characterisation of human papillomavirus positive head and neck cancer cell lines.
Shallow whole genome sequencing of adenoid cystic carcinomas of the salivary glands identifies specific chromosomal aberrations related to tumor progression.
The pyrin inflammasome in host-microbe interactions.
Sequential delivery of nanoformulated alpha-mangostin and triptolide overcomes permeation obstacles and improves therapeutic effects in pancreatic cancer.
Asymptomatic novel coronavirus pneumonia patient outside Wuhan: The value of CT images in the course of the disease.
Increased main pulmonary artery diameter and main pulmonary artery to ascending aortic diameter ratio in smokers undergoing lung cancer screening.
Gaucher disease status and treatment assessment: pilot study using magnetic resonance spectroscopy bone marrow fat fractions in pediatric patients.
Morphometric in vivo evidence of thalamic atrophy correlated with cognitive and motor dysfunction in Huntington \' s disease: The IMAGE-HD study.
Motor effects of deep brain stimulation correlate with increased functional connectivity in Parkinson \' s disease: An MEG study.
The role of limbic structures in financial abilities of mild cognitive impairment patients.
Hydatid disease of proximal femur treated using a mega prosthesis: A case report.
PICC-PORT: Valid indication to placement in patient with results of extensive skin burns of the neck and chest in oncology. The first case in the scientific literature.
Exposures and urinary biomonitoring of aliphatic isocyanates in construction metal structure coating.
Decreased striatal vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) expression in a type 1 diabetic rat model: A longitudinal study using micro-PET/CT.
Auditory evoked potentials might have the potential to serve as early indicators related to amyloid beta peptide toxicity.
Severe symptoms persist for Up to one year after diagnosis of stage I-III lung cancer: An analysis of province-wide patient reported outcomes.
A trio has turned into a quartet: DJ-1 interacts with the IP3R-Grp75-VDAC complex to control ER-mitochondria interaction.
Serum complement C1q level is associated with acute coronary syndrome.
Association between heart-focused anxiety, depressive symptoms, health behaviors and healthcare utilization in patients with coronary heart disease.
Prevalence and molecular characterization of Babesia in pet dogs in Shenzhen, China.
Maternal and paternal preconception exposure to phenols and preterm birth.
Metastases to the central nervous system: Molecular basis and clinical considerations.
Response of bacterial regrowth, abundant and rare bacteria and potential pathogens to secondary chlorination in secondary water supply system.
alpha-Synuclein Translocates to the Nucleus to Activate Retinoic-Acid-Dependent Gene Transcription.
Investigation of a foodborne outbreak of Shigella sonnei in Ireland and Northern Ireland, December 2016: the benefits of cross-border collaboration and commercial sales data.
Functional near-infrared spectroscopy reveals decreased resting oxygenation levels and task-related oxygenation changes in mild cognitive impairment and dementia: A systematic review.
Mechanisms of action of currently used antiseizure drugs.
An undescribed species of Sarcocystis associated with necrotizing meningoencephalitis in naturally infected backyard chickens in the Midwest of Brazil.
Regulatory T cell expansion resolves after effective strongyloidiasis treatment in subjects with HTLV-1 co-infection.
Treatment of hepatitis D, an unmet medical need.
Risk factors for chronic biofilm-related infection associated with implanted medical devices.
Incorrect diagnoses in patients with neutralizing anti-interferon-gamma-autoantibodies.
Updated emm-typing protocol for Streptococcus pyogenes.
Impact of time to antibiotic therapy on clinical outcome in patients with bacterial infections in the emergency department: implications for antimicrobial stewardship.
Interventions for rapid recognition and treatment of sepsis in the emergency department - A narrative review.
Rebound after discontinuation of teriflunomide in patients with multiple sclerosis: 2 case reports.
MANF delivery improves retinal homeostasis and cell replacement therapies in ageing mice.
"Removal of nitrate and nitrite by hemodialysis in end-stage renal disease and by sustained low-efficiency dialysis in acute kidney injury".
Genome sequence of a multidrug-resistant Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae ZJ carrying several acquired resistance genes.
Pan-HDAC inhibitor panobinostat, as a single agent or in combination with PI3K inhibitor, induces apoptosis in APL cells: an emerging approach to overcome MSC-induced resistance.
Is the Africa prepared for tackling the COVID-19 (SARS-CoV-2) epidemic? - lessons from past outbreaks, ongoing pan-African public health efforts, and implications for the future.
Advancing New diagnostic tests for Latent TB infection due multi-drug resistant strains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis - End of the road?
Characterization and preclinical evaluation of the cGMP grade DNA based vaccine, AV-1959D to enter the first-in-human clinical trials.
Effect of the dr. Bart application on healthcare use and clinical outcomes in people with osteoarthritis of the knee and/or hip in the Netherlands; a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Liraglutide Regulates Bone Destruction and Exhibits Anti-inflammatory Effects in Periodontitis In vitro and In vivo.
Right fronto-parietal white matter disruption contributes to speech impairments in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Mangiferin exert cardioprotective and anti-apoptotic effects in heart failure induced rats.
Anti-HCV, nucleotide inhibitors, repurposing against COVID-19.
lncRNA PCAT18 inhibits proliferation, migration and invasion of gastric cancer cells through miR-135b suppression to promote CLDN11 expression.
A staining method for detection of Enterocytozoon hepatopenaei (EHP) spores with calcofluor white.
A peptide inhibitor of macrophage migration in atherosclerosis purified from the leech Whitmania pigra.
Association of IL-16 gene polymorphisms with sporadic Parkinson \' s disease in a Han Chinese population.
Endoscopic variceal ligation as primary prophylaxis for upper GI bleeding in children.
Thiol-mediated and catecholamine-enhanced multimerization of a cerebrovascular disease enriched fragment of NOTCH3.
Validation and Comparison of Tools for Selecting Individuals to Screen for Barrett \' s Esophagus and Early Neoplasia.
An in vitro hyaluronic acid hydrogel based platform to model dormancy in brain metastatic breast cancer cells.
Phosphodiesterases PDE2A and PDE10A both change mRNA expression in the human brain with age, but only PDE2A changes in a region-specific manner with psychiatric disease.
Molecular mechanisms underlying milk production and viviparity in the cockroach, Diploptera punctata.
Adolescent Dietary Manipulations Differentially Affect Gut Microbiota Composition and Amygdala Neuroimmune Gene Expression in Male Mice in Adulthood.
Experiences of racial discrimination and cardiometabolic risk among Australian children.
Mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum and innate immune dysfunction in mood disorders: Do mitochondria-associated membranes (MAMs) play a role?
Editorial: Hormone release patterns in mammals.
Joint Aad-Npf Guidelines Of Care For The Management Of Psoriasis With Systemic Non-Biological Therapies.
Genetic causes of PD: A pathway to disease modification.
Novel coronavirus disease (Covid-19): the first two patients in the UK with person to person transmission.
Patho-mechanism Heterogeneity in the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and Frontotemporal Dementia Disease Spectrum: Providing Focus through the Lens of Autophagy.
Who May Benefit from Diuretics in OSA? A Propensity Score-Match Observational Study.
Staging of Surgeries in Co-morbid Congenital Tracheal Stenosis and Congenital Cardiovascular Disease.
Equivalent survival between lobectomy and segmentectomy for clinical stage IA lung cancer.
Interannular bridge: a novel approach to address congenital mitral regurgitation.
Glycopeptide variable window SWATH for improved Data Independent Acquisition glycoprotein analysis.
The frontiers of addressing antibiotic resistance in Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
Predictive value of insulin-like growth factor 1-Child-Turcotte-Pugh score for mortality in patients with decompensated cirrhosis.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Risk of Future Cardiovascular Disease in Women.
Swimming Against the Current: MAIT Cell Function Is Preserved in the Peritoneum of Advanced Liver Disease Patients.
Feasibility of controlling COVID-19 outbreaks by isolation of cases and contacts.
Multichannel intraluminal impedance-pH and psychometric properties in gastroesophageal reflux: systematic review.
Protective Effects of Radish Extract Against Neurotoxicity in Mice and PC12 Cells.
Biochemical, Anthropometric, and Physiological Responses to Carbohydrate-Restricted Diets Versus a Low-Fat Diet in Obese Adults: A Randomized Crossover Trial.
High-Risk Atherosclerosis and Metabolic Phenotype: The Roles of Ectopic Adiposity, Atherogenic Dyslipidemia, and Inflammation.
Protective Effect of Andrographolide on Alleviating Chronic Alcoholic Liver Disease in Mice by Inhibiting Nuclear Factor Kappa B and Tumor Necrosis Factor Alpha Activation.
Possible determinants of long-term adherence to physical activity in multiple sclerosis-theory-based development of a comprehensive questionnaire and results from a German survey study.
Cancer risk and chemoprevention in Chinese inflammatory bowel disease patients: a population-based cohort study.
Swine Disease Models for Optimal Vascular Engineering.
SARI prevents ocular angiogenesis and inflammation in mice.
Association between arterial hypertension and depressive symptoms: Results from population-based surveys in Peru.
Chronic kidney disease increases the risk of hip fracture: a prospective cohort study in Korean adults.
Interleukin-37b inhibits the growth of murine endometriosis-like lesions by regulating proliferation, invasion, angiogenesis and inflammation.
One-Carbon Metabolism in Fatty Liver Disease and Fibrosis: One-Carbon to Rule Them All.
Whole-Fat or Reduced-Fat Dairy Product Intake, Adiposity, and Cardiometabolic Health in Children: A Systematic Review.
[Sublicinal depression: an overlooked problem].
Ageing-related changes in the levels of beta-catenin, CacyBP/SIP, galectin-3 and immunoproteasome subunit LMP7 in the heart of men.
African green monkeys avoid SIV disease progression by preventing intestinal dysfunction and maintaining mucosal barrier integrity.
Prevalence of inclusion body disease and associated comorbidity in captive collections of boid and pythonid snakes in Belgium.
Angiotensin II promotes podocyte injury by activating Arf6-Erk1/2-Nox4 signaling pathway.
Annualized hospitalization rate with natalizumab vs fingolimod in second-line treatment for RRMS in the public healthcare system in Brazil: A claim database approach.
Apolipoprotein E regulates the maturation of injury-induced adult-born hippocampal neurons following traumatic brain injury.
Changes in disease burden in Poland between 1990-2017 in comparison with other Central European countries: A systematic analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2017.
Seroprevalence of Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever in humans in the world health organization European region: A systematic review.
Polarized lung inflammation and tie2/angiopoietin-mediated endothelial dysfunction during severe orientia tsutsugamushi infection.
Evolutionary analysis of Mycobacterium bovis genotypes across Africa suggests co-evolution with livestock and humans.
Projecting the future of dengue under climate change scenarios: Progress, uncertainties and research needs.
Experimental infection of Egyptian rousette bats (Rousettus aegyptiacus) with Sosuga virus demonstrates potential transmission routes for a bat-borne human pathogenic paramyxovirus.
[A case report of Noonan syndrome diagnosed in primary healthcare].
Downregulation of miR-33 Has Protective Effect Against Abeta25-35-Induced Injury in SH-SH-SY5Y Cells.
Mannose receptor is an HIV restriction factor counteracted by Vpr in macrophages.
Oral Health Implications of Cannabis Smoking: A Rapid Evidence Review.
Identification and Functional Verification of Differences in Phenolic Compounds Between Resistant and Susceptible Populus Species.
Coevolution of Resistance Against Antimicrobial Peptides.
How Have ACA Insurance Expansions Affected Health Outcomes? Findings From The Literature.
Ten-Year Update of a Randomized, Prospective Trial of Conventional Fractionated Versus Moderate Hypofractionated Radiation Therapy for Localized Prostate Cancer.
Midlife Consequences of Cumulative Blood Pressure Exposure: Importance of a Lifespan Approach.
Letter by Tsuda Regarding Article, "Effect of Empagliflozin on Left Ventricular Mass in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Coronary Artery Disease: The EMPA-HEART CardioLink-6 Randomized Clinical Trial".
A Novel Treatment for Vascular Calcification in Patients With Dialysis-Dependent Chronic Kidney Disease: Are We There Yet?
Irregular Tachycardia in a Patient With Cardiomyopathy: It Takes Two to Tango.
Lighting Up Live-Cell and In Vivo Central Carbon Metabolism with Genetically Encoded Fluorescent Sensors.
Stem Cell-Derived Endothelial Cell Model that Responds to Tobacco Smoke Like Primary Endothelial Cells.
[The study of rate and spectrum of frequency of mutations of gene KRAS in patients with colorectal cancer in the Republic of Kazakhstan].
[The prevalence of diseases of non-occupational genesis in persons with diagnosis of occupational disease].
[The characteristics of morbidity of breast cancer in the Kabarda-Balkar Republic].
Assessment of early lung disease in young children with CF: A comparison between pressure-controlled and free-breathing chest computed tomography.
Impact of mannose-binding lectin 2 gene polymorphisms on disease severity in noncystic fibrosis bronchiectasis in children.
Early inhaled budesonide in extremely preterm infants decreases long-term respiratory morbidity.
A Survey of Precision Diagnosis and Management Capacity of Pulmonary Embolism in 90 Hospitals of China.
C-X-C motif chemokine receptor 4 aggravates renal fibrosis through activating JAK/STAT/GSK3beta/beta-catenin pathway.
Elective neck dissection for salvage total laryngectomy - a systematic review, meta-analysis and "decision-to-treat" approach.
Imaging in gynecological disease: ultrasound features of malignant ovarian yolk sac tumors (endodermal sinus tumors).
Up-regulation of long noncoding RNA LINC00858 is associated with poor prognosis in gastric cancer.
Applying concepts of life course theory and life course epidemiology to the study of bladder health and lower urinary tract symptoms among girls and women.
Therapeutic management of adults with atopic dermatitis: comparison with psoriasis and chronic urticaria.
Creation of a severity index for hidradenitis suppurativa that includes a validated quality-of-life measure: the HIDRAscore.
Indexes of Aortic Wave Reflection are not Augmented in Estrogen Deficient Physically Active Premenopausal Women.
Expression of koebnerisin (S100A15) and calgranulin A (S100A8) in lesional and perilesional skin in patients suffering from hidradenitis suppurativa.
Impact of graft-versus-host disease and graft-versus-leukemia effect based on minimal residual disease in Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Predicting Obstructive Sleep Apnea Status With the Reflux Symptom Index in a Sleep Study Population.
Using mHealth in postpartum women with pre-eclampsia: Lessons learned from a qualitative study.
Population Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Ontamalimab (SHP647), a Fully Human Monoclonal Antibody Against Mucosal Addressin Cell Adhesion Molecule-1 (MAdCAM-1), in Patients With Ulcerative Colitis or Crohn \' s Disease.
Effect of Statins on the Risk of Extrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma.
Psychological factors associated with self-management in multiple sclerosis.
The Systems Biology of Drug Metabolizing Enzymes and Transporters: Relevance to Quantitative Systems Pharmacology.
Structural magnetic resonance imaging for the early diagnosis of dementia due to Alzheimer \' s disease in people with mild cognitive impairment.
Deciphering UV-induced DNA Damage Responses to Prevent and Treat Skin Cancer.
Metabonomics and the gut microbiome associated with primary response to anti-TNF therapy in Crohn \' s disease.
Screening for Hepatitis C Virus Infection in Adolescents and Adults: US Preventive Services Task Force Recommendation Statement.
The screening of blood by Aspergillus PCR and galactomannan ELISA precedes BAL detection in patients with proven and probable IA.
Unilateral Leptomeningeal Enhancement in Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein Immunoglobulin G-Associated Disease.
Universal Screening for Hepatitis C Virus Infection: A Step Toward Elimination.
Association of Nonobstructive Chronic Bronchitis With Respiratory Health Outcomes in Adults.
Prospective Validation of the Chinese Version of the Self-Efficacy for Exercise Scale Among Middle-Aged Patients With Coronary Heart Disease.
Major Aspects of Burkholderia gladioli and Burkholderia cepacia Infections in Children.
Epidemic and Inter-epidemic Burden of Pediatric Human Parechovirus Infection in New South Wales, Australia, 2017-2018.
Analysis of the hemostatic therapy in liver transplantation guided by rotational thromboelastometry or conventional laboratory tests.
A nomogram for discrimination of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in patients with chronic hepatitis B.
Wilson disease: 30-year data on epidemiology, clinical presentation, treatment modalities and disease outcomes from two tertiary Greek centers.
Characteristics and outcome of nosocomial bloodstream infection in patients with acute-on-chronic liver failure.
Metastatic Squamous Cell Lung Carcinoma to the Optic Nerve Sheath Mimicking Retrobulbar Optic Neuritis.
Incidence and Outcome of Community-Acquired Acute Kidney Injury in Pediatric Patients Seen at an Emergency Department: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Identification of a new genetic variant associated with cholecystitis: a multicenter genome-wide association study.
Extended Treatment With Mesenchymal Stromal Cells-Frankfurt am Main (MSC-FFM, Obnitix) in a Pediatric Patient With Steroid-refractory Acute Gastrointestinal Graft-Versus-Host Disease (GVHD): Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Rosai-Dorfman-Destombes Disease as First Manifestation of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Diamond-Blackfan Anemia: 2 Cases With a Twist.
Retinal Vessel Analysis as a Novel Screening Tool to Identify Childhood Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Survivors at Risk of Cardiovascular Disease.
Management of Unresectable Metastatic Primitive Myxoid Mesenchymal Tumor of Infancy: A Case Report and Systematic Review of the Literature.
Association between biologic disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs and incident hypertension in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: Results from prospective nationwide KOBIO Registry.
Low myocardial transcript variant alt-a of cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor p21 expression differentiates hypothermia from cardiac/respiratory causes of death.
Extreme delta brush patterns guide the complex motor phenomenon of anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis: A case report.
Vonoprazan vs proton pump inhibitors in treating post-endoscopic submucosal dissection ulcers and preventing bleeding: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and observational studies.
Streptococcus pneumoniae colonization in pneumococcal vaccine-naive human immunodeficiency virus-exposed infected and -uninfected South African children.
Acupuncture and moxibustion for primary osteoporosis: An overview of systematic review.
Hematological indices as indicators of silent inflammation in achalasia patients: A cross-sectional study.
Increased risk of herpes zoster in patients with peptic ulcers: A longitudinal follow-up study using a national sample cohort.
Randomized controlled trial for the efficacy of electroacupuncture in the treatment of urge urinary incontinence: A clinical study protocol.
Effect of Banxia Baizhu Tianma Tang for H-type hypertension: A protocol for a systematic review.
Taxane-based or platinum-based combination chemotherapy given concurrently with radiation followed by surgery resulting in high cure rates in esophageal cancer patients.
Effect of subcutaneous needling on visual analogue scale, IgG and IgM in patients with lumbar disc herniation: Study protocol clinical trial (SPIRIT Compliant).
Preoperative imatinib treatment in patients with locally advanced and metastatic/recurrent gastrointestinal stromal tumors: A single-center analysis.
Age, absolute CD4 count, and CD4 percentage in relation to HPV infection and the stage of cervical disease in HIV-1-positive women.
Overexpression of miR-17 is correlated with liver metastasis in colorectal cancer.
Divergence of group a rotavirus with genetic variations before and after introduction of rotavirus vaccines in northern Taiwan.
Visinin-like protein-1 level is associated with short-term functional outcome of acute ischemic stroke: A prospective cohort study.
Prevalence and risk factors of diabetic retinopathy in diabetic patients: A community based cross-sectional study.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the non-coding region of STIM1 gene are associated with Parkinson disease risk in Chinese Han population.
Angiolymphatic invasion and absence of koilocytosis predict lymph node metastasis in penile cancer patients and might justify prophylactic lymphadenectomy.
Comparative efficacy of nonpharmaceutical therapy in the treatment of dysphagia after stroke: A protocol for systematic review.
Systematic evaluation and meta-analysis of quality and safety of life in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis treated by acupuncture: A protocol for a systematic review.
The efficacy of manual therapy (Chuna) for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: Protocol for a systematic review.
The prognostic role of Ki-67/MIB-1 in meningioma: A systematic review with meta-analysis.
Corneal Epithelial "Neuromas": A Case of Mistaken Identity?
Survey of Exercise Prescription in US Pulmonary Rehabilitation Programs.
Handgrip Strength as a Predictor of Exercise Capacity in Coronary Heart Disease.
Mini-Open Femoroacetabular Osteoplasty: Risk Factors for Failure and Conversion to Hip Arthroplasty.
Estimates of Preterm Infants \'  Breastfeeding Transfer Volumes Are Not Reliably Accurate.
Distribution of the COVID-19 epidemic and correlation with population emigration from wuhan, China.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation support in 2019 novel coronavirus disease: indications, timing, and implementation.
Science in the fight against the novel coronavirus disease.
Analysis of factors associated with disease outcomes in hospitalized patients with 2019 novel coronavirus disease.
Persistence and clearance of viral RNA in 2019 novel coronavirus disease rehabilitation patients.
A Multidisciplinary Technique for Concurrent Panniculectomy-Living Donor Renal Transplantation.
Association of a Preoperative Leisure Time Physical Activity With Short- and Long-term Outcomes of Patients Undergoing Curative Resection for Stage I-III Colorectal Cancer: A Propensity Score Matching Analysis.
The Clinical and Chest CT Features Associated with Severe and Critical COVID-19 Pneumonia.
Addition of Bone Marrow Stem Cells Therapy Achieves Better Clinical Outcomes and Lower Rates of Disease Progression Compared With Core Decompression Alone for Early Stage Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Prognostic and Predictive role of Excision Repair Cross-complementation Group 1 and Thymidylate Synthase in Colorectal Carcinoma Patients Received FOLFOX Chemotherapy: An Immunohistochemical Study.
A Systematic Review of Clinical Studies on the Effect of Psychoactive Cannabinoids in Psychiatric Conditions in Alzheimer Dementia.
The multifaceted role of ischemia/reperfusion in sickle cell anemia.
A novel role for lipoxin A4 in driving a lymph node-eye axis that controls autoimmunity to the neuroretina.
Factors Associated with Differential Readmission Diagnoses Following Acute Exacerbations of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Clinical Guideline Highlights for the Hospitalist: The GOLD and NICE Guidelines for the Management of COPD.
Modified Blalock-Taussig Shunt: A Single-Center Experience and Follow-Up.
Transseptal Approach for Mitral Valve Replacement in Dextrocardia with Situs Inversus Totalis: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
The Impact of Text Message On Self-Management for Coronary Heart Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Do the Paths of Sequential Vein Grafts Influence the Outcomes of Coronary Artery Bypass Surgeries?
Bad Chemistry: Basilisks and Women in Paracelsus and pseudo-Paracelsus.
Clinical characteristics and risk factors associated with breakthrough varicella during varicella outbreaks.
A Phase 1 Trial of Intravesical Cabazitaxel, Gemcitabine, and Cisplatin for the Treatment of Non-muscle Invasive BCG Unresponsive or Recurrent/Relapsing Urothelial Carcinoma of the Bladder.
Four generations of EGFR TKIs associated with different pathogenic mutations in non-small cell lung carcinoma.
Differential Urinary Proteomic Analysis of Endometrial Cancer.
Automatic substantia nigra segmentation in neuromelanin-sensitive MRI by deep neural network in patients with prodromal and manifest synucleinopathy.
Elevated age-related cortical iron, ferritin and amyloid plaques in APPswe/PS1?E9 transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Reducing mental health disparities by increasing the personal relevance of interventions.
Fingerprinting Alzheimer \' s Disease by 1H Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy of Cerebrospinal Fluid.
HNet-DNN: inferring new drug-disease associations with deep neural network based on heterogeneous network features.
[Diagnostic and therapeutic strategies of lung cancer patients during the outbreak of 2019 novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19)].
[Myocardial injury in patients with COVID-19 pneumonia].
[Cause analysis and treatment strategies of "recurrence" with novel coronavirus pneumonia (covid-19) patients after discharge from hospital].
[Clinical analysis of 31 cases of 2019 novel coronavirus infection in children from six provinces (autonomous region) of northern China].
Bone metabolism, bone mass and structural integrity profile in professional male football players.
Congenital factor XI deficiency caused by a novel F11 missense variant: a case report.
Rh(III)-Catalyzed Redox-Neutral [4+2] Annulation for Direct Assembly of 3-Acyl Isoquinolin-1(2H)-ones as Potent Antitumor Agents.
TNFSF14, a novel target of miR-326, facilitates airway remodeling in airway smooth muscle cells via inducing extracellular matrix protein deposition and proliferation.
Merged image reconstruction for anomalous systemic arterial supply to a normal lung.
Paradigm shifts in abdominal aortic aneurysm management based on vascular registries.
Living donor liver transplantation for congenital hepatic fibrosis in children.
The role of serum uric acid in the prediction of graft-versus-host disease in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Quality of life in people living with patients suffering from hidradenitis suppurativa.
Adaptive seamless clinical trials using early outcomes for treatment or subgroup selection: Methods, simulation model and their implementation in R.
Short photoperiod restores ventral subicular lesion-induced deficits in affective and socio-cognitive behavior in male Wistar rats.
Kinetics of IgA and eosinophils following a low-dose, predominantly Haemonchus contortus infection of Boer goats.
The association of clinically determined periodontal disease and edentulism with total cancer mortality: the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III.
Relevance of liver surface nodularity for preoperative risk assessment in patients with resectable hepatocellular carcinoma.
Diamond-Blackfan anaemia: understanding an old disease.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with biologic exposure before and during pregnancy in women with inflammatory systemic diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Prognostic factors associated with death from visceral leishmaniasis: a case-control study in Brazil.
Mortality after drug-eluting stents vs. coronary artery bypass grafting for left main coronary artery disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Remission and low disease activity in psoriatic arthritis publications: a systematic literature review with meta-analysis.
Heart failure can affect everyone: the ESC Geoffrey Rose lecture.
Geographically dependent individual-level models for infectious diseases transmission.
Limitations of non-invasive tests for assessment of liver fibrosis.
Study protocol for a cluster-randomized split-plot design trial to assess the effectiveness of targeted active malaria case detection among high-risk populations in Southern Lao PDR (the AcME-Lao study).
Beneficial Effects of Endophytic Fungi from the Anoectochilus and Ludisia Species on the Growth and Secondary Metabolism of Anoectochilus roxburghii.
Small-Molecule Inhibition of Bacterial Biofilm.
Knowledge gaps and research priorities in tuberculous meningitis.
Establishing the cascade of care for patients with tuberculous meningitis.
Bimodal ERCP, a new way of seeing things.
Endocytoscopy with NBI has the potential to correctly diagnose diminutive colorectal polyps that are difficult to diagnose using conventional NBI.
EUS-guided 22-gauge fine needle biopsy versus single-incision with needle knife for the diagnosis of upper gastrointestinal subepithelial lesions: a randomized controlled trial.
Irregularly branched microvessels as visualized by magnifying endoscopy: a reliable marker for predicting deep submucosal invasion of superficial esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Study on structural atrophy changes and functional connectivity measures in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Economic Impact of a Bluetongue Serotype 8 Epidemic in Germany.
Immunogenicity Assessment of Rift Valley Fever Virus Virus-Like Particles in BALB/c Mice.
Editorial: Proceedings of the 2nd ISESSAH Conference 2018.
Perspectives Regarding the Risk of Introduction of the Japanese Encephalitis Virus (JEV) in the United States.
Heat Stress Causes Immune Abnormalities via Massive Damage to Effect Proliferation and Differentiation of Lymphocytes in Broiler Chickens.
In-vivo Activity of IFN-lambda and IFN-alpha Against Bovine-Viral-Diarrhea Virus in a Mouse Model.
Protective Effect of Oral BCG and Inactivated Mycobacterium bovis Vaccines in European Badgers (Meles meles) Experimentally Infected With M. bovis.
Experimental Ixodes ricinus-Sheep Cycle of Anaplasma phagocytophilum NV2Os Propagated in Tick Cell Cultures.
Classical Swine Fever in a Cuban Zone Intended for Eradication: Spatiotemporal Clustering and Risk Factors.
Uptake of Diagnostic Tests by Livestock Farmers: A Stochastic Game Theory Approach.
Current Standards and Practices Within the Therapy Dog Industry: Results of a Representative Survey of United States Therapy Dog Organizations.
Evaluation of Severity and Factors Contributing to Foot Lesions in Endangered Ozark Hellbenders, Cryptobranchus alleganiensis bishopi.
Campylobacter jejuni Strain Dynamics in a Raccoon (Procyon lotor) Population in Southern Ontario, Canada: High Prevalence and Rapid Subtype Turnover.
Susceptibility of Chicken Embryos, Sheep, Cattle, Pigs, and Chickens to Zika Virus Infection.
Emerging Threats to Animals in the United Kingdom by Arthropod-Borne Diseases.
Monocytes and Macrophages as Protagonists in Vascular Complications of Diabetes.
Identifying Hemostatic Thresholds in Cancer Patients Undergoing Coronary Angiography Based on Platelet Count and Thromboelastography.
Protein Subdomain Enrichment of NUP155 Variants Identify a Novel Predicted Pathogenic Hotspot.
Early Vascular Aging in Hypertension.
Differences in Epidemiology and Risk Factors for Atrial Fibrillation Between Women and Men.
Pregnancy in Thalassemia and Sickle Cell Disease: The Experience of an Italian Thalassemia Center.
HCV Infection in Thalassemia Syndromes and Hemoglobinopathies: New Perspectives.
Significant Quantitative Differences in Orexin Neuronal Activation After Pain Assessments in an Animal Model of Sickle Cell Disease.
Cranio-Orbital and Orbitocranial Approaches to Orbital and Intracranial Disease: Eye-Opening Approaches for Neurosurgeons.
Yokukansankachimpihange Improves the Social Isolation-Induced Sleep Disruption and Allopregnanolone Reduction in Mice.
Pathogenesis of Celiac Disease and Other Gluten Related Disorders in Wheat and Strategies for Mitigating Them.
Cell Tracking in Cancer Immunotherapy.
Impact of Depression on Patients With Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Artificial Intelligence in Medicine: Today and Tomorrow.
Late-Onset Wilson \' s Disease.
Regulatory T Cell Suppressive Activity Predicts Disease Relapse During Disease-Modifying Anti-rheumatic Drug Dose Reduction in Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Predictive Value of Uric Acid Regarding Cardiometabolic Disease in a Community-Dwelling Older Population in Shanghai: A Cohort Study.
Acute Kidney Injury in Pregnancies Complicated With Preeclampsia or HELLP Syndrome.
Alcohol? Not for Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Patients.
Combining Kidney Organoids and Genome Editing Technologies for a Better Understanding of Physiopathological Mechanisms of Renal Diseases: State of the Art.
Impact of 18F-FDG PET/CT in Staging Patients With Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Nc2Eye: A Curated ncRNAomics Knowledgebase for Bridging Basic and Clinical Research in Eye Diseases.
Understanding Inflammatory Responses in the Manifestation of Prothrombotic Phenotypes.
CD151 in Respiratory Diseases.
TGF-beta1 Augments the Apical Membrane Abundance of Lemur Tyrosine Kinase 2 to Inhibit CFTR-Mediated Chloride Transport in Human Bronchial Epithelia.
Sclerostin and Its Associations With Bone Metabolism Markers and Sex Hormones in Healthy Community-Dwelling Elderly Individuals and Adolescents.
Interleukin 37 Suppresses M1 Macrophage Polarization Through Inhibition of the Notch1 and Nuclear Factor Kappa B Pathways.
Melanoma in the Eyes of Mechanobiology.
Improving Cerebrovascular Function to Increase Neuronal Recovery in Neurodegeneration Associated to Cardiovascular Disease.
Why Do Intrauterine Exposure to Air Pollution and Cigarette Smoke Increase the Risk of Asthma?
Contribution of TGF-Beta-Mediated NLRP3-HMGB1 Activation to Tubulointerstitial Fibrosis in Rat With Angiotensin II-Induced Chronic Kidney Disease.
The Secretome Derived From Mesenchymal Stromal Cells Cultured in a Xeno-Free Medium Promotes Human Cartilage Recovery in vitro.
Maturation of Human Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cerebellar Neurons in the Absence of Co-culture.
Reconstruction of Large Skeletal Defects: Current Clinical Therapeutic Strategies and Future Directions Using 3D Printing.
Curcumin- and Piperine-Loaded Emulsomes as Combinational Treatment Approach Enhance the Anticancer Activity of Curcumin on HCT116 Colorectal Cancer Model.
A Computational Study of Potential miRNA-Disease Association Inference Based on Ensemble Learning and Kernel Ridge Regression.
Inferring lncRNA Functional Similarity Based on Integrating Heterogeneous Network Data.
Ultrasound-Enhanced Chemiluminescence for Bioimaging.
Nanozymes: A New Disease Imaging Strategy.
Advancements and Frontiers in the High Performance of Natural Hydrogels for Cartilage Tissue Engineering.
One Health in Practice: Using Integrated Bite Case Management to Increase Detection of Rabid Animals in Tanzania.
Lack of Rule-Adherence During Mountain Gorilla Tourism Encounters in Bwindi Impenetrable National Park, Uganda, Places Gorillas at Risk From Human Disease.
A Review of Rare Disease Policies and Orphan Drug Reimbursement Systems in 12 Eurasian Countries.
Performance of and Factors Associated With Tuberculosis Screening and Diagnosis Among People Living With HIV: Analysis of 2012-2016 Routine HIV Data in Tanzania.
Right Atrial Myocardial Remodeling in Children With Atrial Septal Defect Involves Inflammation, Growth, Fibrosis, and Apoptosis.
Volume Targeted Ventilation and High Frequency Ventilation as the Primary Modes of Respiratory Support for ELBW Babies: What Does the Evidence Say?
Kawasaki Disease in Children Older Than 10 Years: A Clinical Experience From Northwest India.
AWAKEN-Ing a New Frontier in Neonatal Nephrology.
Pediatric Flatfeet-A Disease Entity That Demands Greater Attention and Treatment.
Tuberculosis Transmission in a Primary School and a Private Language School. An Estimation of Infectivity.
Multiple Family Members With Delayed Cord Separtion and Combined Immunodeficiency With Novel Mutation in IKBKB.
Predicting BPD: Lessons Learned From the Airway Microbiome of Preterm Infants.
Commentary: Profiling of UGT1A1*6, UGT1A1*60, UGT1A1*93, and UGT1A1*28 Polymorphisms in Indonesian Neonates With Hyperbilirubinemia Using Multiplex PCR Sequencing.
Reviewing the Pathogenic Potential of the Otitis-Associated Bacteria Alloiococcus otitidis and Turicella otitidis.
Pulmonary Macrophage and Dendritic Cell Responses to Cryptococcus neoformans.
NK Cells Regulate CD8+ T Cell Mediated Autoimmunity.
Monocytes and the Host Response to Fungal Pathogens.
Murine and Human Cathelicidins Contribute Differently to Hallmarks of Mastitis Induced by Pathogenic Prototheca bovis Algae.
Gastrointestinal (GI) Tract Microbiome-Derived Neurotoxins-Potent Neuro-Inflammatory Signals From the GI Tract via the Systemic Circulation Into the Brain.
Discovery of Multitarget-Directed Ligands Against Influenza A Virus From Compound Yizhihao Through a Predictive System for Compound-Protein Interactions.
Landmarks of the Knowledge and Trypanosoma cruzi Biology in the Wild Environment.
The Influence of Recombinational Processes to Induce Dormancy in Trypanosoma cruzi.
The Heparin-Binding Hemagglutinin of Nocardia cyriacigeorgica GUH-2 Stimulates Inflammatory Cytokine Secretion Through Activation of Nuclear Factor kappaB and Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Pathways via TLR4.
Discovery of in vivo Virulence Genes of Obligatory Intracellular Bacteria by Random Mutagenesis.
Senolytics (DQ) Mitigates Radiation Ulcers by Removing Senescent Cells.
Comprehensive Molecular Profiling for Relapsed/Refractory Pediatric Burkitt Lymphomas-Retrospective Analysis of Three Real-Life Clinical Cases-Addressing Issues on Randomization and Customization at the Bedside.
Tissue-Plasma TMB Comparison and Plasma TMB Monitoring in Patients With Metastatic Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Receiving Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors.
von Hippel-Lindau Syndrome: Genetic Study of Case With a Rare Pathogenic Variant With Optic Nerve Hemangioblastoma, a Rare Phenotypic Expression.
Collagen Kinase Receptors as Potential Therapeutic Targets in Metastatic Colon Cancer.
Evaluation of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network and European Society for Medical Oncology Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Surveillance Guidelines.
Clonal Hematopoiesis From Next Generation Sequencing of Plasma From a Patient With Lung Adenocarcinoma: A Case Report.
Hepatic Resection Is Associated With Improved Long-Term Survival Compared to Radio-Frequency Ablation in Patients With Multifocal Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Preclinical Models of Malignant Mesothelioma.
Dependence and Guidance Receptors-DCC and Neogenin-In Partial EMT and the Actions of Serine Proteases.
Invaders Exposed: Understanding and Targeting Tumor Cell Invasion in Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma.
Impact of Radiochemotherapy on Immune Cell Subtypes in High-Grade Glioma Patients.
Linc00668 Promotes Invasion and Stem Cell-Like Properties of Breast Cancer Cells by Interaction With SND1.
Systemic Analysis of RNA Alternative Splicing Signals Related to the Prognosis for Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Long-Term Patient-Reported Quality of Life After Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy for Recurrent, Previously-Irradiated Head and Neck Cancer.
Carbon Ion Therapy: A Modern Review of an Emerging Technology.
Immunotherapy Potentiates the Effect of Chemotherapy in Metastatic Melanoma-A Retrospective Study.
Upregulated Expression of TUBA1C Predicts Poor Prognosis and Promotes Oncogenesis in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma via Regulating the Cell Cycle.
Clinical Significance of Circulating miR-1273g-3p and miR-122-5p in Pancreatic Cancer.
Comparison of Survival and Risk Factors of Differentiated Thyroid Cancer in the Geriatric Population.
Vascular Resection for Pancreatic Cancer: 2019 French Recommendations Based on a Literature Review From 2008 to 6-2019.
High Expression of Integrin alpha3 Predicts Poor Prognosis and Promotes Tumor Metastasis and Angiogenesis by Activating the c-Src/Extracellular Signal-Regulated Protein Kinase/Focal Adhesion Kinase Signaling Pathway in Cervical Cancer.
PLXNC1 Enhances Carcinogenesis Through Transcriptional Activation of IL6ST in Gastric Cancer.
Thermal Intravesical Chemotherapy Reduce Recurrence Rate for Non-muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer Patients: A Meta-Analysis.
Concordance of Hormone Receptor Status and BRCA1/2 Mutation Among Women With Synchronous Bilateral Breast Cancer.
SPECT-CT Imaging of Dog Spontaneous Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Targeting CD22 for the Implementation of a Relevant Preclinical Model for Human.
CDX2: A Prognostic Marker in Metastatic Colorectal Cancer Defining a Better BRAF Mutated and a Worse KRAS Mutated Subgroup.
Valproate-induced Drug Rash Eosinophilia with Systemic Symptoms Syndrome: An Unknown Hepatotoxicity.
Update on Immunosuppression in Liver Transplantation.
A Prospective Clinicoendoscopic Follow-up Study in Young Patients with Peptic Ulcer Perforation at a Tertiary Institute in Central India.
Predictors of Three-month Hospital Readmissions and Mortality in Patients with Cirrhosis of Liver.
High Prevalence of Wilson \' s Diseases with Low Prevalence of Kayser-Fleischer Rings among Patients with Cryptogenic Chronic Liver Diseases in Bangladesh.
Transcript profiling reveals potential regulators for oxidative stress response of a necrotrophic chickpea pathogen Ascochyta rabiei.
Chrysophanol improves memory ability of d-galactose and Abeta25-35 treated rat correlating with inhibiting tau hyperphosphorylation and the CaM-CaMKIV signal pathway in hippocampus.
Mycophenolate-induced Colitis: A Case Report with Focused Review of Literature.
Diagnosis of Acute Mesenteric Ischemia in a Patient with End-Stage Renal Disease with Normal Serum Lactate.
Acute Parkinsonism and Cerebral Salt-wasting-related Hyponatremia in Scrub Typhus.
Atrial Myxoma, a Rare Cause of Sudden Cardiac Death: A Case Report and Review of Literature.
Trachyonychia Secondary to Acitretin Usage.
Axial Torsion and Gangrene: An Unusual Complication of Meckel \' s Diverticulum.
A Mysterious Case of an Infarcted Spleen due to Kissing Disease: A Rare Entity.
Peritoneal Metastasis of Cholangiocarcinoma Treated with Cytoreductive Surgery and Hyperthermic Intraperitoneal Chemotherapy at the Instituto Nacional de Cancerologia, Colombia.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress and the protein degradation system in ophthalmic diseases.
The practicality of different eGFR equations in centenarians and near-centenarians: which equation should we choose?
Single nucleotide polymorphism of MTHFR rs1801133 associated with elevated Hcy levels affects susceptibility to cerebral small vessel disease.
Effects of manganese and zinc on the growth process of Phytophthora nicotianae and the possible inhibitory mechanisms.
The E2F family as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets in colon cancer.
Recent update in diagnosis and treatment of human pythiosis.
Epidemiological scenario of dengue in the state of Manipur during the last 3 years.
Mutant dlx3b disturbs normal tooth mineralization and bone formation in zebrafish.
Key genes and co-expression modules involved in asthma pathogenesis.
Identification of key genes associated with multiple sclerosis based on gene expression data from peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Bovine tuberculosis breakdown duration in cattle herds: an investigation of herd, host, pathogen and wildlife risk factors.
T-cells with a single tumor antigen-specific T-cell receptor can be generated in vitro from clinically relevant stem cell sources.
S100A4 promotes hepatocellular carcinogenesis by intensifying fibrosis-associated cancer cell stemness.
Helper T cell-dominant tertiary lymphoid structures are associated with disease relapse of advanced colorectal cancer.
Response of metastatic mouse invasive lobular carcinoma to mTOR inhibition is partly mediated by the adaptive immune system.
The Role of the Anti-Inflammatory Cytokine Interleukin-10 in Tissue Fibrosis.
Metastatic basal cell carcinoma with evidence of intravascular invasion: A case report.
Proteomic Classification and Identification of Proteins Related to Tissue Healing of Platelet-Rich Plasma.
Factors Associated with Disease Stabilization of Desmoid-Type Fibromatosis.
Functional Outcomes of Hip Arthroscopy for Pediatric and Adolescent Hip Disorders.
Factors Affecting Quality of Life and Satisfaction in Patients with Arthritis after Change to a Fixed-Dose Naproxen/Esomeprazole Combination Drug.
Definition, Diagnosis, Treatment, and Prognosis of Frozen Shoulder: A Consensus Survey of Shoulder Specialists.
Mosquitoes are not the major culprits for the high burden of malaria in Nigeria: a commentary.
[Diagnosis of conjoined twins in a pregnant woman at term].
Perianal herpes ulceration in a HIV positive person.
Sight threatening vitreous haemorrhage and retinal detachment in a patient with sickle cell disease.
Prevalence and risk factors associated with hypertension among adults in a rural setting: the case of Ombe, Cameroon.
Pediatric inguinal hernia treated by single-port laparoscopic water injection hernia crochet needle.
Laparoscopic Soave procedure for long-segment Hirschsprung \' s disease - single-center experience.
Guiding role of seminal tract anatomical study in transurethral seminal vesiculoscopy.
Laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy: a study of efficiency in treatment of metabolic syndrome components, comorbidities and influence on certain biochemical markers.
Outcomes of laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy by means of esophageal manometry and pH-metry, before and after surgery.
[Lancet Commission on Hypertension Group position statement on the global improvement of accuracy standards for devices that measure blood pressurePosicionamento do Grupo da Lancet Commission on Hypertension sobre a melhoria global dos padroes de acuracia para aparelhos que medem a pressao arterial].
epiCOLOC: Integrating Large-Scale and Context-Dependent Epigenomics Features for Comprehensive Colocalization Analysis.
Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Activation in Alport Syndrome Varies Between Genotype and Cell Type.
Novel Combined Tissue Transcriptome Analysis After Lentogenic Newcastle Disease Virus Challenge in Inbred Chicken Lines of Differential Resistance.
Pathogenic Gene Prediction Algorithm Based on Heterogeneous Information Fusion.
Identification of Prognostic Genes in Leiomyosarcoma by Gene Co-Expression Network Analysis.
Evaluation of Pathway Activation for a Single Sample Toward Inflammatory Bowel Disease Classification.
Current Understanding of Host Genetics of Otitis Media.
Alveolar Macrophage Chromatin Is Modified to Orchestrate Host Response to Mycobacterium bovis Infection.
Analysis of the Clinicopathologic Characteristics of Lung Adenocarcinoma With CTNNB1 Mutation.
The Genetics and Epigenetics of 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome.
Transcriptome Changes of Mycobacterium marinum in the Process of Resuscitation From Hypoxia-Induced Dormancy.
Plant Disease Control by Non-Thermal Atmospheric-Pressure Plasma.
The Rice Xa3 Gene Confers Resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae in the Model Rice Kitaake Genetic Background.
Beneficial Endophytic Bacterial Populations Associated With Medicinal Plant Thymus vulgaris Alleviate Salt Stress and Confer Resistance to Fusarium oxysporum.
Biocontrol by Fusarium oxysporum Using Endophyte-Mediated Resistance.
Producing Cyclopropane Fatty Acid in Plant Leafy Biomass via Expression of Bacterial and Plant Cyclopropane Fatty Acid Synthases.
Soybean Stem Canker Caused by Diaporthe caulivora; Pathogen Diversity, Colonization Process, and Plant Defense Activation.
Thinking Outside the Box: Innate- and B Cell-Memory Responses as Novel Protective Mechanisms Against Tuberculosis.
Autoantibody Specificities in Myasthenia Gravis; Implications for Improved Diagnostics and Therapeutics.
Group 2 Innate Lymphoid Cells (ILC2) Suppress Beneficial Type 1 Immune Responses During Pulmonary Cryptococcosis.
Murine Gut Microbiome Association With APOE Alleles.
CD1b Tetramers Broadly Detect T Cells That Correlate With Mycobacterial Exposure but Not Tuberculosis Disease State.
Malnutrition Decreases Antibody Secreting Cell Numbers Induced by an Oral Attenuated Human Rotavirus Vaccine in a Human Infant Fecal Microbiota Transplanted Gnotobiotic Pig Model.
Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients, Both Newly Diagnosed and Methotrexate Treated, Show More DNA Methylation Differences in CD4+ Memory Than in CD4+ Naive T Cells.
Key Aspects of the Immunobiology of Haploidentical Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation.
Serotonin: A Potent Immune Cell Modulator in Autoimmune Diseases.
The Methyl-CpG-Binding Protein Mbd2 Regulates Susceptibility to Experimental Colitis via Control of CD11c+ Cells and Colonic Epithelium.
Interleukin-27 Enforces Regulatory T Cell Functions to Prevent Graft-versus-Host Disease.
Conformational Plasticity of HLA-B27 Molecules Correlates Inversely With Efficiency of Negative T Cell Selection.
Editorial: Innate Immunity Programming and Memory in Resolving and Non-Resolving Inflammation.
TLR2-Melatonin Feedback Loop Regulates the Activation of NLRP3 Inflammasome in Murine Allergic Airway Inflammation.
T Cell Responses to Mycobacterial Glycolipids: On the Spectrum of "Innateness".
Glutaminase 1 Regulates Neuroinflammation After Cerebral Ischemia Through Enhancing Microglial Activation and Pro-Inflammatory Exosome Release.
Insights Into Lung Cancer Immune-Based Biology, Prevention, and Treatment.
Microbial Regulation of Enteric Eosinophils and Its Impact on Tissue Remodeling and Th2 Immunity.
A Systematic Investigation on Complement Pathway Activation in Diabetic Retinopathy.
Non-infectious Complications of Common Variable Immunodeficiency: Updated Clinical Spectrum, Sequelae, and Insights to Pathogenesis.
Natural Killer Cells Dampen the Pathogenic Features of Recall Responses to Influenza Infection.
Various Tastes of Sugar: The Potential of Glycosylation in Targeting and Modulating Human Immunity via C-Type Lectin Receptors.
Editorial: EBV Infection and Human Primary Immune Deficiencies.
CD4 T Cells in Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Schistosoma mansoni Co-infected Individuals Maintain Functional TH1 Responses.
Association Between Response to Nivolumab Treatment and Peripheral Blood Lymphocyte Subsets in Patients With Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.
The Irony of Humanization: Alemtuzumab, the First, But One of the Most Immunogenic, Humanized Monoclonal Antibodies.
Training the Fetal Immune System Through Maternal Inflammation-A Layered Hygiene Hypothesis.
Influenza A Virus Pre-Infection Exacerbates Pseudomonas aeruginosa-Mediated Lung Damage Through Increased MMP-9 Expression, Decreased Elafin Production and Tissue Resilience.
Alterations in T and B Cell Receptor Repertoires Patterns in Patients With IL10 Signaling Defects and History of Infantile-Onset IBD.
IL-17A Modulates Peritoneal Macrophage Recruitment and M2 Polarization in Endometriosis.
The Imbalance of Circulating Follicular Helper T Cells and Follicular Regulatory T Cells Is Associated With Disease Activity in Patients With Ulcerative Colitis.
Cell-Mediated Immune Responses to in vivo-Expressed and Stage-Specific Mycobacterium tuberculosis Antigens in Latent and Active Tuberculosis Across Different Age Groups.
Novel Engraftment and T Cell Differentiation of Human Hematopoietic Cells in ART -/- IL2RG -/Y SCID Pigs.
Intravital Microscopy of the Beating Murine Heart to Understand Cardiac Leukocyte Dynamics.
Citrullination Alters the Antiviral and Immunomodulatory Activities of the Human Cathelicidin LL-37 During Rhinovirus Infection.
Adaptive Immunity: New Aspects of Pathogenesis Underlying Neurodegeneration in Glaucoma and Optic Neuropathy.
Modulation of Immune Responses by Platelet-Derived ADAM10.
Novel Insights Into Immune Systems of Bats.
Phosphoinositides and the Fate of Legionella in Phagocytes.
Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association and Gene Expression Studies Implicates Donor T Cell Function and Cytokine Pathways in Acute GvHD.
Dissection of the Human T-Cell Receptor gamma Gene Repertoire in the Brain and Peripheral Blood Identifies Age- and Alzheimer \' s Disease-Associated Clonotype Profiles.
Targeting Extracellular Vesicles to the Arthritic Joint Using a Damaged Cartilage-Specific Antibody.
Recombinant DnaK Orally Administered Protects Axenic European Sea Bass Against Vibriosis.
Preliminary Results of a Combined Score Based on sIL2-Ralpha and TIM-3 Levels Assayed Early After Hematopoietic Transplantation.
Evaluation of Cellular Responses for the Diagnosis of Allergic Bronchopulmonary Mycosis: A Preliminary Study in Cystic Fibrosis Patients.
DNGR-1, a Dendritic Cell-Specific Sensor of Tissue Damage That Dually Modulates Immunity and Inflammation.
Immunogenicity of Potential CD4+ and CD8+ T Cell Epitopes Derived From the Proteome of Leishmania braziliensis.
High Cytotoxic Efficiency of Lentivirally and Alpharetrovirally Engineered CD19-Specific Chimeric Antigen Receptor Natural Killer Cells Against Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Pleiotropic Role and Bidirectional Immunomodulation of Innate Lymphoid Cells in Cancer.
KSHV: Immune Modulation and Immunotherapy.
The pH-Responsive Transcription Factor PacC Governs Pathogenicity and Ochratoxin A Biosynthesis in Aspergillus carbonarius.
Exploring Rain as Source of Biological Control Agents for Fire Blight on Apple.
Coexistence of Two bla NDM- 5 Genes Carried on IncX3 and IncFII Plasmids in an Escherichia coli Isolate Revealed by Illumina and Nanopore Sequencing.
Genomic Stability of Composite SCCmec ACME and COMER-Like Genetic Elements in Staphylococcus epidermidis Correlates With Rate of Excision.
HTLV-1 Infection and Rheumatic Diseases.
Antiviral Drugs Against Severe Fever With Thrombocytopenia Syndrome Virus Infection.
High Efficacy of the Volatile Organic Compounds of Streptomyces yanglinensis 3-10 in Suppression of Aspergillus Contamination on Peanut Kernels.
Expression, Purification and Characterization of the Hepatitis E Virus Like-Particles in the Pichia pastoris.
Current Antivirals and Novel Botanical Molecules Interfering With Herpes Simplex Virus Infection.
Broadly Protective Strategies Against Influenza Viruses: Universal Vaccines and Therapeutics.
Agricultural Selection of Wheat Has Been Shaped by Plant-Microbe Interactions.
Retrospective Screening and Analysis of mcr-1 and bla NDM in Gram-Negative Bacteria in China, 2010-2019.
Distinct Types of Gut Microbiota Dysbiosis in Hospitalized Gastroenterological Patients Are Disease Non-related and Characterized With the Predominance of Either Enterobacteriaceae or Enterococcus.
The 58th Cysteine of TcpP Is Essential for Vibrio cholerae Virulence Factor Production and Pathogenesis.
Nicotinamide Increases Intracellular NAD+ Content to Enhance Autophagy-Mediated Group A Streptococcal Clearance in Endothelial Cells.
Differential Responses by Human Macrophages to Infection With Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Non-tuberculous Mycobacteria.
Editorial: Plant Disease Management in the Post-genomic Era: From Functional Genomics to Genome Editing.
Characterization, Expression Profiling, and Functional Analysis of PtDef, a Defensin-Encoding Gene From Populus trichocarpa.
Predicting Microbiome Function Across Space Is Confounded by Strain-Level Differences and Functional Redundancy Across Taxa.
Editorial: Bioinformatics in Microbiota.
Genetic Diversity and Azole Fungicide Sensitivity in Pseudocercospora musae Field Populations in Brazil.
Gastric Damage and Cancer-Associated Biomarkers in Helicobacter pylori-Infected Children.
EF1025, a Hypothetical Protein From Enterococcus faecalis, Interacts With DivIVA and Affects Cell Length and Cell Shape.
Defensive Symbioses in Social Insects Can Inform Human Health and Agriculture.
Coxsackievirus A6 Induces Necroptosis for Viral Production.
Ectopic Expression of Rv0023 Mediates Isoniazid/Ethionamide Tolerance via Altering NADH/NAD+ Levels in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Genomic Analysis of Putative Virulence Factors Affecting Cytotoxicity of Cronobacter.
Congenital Generalized Lipoatrophy (Berardinelli-Seip Syndrome) Type 1: Description of Novel AGPAT2 Homozygous Variants Showing the Highly Heterogeneous Presentation of the Disease.
A Large Skull Defect Due to Gorham-Stout Disease: Case Report and Literature Review on Pathogenesis, Diagnosis, and Treatment.
Cardiometabolic Risk in Acromegaly: A Review With a Focus on Pasireotide.
Molecular Mechanisms of Glucocorticoid Resistance in Corticotropinomas: New Developments and Drug Targets.
Added Value of Impact Microindentation in the Evaluation of Bone Fragility: A Systematic Review of the Literature.
Radiotherapy in Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva: A Case Report and Systematic Review of the Literature.
Why and How Imprinted Genes Drive Fetal Programming.
High Fidelity of Mouse Models Mimicking Human Genetic Skeletal Disorders.
Editorial: Cerebral Small Vessel Diseases: From Vessel Alterations to Cortical Parenchymal Injury.
N-acetyl Cysteine Administration Is Associated With Increased Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis: An Exploratory Study.
Endocannabinoid Modulation of Microglial Phenotypes in Neuropathology.
Defective Gating and Proteostasis of Human ClC-1 Chloride Channel: Molecular Pathophysiology of Myotonia Congenita.
Cerebral Hemodynamic Changes After Revascularization in Patients With Hemorrhagic Moyamoya Disease.
CLCN1 Molecular Characterization in 19 South-Italian Patients With Dominant and Recessive Type of Myotonia Congenita.
Beneficial Effects of Ketogenic Diet on Phosphofructokinase Deficiency (Glycogen Storage Disease Type VII).
Clinical Value of Susceptibility Weighted Imaging of Brain Metastases.
Abnormal Anatomical Rich-Club Organization and Structural-Functional Coupling in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer \' s Disease.
The Need for SMN-Independent Treatments of Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) to Complement SMN-Enhancing Drugs.
A Clinicopathological Report of a 93-Year-Old Former Street Boxer With Coexistence of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy, Alzheimer \' s Disease, Dementia With Lewy Bodies, and Hippocampal Sclerosis With TDP-43 Pathology.
Upper Limb Interactive Weightless Technology-Aided Intervention and Assessment Picks Out Motor Skills Improvement in Parkinson \' s Disease: A Pilot Study.
Corrigendum: Gene-Related Cerebellar Neurodegeneration in SCA3/MJD: A Case-Controlled Imaging-Genetic Study.
A Case of Hyperekplexia That Started From Childhood: Clinical Diagnosis With Negative Genetic Investigations.
Connectivity Patterns of Subthalamic Stimulation Influence Pain Outcomes in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Corrigendum: The Role of the Gut Microbiota in the Pathogenesis of Parkinson \' s Disease.
Characterization of Upper Limb Impairments at Body Function, Activity, and Participation in Persons With Multiple Sclerosis by Behavioral and EMG Assessment: A Cross-Sectional Study.
In vivo Mechanisms of Antibody-Mediated Neurological Disorders: Animal Models and Potential Implications.
Novel Surrogate Markers of CNS Inflammation in CSF in the Diagnosis of Autoimmune Encephalitis.
Why Care: Complex Evolutionary History of Human Healthcare Networks.
Visual Perception of Moisture Is a Pathogen Detection Mechanism of the Behavioral Immune System.
Metacognitive Therapy for Adjustment Disorder in a Patient With Newly Diagnosed Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension: A Case Report.
Developing a Computerized Adaptive Test to Assess Stress in Chinese College Students.
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Antenatal Depression in a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial and Effects on Neurobiological, Behavioral and Cognitive Outcomes in Offspring 3-7 Years Postpartum: A Perspective Article on Study Findings, Limitations and Future Aims.
Genetic Burden for Late-Life Neurodegenerative Disease and Its Association With Early-Life Lipids, Brain, Behavior, and Cognition.
The Role of Diet in Functional Dyspepsia Management.
Identifying Schizophrenia Using Structural MRI With a Deep Learning Algorithm.
Lithium Use in a Patient With Bipolar Disorder and End-Stage Kidney Disease on Hemodialysis: A Case Report.
The Neural Mechanisms of Associative Memory Revisited: fMRI Evidence from Implicit Contingency Learning.
Cardio-Respiratory Fitness and Autonomic Function in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder.
The Relation Between Empathy and Insight in Psychiatric Disorders: Phenomenological, Etiological, and Neuro-Functional Mechanisms.
Factors Influencing Professional Help-Seeking Behavior During First Episode Psychosis in Schizophrenia: An Exploratory Study on Caregivers \'  Perspective.
Immune and Apoptosis Mechanisms Regulating Placental Development and Vascularization in Preeclampsia.
Tuft Cell Formation Reflects Epithelial Plasticity in Pancreatic Injury: Implications for Modeling Human Pancreatitis.
NF-kappaB System Is Chronically Activated and Promotes Glomerular Injury in Experimental Type 1 Diabetic Kidney Disease.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Composition of Cerebrospinal Fluid Fractions Shows Their Contribution to Cognitive Resilience of a Pre-symptomatic Alzheimer \' s Disease Cohort.
Evaluation of an Antioxidant and Anti-inflammatory Cocktail Against Human Hypoactivity-Induced Skeletal Muscle Deconditioning.
Identification of Serum-Based Metabolic Feature and Characteristic Metabolites in Paraquat Intoxicated Mouse Models.
Antioxidant Alternatives in the Treatment of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Comprehensive Review.
The Role of Macrophages in Aortic Dissection.
Modulation of Calcium Transients in Cardiomyocytes by Transient Receptor Potential Canonical 6 Channels.
Molecular Dynamics of Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Lung Injury in Rodents.
Dexmedetomidine Exerted Anti-arrhythmic Effects in Rat With Ischemic Cardiomyopathy via Upregulation of Connexin 43 and Reduction of Fibrosis and Inflammation.
Structural Microangiopathies in Skeletal Muscle Related to Systemic Vascular Pathologies in Humans.
Genetic and Epigenetic Characterization of Pulpal and Periapical Inflammation.
Renal Glomerular Mitochondria Function in Salt-Sensitive Hypertension.
Development of Prediction Models for Drug-Induced Cholestasis, Cirrhosis, Hepatitis, and Steatosis Based on Drug and Drug Metabolite Structures.
Role of Platelet-Derived Growth Factor (PDGF) in Asthma as an Immunoregulatory Factor Mediating Airway Remodeling and Possible Pharmacological Target.
Alleviation of Synovial Inflammation of Juanbi-Tang on Collagen-Induced Arthritis and TNF-Tg Mice Model.
Protective Effects of Amlodipine Pretreatment on Contrast-Induced Acute Kidney Injury And Overall Survival In Hypertensive Patients.
Comparative Efficacy and Safety of Nivolumab and Nivolumab Plus Ipilimumab in Advanced Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Editorial: Innovative Biologics and Drugs to Target Renal Inflammation.
Lignans: Quantitative Analysis of the Research Literature.
Clonal Selection of a Novel Deleterious TP53 Somatic Mutation Discovered in ctDNA of a KIT/PDGFRA Wild-Type Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor Resistant to Imatinib.
Challenges and Opportunities for Therapeutic Targeting of Calmodulin Kinase II in Heart.
Are Anticholinergic Medications Associated With Increased Risk of Dementia and Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia? A Nationwide 15-Year Follow-Up Cohort Study in Taiwan.
Hydrogen Sulfide Attenuates Particulate Matter-Induced Emphysema and Airway Inflammation Through Nrf2-Dependent Manner.
Celastrol Suppresses Glioma Vasculogenic Mimicry Formation and Angiogenesis by Blocking the PI3K/Akt/mTOR Signaling Pathway.
Anemonin Attenuates RANKL-Induced Osteoclastogenesis and Ameliorates LPS-Induced Inflammatory Bone Loss in Mice via Modulation of NFATc1.
Corilagin Alleviates Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in High-Fat Diet-Induced C57BL/6 Mice by Ameliorating Oxidative Stress and Restoring Autophagic Flux.
Identifying the Naphthalene-Based Compound 3,5-Dihydroxy 2-Napthoic Acid as a Novel Lead Compound for Designing Lactate Dehydrogenase-Specific Antibabesial Drug.
Corrigendum: Genotype-Phenotype Association Analysis Reveals New Pathogenic Factors for Osteogenesis Imperfecta Disease.
Protective Effect of Bruguiera gymnorrhiza (L.) Lam. Fruit on Dextran Sulfate Sodium-Induced Ulcerative Colitis in Mice: Role of Keap1/Nrf2 Pathway and Gut Microbiota.
Five Constituents in Psoralea corylifolia L. Attenuate Palmitic Acid-Induced Hepatocyte Injury via Inhibiting the Protein Kinase C-alpha/Nicotinamide-Adenine Dinucleotide Phosphate Oxidase Pathway.
Healthcare Professionals \'  Preferred Efficacy Endpoints and Minimal Clinically Important Differences in the Assessment of New Medicines for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Neuroprotection by the Immunomodulatory Drug Pomalidomide in the Drosophila LRRK2WD40 Genetic Model of Parkinson \' s Disease.
Electroacupuncture Ameliorates Cognitive Impairment by Inhibiting the JNK Signaling Pathway in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Adipose-Derived Molecules-Untouched Horizons in Alzheimer \' s Disease Biology.
Genetic Association of FERMT2, HLA-DRB1, CD2AP, and PTK2B Polymorphisms With Alzheimer \' s Disease Risk in the Southern Chinese Population.
Comparison of Gray Matter Atrophy in Behavioral Variant Frontal Temporal Dementia and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis.
The Interaction of EphA4 With PDGFRbeta Regulates Proliferation and Neuronal Differentiation of Neural Progenitor Cells in vitro and Promotes Neurogenesis in vivo.
Peripheral Routes to Neurodegeneration: Passing Through the Blood-Brain Barrier.
Electrophile Signaling and Emerging Immuno- and Neuro-modulatory Electrophilic Pharmaceuticals.
Revealing a Novel Landscape of the Association Between Blood Lipid Levels and Alzheimer \' s Disease: A Meta-Analysis of a Case-Control Study.
Early Effects of Abeta Oligomers on Dendritic Spine Dynamics and Arborization in Hippocampal Neurons.
Clustering of Brain Function Network Based on Attribute and Structural Information and Its Application in Brain Diseases.
Three-Year Gait and Axial Outcomes of Bilateral STN and GPi Parkinson \' s Disease Deep Brain Stimulation.
Immune-Endocrine Links to Gregariousness in Wild House Mice.
Resting-State Functional Correlates of Social Cognition in Multiple Sclerosis: An Explorative Study.
Eph/ephrin Function Contributes to the Patterning of Spinocerebellar Mossy Fibers Into Parasagittal Zones.
Cell-Type-Specific Whole-Brain Direct Inputs to the Anterior and Posterior Piriform Cortex.
Acute Ablation of Cortical Pericytes Leads to Rapid Neurovascular Uncoupling.
Metabolic Regulation of Glial Phenotypes: Implications in Neuron-Glia Interactions and Neurological Disorders.
Cellular Senescence in Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Editorial: Purinergic Signaling in Health and Disease.
Long Term Gene Expression in Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells and Cerebral Organoids to Model a Neurodegenerative Disease.
Blebbistatin Inhibits Neomycin-Induced Apoptosis in Hair Cell-Like HEI-OC-1 Cells and in Cochlear Hair Cells.
Corrigendum: An Inflammation-Centric View of Neurological Disease: Beyond the Neuron.
Fibrogenesis in LAMA2-Related Muscular Dystrophy Is a Central Tenet of Disease Etiology.
Laminin and Integrin in LAMA2-Related Congenital Muscular Dystrophy: From Disease to Therapeutics.
Peripheral Delta Opioid Receptors Mediate Formoterol Anti-allodynic Effect in a Mouse Model of Neuropathic Pain.
Editorial: Neuromodulatory Control of Brainstem Function in Health and Disease.
Hierarchical Clustering Analyses of Plasma Proteins in Subjects With Cardiovascular Risk Factors Identify Informative Subsets Based on Differential Levels of Angiogenic and Inflammatory Biomarkers.
Fiber Connectivity Density in Cerebral Small-Vessel Disease Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment and Cerebral Small-Vessel Disease Patients With Normal Cognition.
Cortical and Striatal Circuits in Huntington \' s Disease.
Correlation of Artemin and GFRalpha3 With Osteoarthritis Pain: Early Evidence From Naturally Occurring Osteoarthritis-Associated Chronic Pain in Dogs.
Brain Structural Plasticity: From Adult Neurogenesis to Immature Neurons.
Multiscale Imaging Approach for Studying the Central Nervous System: Methodology and Perspective.
A Connected Network of Interacting Proteins Is Involved in Human-Tau Toxicity in Drosophila.
Hemiparkinsonism or Hemidystonia With Hemiatrophy Syndrome: A Case Series With Follow-Up.
Cynomolgus Monkeys With Spontaneous Type-2-Diabetes-Mellitus-Like Pathology Develop Alpha-Synuclein Alterations Reminiscent of Prodromal Parkinson \' s Disease and Related Diseases.
Hypernetwork Construction and Feature Fusion Analysis Based on Sparse Group Lasso Method on Functional fMRI Dataset.
Diffeomorphic Registration With Intensity Transformation and Missing Data: Application to 3D Digital Pathology of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Rethinking Therapeutic Strategies for Anorexia Nervosa: Insights From Psychedelic Medicine and Animal Models.
Complement System in Brain Architecture and Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
Systematic Review on Fractal Dimension of the Retinal Vasculature in Neurodegeneration and Stroke: Assessment of a Potential Biomarker.
Motion Biomarkers Showing Maximum Contrast Between Healthy Subjects and Parkinson \' s Disease Patients Treated With Deep Brain Stimulation of the Subthalamic Nucleus. A Pilot Study.
A Robust Model System for Retinal Hypoxia: Live Imaging of Calcium Dynamics and Gene Expression Studies in Primary Human Mixed Retinal Culture.
In Vivo Imaging of Inflammation and Infection 2019.
Hydration Strategies for Preventing Contrast-Induced Acute Kidney Injury: A Systematic Review and Bayesian Network Meta-Analysis.
Oral Health Status of Hospitalized Patients With Type 2 Diabetes.
Developing a Prototype Knowledge-Based System for Diagnosis and Treatment of Diabetes Using Data Mining Techniques.
Epidemiology, Diagnosis and Therapeutic Approaches of Cryptorchidism at the Panzi General Hospital, DR Congo: A 5-year Retrospective Study.
Incidence, Clinical Manifestation, Treatment Outcome, and Drug Susceptibility Pattern of Nontuberculous Mycobacteria in HIV Patients in Tehran, Iran.
Therapeutic Characteristics, Chemotherapy-Related Toxicities and Survivorship in Colorectal Cancer Patients.
Patterns of Surgically Treated Thyroid Disease: A Two Years Review at St. Paul Hospital Millennium medical Collage, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Prevalence and Associated Factors of Thyroid Incidentaloma among Adult People Attending Gondar University Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia.
Malignant glomus tumor of the intestinal ileum with multiorgan metastases: A case report and review of literature.
Benefits of implementing a rapid access clinic in a high-volume inflammatory bowel disease center: Access, resource utilization and outcomes.
Role of Tenascin-X in regulating TGF-beta/Smad signaling pathway in pathogenesis of slow transit constipation.
Proteomic insights on the metabolism in inflammatory bowel disease.
Managing raw materials of vegetable origin increases fungal indoor concentration in food companies.
Evaluation of safety and probiotic properties of a strain of Enterococcus faecium isolated from chicken bile.
Urolithiasis and intracorporeal lithotripsy in 37 Military Hospital, Accra, Ghana.
Prevalence of minimal hepatic encephalopathy among patients with chronic liver disease in Ilorin, Nigeria.
Platelet activation as a trigger factor for inflammation and atherosclerosis.
Fabrication of Ti3C2 MXene Microelectrode Arrays for In Vivo Neural Recording.
The "broken escalator" phenomenon: Vestibular dizziness interferes with locomotor adaptation.
Cardiovascular Adverse Events Reported in Placebo Arm of Randomized Controlled Trials in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Is It Possible to Conduct a Multi-Arm Multi-Stage Platform Trial in Parkinson \' s Disease: Lessons Learned from Other Neurodegenerative Disorders and Cancer.
Neurophysiological Biomarkers of Parkinson \' s Disease.
Freezing of Gait in People with Parkinson \' s Disease: Nature, Occurrence, and Risk Factors.
Epilepsy in Neurodegenerative Dementias: A Clinical, Epidemiological, and EEG Study.
Apolipoprotein E4 Allele and Dental Occlusion Deficiency as Risk Factors for Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Chronic Treatment with 50 mg/kg Cannabidiol Improves Cognition and Moderately Reduces Abeta42 Levels in 12-Month-Old Male AbetaPPswe/PS1DeltaE9 Transgenic Mice.
The Amyloid, Tau, and Neurodegeneration (A/T/N) Classification Applied to a Clinical Research Cohort with Long-Term Follow-Up.
Neuropathological Correlates of Cumulative Benzodiazepine and Anticholinergic Drug Use.
Environmental Enrichment Rescues Functional Deficit and Alters Neuroinflammation in a Transgenic Model of Tauopathy.
High Mobility Group Box 1 Ameliorates Cognitive Impairment in the 3xTg-AD Mouse Model.
Structural Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging to Rule Out Comorbid Pathology in the Assessment of Alzheimer \' s Disease Dementia: Findings from the Ontario Neurodegenerative Disease Research Initiative (ONDRI) Study and Clinical Trials Over the Past 10 Years.
Procedural Learning Improves Cognition in Multiple Sclerosis.
Impact of Vitamin D Binding Protein Levels on Alzheimer \' s Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Effect of APOE Genotype on Plasma Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA), Eicosapentaenoic Acid, Arachidonic Acid, and Hippocampal Volume in the Alzheimer \' s Disease Cooperative Study-Sponsored DHA Clinical Trial.
Neuropsychiatric Inventory-Assessed Nighttime Behavior Accompanies, but Does Not Precede, Progressive Cognitive Decline Independent of Alzheimer \' s Disease Histopathology.
Can Social Cognition Measurements Differentiate Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia from Alzheimer \' s Disease Regardless of Apathy?
Objective Daytime Napping is Associated with Disease Severity and Inflammation in Patients with Mild to Moderate Dementia1.
Effect of hypocomplementemia on perinatal outcomes of pregnancies with autoimmune disorders.
Serum levels of nitric oxide and endothelin-1 in vasculopathy managed with hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Thrombotic risk in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria-like (PNH-like) phenotype.
[Expression of ganglioside GD2 on colorectal adenocarcinoma cells].
[Computer-aided drug design: from discovery of novel pharmaceutical agents to systems pharmacology].
Gut microbiome: pertinence in fibromyalgia.
The Italian Fibromyalgia Registry: a new way of using routine real-world data concerning patient-reported disease status in healthcare research and clinical practice.
Exercise therapy in fibromyalgia patients: comparison of a web-based intervention with usual care.
A proposal on how to assess the weight of the subjective components of the DAPSA in patients with psoriatic arthritis and comorbid fibromyalgia syndrome.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy in fibromyalgia and the diseases involving the central nervous system.
Assessment of enthesis in patients with psoriatic arthritis and fibromyalgia using clinical examination and ultrasound.
Lepidine B from Lepidium Sativum Seeds as Multi-Functional Anti-Alzheimer \' s Disease Agent: In Vitro and In Silico Studies.
A Comparative Study of 1D Descriptors Supported CoMFA and CoMSIA QSAR Models to Gain Novel Insights into 1,2,4-Triazoles Acting As Antitubercular Agents.
Mechanistic Modeling of Soluble Abeta Dynamics and Target Engagement in the Brain by Anti-Abeta mAbs in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Single heterocyclic compounds as Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitors: From past to present.
An investigation of the mechanism of rapid relief of ulcerative colitis induced by Five-Flavor Sophora flavescens Enteric-Coated Capsules based on network pharmacology.
Additional value of MRI-detected EMVI scoring system in rectal cancer: applicability in predicting synchronous metastasis.
GR-mediated FTO transactivation induces lipid accumulation in hepatocytes via demethylation of m6A on lipogenic mRNAs.
Lemierre \' s syndrome in adulthood, a case report and systematic review.
Safety and activity of radium-223 in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer: the experience of Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori.
Gonococcal urethritis caused by a multidrug resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae strain with high-level resistance to spectinomycin in China.
Oncogenic hsa_circ_0091581 promotes the malignancy of HCC cell through blocking miR-526b from degrading c-MYC mRNA.
Oncogenic role of MIR516A in human bladder cancer was mediated by its attenuating PHLPP2 expression and BECN1-dependent autophagy.
Up-regulated microRNA-411 or declined RIPK1 inhibits proliferation and promotes apoptosis of synoviocytes in rheumatoid arthritis mice via decreased NF-kappaB pathway.
Overall tumor genomic instability: an important predictor of recurrence-free survival in patients with localized clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Plasma cell granuloma of the conjunctiva in a young female.
Methods for detecting toxic alpha-synuclein species as a biomarker for Parkinson \' s disease.
TRAPPing a neurological disorder: from yeast to humans.
Opsoclonus-Myoclonus Syndrome Associated with Herpes Simplex Virus Infection: A Case Report.
Efficacy of an anti-TNF-alpha agent in refractory livedoid vasculopathy: a retrospective analysis.
Light-triggered nanoparticles for pain management.
Off-Label Dermatologic Uses of IL-17 Inhibitors.
Treatment patterns for biologics in ulcerative colitis and Crohn \' s disease: a Danish Nationwide Register Study from 2003 to 2015.
Alzheimer \' s disease: phenotypic approaches using disease models and the targeting of tau protein.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in age-related macular degeneration: melatonin as a potential treatment.
Lipid-based nanoformulations in the treatment of neurological disorders.
Mixed neuropathology in frontotemporal lobar degeneration.
Current and emerging biologics for the treatment of juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Fractional Exhaled Nitric Oxide is Associated with the Severity of Stable COPD.
The effect of acculturation on cognitive performance among older Hispanics in the United States.
Perturbed mitochondrial dynamics, an emerging aspect of epithelial-microbe interactions.
Reduced O-GlcNAcylation and tubular hypoxia contribute to the antifibrotic effect of SGLT2 inhibitor dapagliflozin in the diabetic kidney.
Antithrombotic Therapy in Patients With Prior Stroke/Transient Ischemic Attack and Acute Coronary Syndromes.
 \' Walk a mile in my shoes: \'  African American caregiver perceptions of caregiving and self-care.
[Comparison of progression-free and overall survival between endometrial cancer patients treated with laparoscopic and open surgical techniques].
The relationship between exercise capacity and neutrophil//lymphocyte ratio in patients taken to cardiopulmonary rehabilitation program.
Improving effects of mesenchymal stem cells on symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Bacillus anthracis as a biological warfare agent: infection, diagnosis and countermeasures.
Impedance therapy in rehabilitation of degenerative disc disease.
Fabrication of a Highly Conductive Silk Knitted Composite Scaffold by Two-Step Electrostatic Self-Assembly for Potential Peripheral Nerve Regeneration.
[Progress on clinical treatment of Kummell \' s disease].
[Effect of Tongdu Shujin Decoction () plus Lijin () manipulation on degenerative lumbar spinal stenosis].
[Clinical practice guideline of integrated traditional Chinese and western medicine:atlantoaxial dislocation (AAD) (2019)].
Breaking a single hydrogen bond in the mitochondrial tRNAPhe -PheRS complex leads to phenotypic pleiotropy of human disease.
The de-coders: A historical perspective of the genetic counseling profession.
Genetic counseling of high-risk isolated populations: A worldwide challenge.
Ichthyoses in everyday practice: management of a rare group of diseases.
Delving into the caregiver burden associated basic activity of daily living disability among caregivers of patients with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer \' s disease.
A metabolomics based molecular pathway analysis for how the SGLT2-inhibitor dapagliflozin may slow kidney function decline in patients with diabetes.
Programmed Death Ligand-1 gene expression is a prognostic marker in early breast cancer and provides additional prognostic value to 21-gene and 70-gene signatures in estrogen receptor-positive disease.
Positive lymph node number and extranodal extension for predicting recurrence and survival in patients with salivary gland cancer.
Can the Cardiovascular Risk Reductions Observed with Empagliflozin in the EMPA-REG OUTCOME Trial be Explained by Concomitant Changes Seen in Conventional Cardiovascular Risk Factor Levels?
Laparoscopic high anterior resection for unicentric Castleman \' s disease of the sigmoid mesocolon.
Biology and applications of Clonostachys rosea.
Two \' s company, three \' s a crowd: Exploring how host-parasite-microbiota interactions may influence disease susceptibility and conservation of wildlife.
A novel method of sacral nerve stimulation for colonic inflammation.
Prevalence and characteristics of post-colonoscopy colorectal cancers in a New Zealand regional centre, a 10-year analysis.
A single-centre review of iatrogenic anaemia in adult intensive care.
Transcriptome-wide association study of breast cancer risk by estrogen-receptor status.
Carfilzomib-induced hemolysis is noticeably common but rarely shows features of thrombotic microangiopathy: a retrospective study.
AQP9 suppresses hepatocellular carcinoma cell invasion through inhibition of HIF-1alpha expression under hypoxia.
Ross operation 23 years after surgery: It should not be a "forgotten" option.
Incidence, risk factors and re-exacerbation rate of severe asthma exacerbations in a multinational, multidatabase pediatric cohort study.
Is two-staged repair for truncus arteriosus type A3 unpractical?
Cilofexor, a Nonsteroidal FXR Agonist, in Non-Cirrhotic Patients with Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis: A Phase 2 Randomized Controlled Trial.
Clinical and histologic presentation of pediatric reactive granulomatous dermatitis.
What risks should be permissible in controlled human infection model studies?
Glucose challenge metabolomics implicates the change of organic acid profiles in hyperlipidemia subjects.
Yansuanmalingua inhibits replication of type 2 porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus via activating the caspase-8 apoptosis pathway.
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) and neonate: What neonatologist need to know.
HIV-1 Genetic Diversity and Transmitted Drug Resistance among Newly Diagnosed HIV-1 Individuals in Jiangmen, China.
Differentiated thyroid cancer and Hashimoto thyroiditis: Utility of the Afirma gene expression classifier.
West Nile neuroinvasive disease. Report of 4 cases in Northern Greece, 2018.
Risk factors for gastroschisis: A case-control study in a Brazilian population.
Recovery from infection is more likely to favor the evolution of migration than social escape from infection.
Defects in long chain 3-hydroxy acyl-CoA dehydrogenase lead to hepatocellular carcinoma: A novel etiology of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Echinococcus granulosus in the Northern Territory, Australia: hydatid disease reported in beef cattle from the region.
Cerebrospinal meningitis: a global disease with regional variability?
Myoclonus-dystonia (DYT11, DYT-SGCE) - a channelopathy?
In silico analysis of a novel causative mutation in Cadherin23 gene identified in an Omani family with hearing loss.
Clinical features, diagnosis and treatment of Paget \' s disease of bone in mainland China: A systematic review.
Cutaneous Vasculitis with Gut Involvement During Secukinumab Treatment for Psoriatic Arthritis.
Effects of exercise training combined with psychological intervention compared to exercise training alone in prediabetes subjects.
Circulating let-7g-5p and miR-191-5p are independent predictors of chronic kidney disease in hypertensive patients.
Inflammatory Bowel Diseases in South Asian Patients: Underappreciated and Understudied.
A systematic review and meta analysis of paediatric inflammatory bowel disease incidence and prevalence across Europe.
Effect of Emodin on Coxsackievirus B3m mediated-Encephalitis in Hand, Foot and Mouth Disease by inhibiting Toll-Like Receptor 3 pathway in vitro and in vivo.
Navigating the Intersection Between Persistent Pain and the Opioid Crisis: Population Health Perspectives for Physical Therapy.
Hormonal profiles of menstrual bleeding patterns during the luteal-follicular transition.
South Asian Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Disease in the United States Demonstrate More Fistulizing and Perianal Crohn Phenotype.
Usefulness of surgical treatment for asymptomatic patients with extra-peritoneal desmoid-type fibromatosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The Prevalence and Burden of Non-AIDS Comorbidities among Women living with or at-risk for HIV Infection in the United States.
Changing contact patterns over disease progression: Nipah virus as a case study.
Definitive radiation therapy in patients with unresectable desmoid tumors: a systematic review.
Subclinical atherosclerosis is associated with incident atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Visceral Fat Accumulation Is Associated with Mild Cognitive Impairment in Community-Dwelling Older Japanese Women.
A Multicenter Study of Multimorbidity in Older Adult Inpatients in China.
Establishment of a Risk Prediction Model for Mild Cognitive Impairment among Elderly Chinese.
Interleukin-1beta Regulates Lipid Homeostasis in Human Glomerular Mesangial Cells.
Obesity, adipose tissue, and bariatric surgery.
Pediatric penetrating keratoplasty and graft rejection: experience at the Hospital Infantil de Mexico Federico Gomez.
A Multi-Modality Treatment of Retroperitoneal De-Differentiated Liposarcoma.
[Metabolic Alteration in Aging Process: Metabolic Remodeling in White Adipose Tissue by Caloric Restriction].
[Multidisciplinary Approach to Aging: Future Trends].
Examination of the efficient HIV confirmatory testing protocol using HIV-1/2 antibody differentiation assay.
Molecular Epidemiology of Dengue Viruses Isolated in Shantou city, China, during 2015-2017.
Risk of seasonal influenza by occupation in a railway company in a metropolitan area of Japan during three influenza seasons.
ALK2: A Therapeutic Target for Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva and Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma.
IgG4-type Multiple Myeloma with Diffuse Enlargement of the Thyroid Requiring Differentiation from IgG4-related Disease.
Successful Introduction of Peritoneal Dialysis in an End-stage Renal Failure Patient with Idiopathic Aplastic Anemia.
Beneficial Effects of Ipragliflozin on the Renal Function and Serum Uric Acid Levels in Japanese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized, 12-week, Open-label, Active-controlled Trial.
Trimethylamine-N-oxide Specifically Impairs Endothelium-Derived Hyperpolarizing Factor-Type Relaxation in Rat Femoral Artery.
circACTR2: A Novel Mechanism Regulating High Glucose-Induced Fibrosis in Renal Tubular Cells via Pyroptosis.
Kaempferol Protects Renal Fibrosis through Activating the BMP-7-Smad1/5 Signaling Pathway.
Edaravone Protects against Pancreatic and Intestinal Injury after Acute Pancreatitis via Nuclear Factor-kappaB Signaling in Mice.
Inhibitory Effects of Indirubin-3 \' -oxime Derivatives on Lipid Accumulation in 3T3-L1 Cells.
Gastrodin Inhibits H2O2-Induced Ferroptosis through Its Antioxidative Effect in Rat Glioma Cell Line C6.
Protective Effect of Saponins-Enriched Fraction of Gynostemma pentaphyllum against High Choline-Induced Vascular Endothelial Dysfunction and Hepatic Damage in Mice.
Resveratrol Attenuates Inflammatory Bowel Disease in Mice by Regulating SUMO1.
Anti-obesity Effect of Fermented Persimmon Extracts via Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
Drug Repositioning and Target Finding Based on Clinical Evidence.
Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Arising from the Lesion of Chronic Lobar Atelectasis.
Fibrinolytic Activity of Circulating Microvesicles Is Associated with Progression of Breast Cancer.
Variants of Lipid-Related Genes in Adult Japanese Patients with Severe Hypertriglyceridemia.
[Pathogenic roles of retinal glia in glaucoma].
The Effect of Dapagliflozin Treatment on Epicardial Adipose Tissue Volume and P-Wave Indices: An Ad-hoc Analysis of The Previous Randomized Clinical Trial.
Resting Heart Rate and In-Hospital Mortality in Acute Ischemic Stroke Patients With and Without Atrial Fibrillation.
The Seed Coat Extract of Black Soybean Decreases Nicotine-Induced Vascular Fiber Degradation by Suppressing Matrix Metalloproteinase 2 Expression.
Dose Effect of Bovine Lactoferrin Fortification on Iron Metabolism of Anemic Infants.
Efficacy of Chinese prescription Kangen-karyu for patient with metabolic syndrome.
Robotic assisted carotid artery stenting for the treatment of symptomatic carotid disease: technical feasibility and preliminary results.
Graft-versus-host Disease Complicated by Sequential Septic Arthritis and Osteomyelitis.
Association of Poverty Income Ratio with Physical Functioning in a Cohort of Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Serum microRNA signature as a diagnostic and therapeutic marker in patients with psoriatic arthritis.
Nephrogenic Systemic Fibrosis Risk Assessment and Skin Biopsy Quantification in Patients with Renal Disease following Gadobenate Contrast Administration.
Fractional Flow on TOF-MRA as a Measure of Stroke Risk in Children with Intracranial Arterial Stenosis.
High Intravascular Signal Arterial Transit Time Artifacts Have Negligible Effects on Cerebral Blood Flow and Cerebrovascular Reserve Capacity Measurement Using Single Postlabel Delay Arterial Spin-Labeling in Patients with Moyamoya Disease.
Thrombopoietin receptor agonists for the treatment of inherited thrombocytopenia.
100-Year Old Haematologica Images: Di Guglielmo Disease or Pure Erythroid Leukemia.
Coordination of germ layer lineage choice by TET1 during primed pluripotency.
Pattern of Rheumatic valvular involvement and its contribution towards valvular malfunction in young adults
PET/CT in Disease Detection and Follow-up of Subcutaneous Involvement in Marginal Zone Lymphoma.
Residual risk for coronary heart disease events and mortality despite intensive medical management after myocardial infarction.
Glucose ingestion in cystic fibrosis induces severe redox imbalance: A potential role in diabetes.
Cystic Fibrosis Foundation consensus guidelines for the care of individuals with advanced cystic fibrosis lung disease.
Gastric sarcoidosis: Rare revealing feature of systemic sarcoidosis.
[Urban air pollution and hospital admissions for asthma and acute respiratory disease in Murcia city (Spain)].
The Low-Risk TAVI Trials for Severe Aortic Stenosis: Future Implications for Australian and New Zealand Heart Teams.
Controversies and advances in adrenal venous sampling in the diagnostic workup of primary aldosteronism.
Adrenocortical hyperplasia: A multifaceted disease.
A robust and semi-automatic quantitative measurement of patellofemoral instability based on four dimensional computed tomography.
Developmental origins of health and disease theory in cardiology.
Setting a research agenda for vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome using a patient and stakeholder engagement model.
Surgeon experience association with patient selection and outcomes after open abdominal aortic aneurysm repair.
Postoperative delirium after reconstructive surgery for oral tumor: a retrospective clinical study.
New Applications in Echocardiography for Ultrasound Contrast Agents in the 21st Century.
Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia, two new cases with peculiar EEG pattern.
Cost-effectiveness of inactivated influenza vaccination in children with medical risk conditions in the Netherlands.
The protective efficacy of recombinant hypoxic response protein 1 of Nocardia seriolae in largemouth bass (Micropterus salmoides).
Meningococcal carriage in young adults six years after meningococcal C conjugate (MCC) vaccine catch-up campaign in Salvador, Brazil.
Evaluation and management of pulmonary hypertension in the emergency department setting.
Impact of a gluten-free diet on patients with celiac disease, nonceliac gluten sensitivity, and asymptomatic controls.
Case Reports: Challenging Euthanasia Cases.
Presence or Absence of Skeletal Muscle Dysfunction in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease is Associated With Distinct Phenotypes.
Dawn of a New RAMPage.
Comparing the effects of different management strategies on long-term outcomes for significant coronary stenosis in patients with Takayasu arteritis.
Transition protocol from subcutaneous treprostinil to intravenous epoprostenol in deteriorating patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Clinical and therapeutic features of pediatric Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada disease.
[Indications for fluorescein angiography and optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) in medical retina: Changes from 2015 and 2018].
Collaborative Ocular Tuberculosis Study Consensus Guidelines on the Management of Tubercular Uveitis-Report 1: Guidelines for Initiating Antitubercular Therapy in Tubercular Choroiditis.
Comprehensive TCR repertoire analysis of CD4+ T-cell subsets in rheumatoid arthritis.
Neurophysiological mechanisms and outcomes of nonpharmacologic interventions for neurological disease or injury: Introduction to special issue.
Erratum to "Timing in combination with radiotherapy and patterns of disease progression in non-small cell lung cancer treated with EGFR-TKI" [Lung Cancer, 140 (February) (2020) 65-70].
Technical and Theoretic Limitations of the Experimental Evidence Supporting a Gut Bacterial Etiology in Mental Illness.
National trends in palliative care use among older adults with cardiopulmonary and malignant conditions.
Pediatric Kidney Transplantation in Peru: A Single-Center Initial Experience.
Maternal and perinatal outcomes of pregnancies in systemic lupus erythematosus: A nationwide population-based study.
Neurological manifestations of autoinflammatory diseases in Chinese adult patients.
Fertility-sparing surgery and reproductive-outcomes in patients with borderline ovarian tumors.
[Seronegative antiphospholipid syndrome: Myth or reality?]
From the shadows of death into the light of acceptance: A lived experience of patients with HIV-AIDS.
Hearing the unheard: Amplifying the voices of relatives with critically-ill patients in intensive care unit.
Kainic acid-induced seizures in the common marmoset.
Attenuation of experimental autoimmune uveoretinitis in mice by IKKbeta inhibitor IMD-0354.
Retrotransposon activation by distressed mitochondria in neurons.
Induced pluripotency and spontaneous reversal of cellular aging in supercentenarian donor cells.
Cardiac Rehabilitation and Secondary Prevention Roundtable: Australian Implementation and Research Priorities.
Short-term effects of fixed orthodontic appliance on concentrations of mutans streptococci and persister cells in adolescents.
Falls Risk and Alzheimer Disease: A Patient Guide.
The Effect of Intermittent Hemodialysis on the Hematological and Serum Biochemistry Profile in Dogs With Chronic Kidney Disease.
Ultrasonographic Evaluation of Uterine Stump Size in Ovariohysterectomized Dogs Receiving Estriol Compared to Control Dogs.
Complex Regional Pain Syndrome.
The Opioid Epidemic.
Proteomic alteration of albumen by dietary vanadium in commercial egg-type layers.
Co-infection with avian hepatitis E virus and avian leukosis virus subgroup J as the cause of an outbreak of hepatitis and liver hemorrhagic syndromes in a brown layer chicken flock in China.
Early-life programming of adipose tissue.
Attach importance to the procedure of deriving reproduction numbers from compartmental models: Letter to the editor in response to  \' Seasonality of the transmissibility of hand, foot and mouth disease: a modelling study in Xiamen City, China \' .
Letter to the editor in response to  \' Seasonality of the transmissibility of hand, foot and mouth disease: a modelling study in Xiamen City, China \' .
The fight against lymphatic filariasis: perceptions of community drug distributors during mass drug administration in coastal Kenya.
Epigenome-wide meta-analysis of blood DNA methylation in newborns and children identifies numerous loci related to gestational age.
Defervescent dengue patients might be a potential source of infection for vector mosquitoes.
The effectiveness of frequent antibiotic use in reducing the risk of infection-related hospital admissions: results from two large population-based cohorts.
Prevalence and incidence of nodding syndrome and other forms of epilepsy in onchocerciasis-endemic areas in northern Uganda after the implementation of onchocerciasis control measures.
Australian vaccine preventable disease epidemiological review series: invasive Haemophilus influenzae type b disease, 2000-2017.
Australian Gonococcal Surveillance Programme Annual Report, 2018.
How visiting nurses detect symptoms of disease progression in patients with chronic heart failure.
The safety of modern intravenous iron infusions in patients with rheumatoid arthritis - a review of the literature.
Community Partnership in Response to Hoarding Disorder in Montreal.
Migraine With Aura as Early Disease Marker in Hereditary Dutch-Type Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy.
Prognosis and Reclassification by YKL-40 in Stable Coronary Artery Disease.
Socioeconomic Factors, Secondary Prevention Medication, and Long-Term Survival After Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting: A Population-Based Cohort Study From the SWEDEHEART Registry.
Effect of Evolocumab on Non-High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol, Apolipoprotein B, and Lipoprotein(a): A Pooled Analysis of Phase 2 and Phase 3 Studies.
Trends in Acute Myocardial Infarction by Race and Ethnicity.
Circulating Fatty Acids and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease and Stroke: Individual Participant Data Meta-Analysis in Up to 16 126 Participants.
Cardiac Biomarkers and Subsequent Risk of Hospitalization With Bleeding in the Community: Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
A New Experimental Evidence that Olfactory Bulb Lesion may be a causative factor for Substantia Nigra Degeneration; Preliminary Study.
Serum levels of inflammatory cytokines in patients with idiopathic carpal tunnel syndrome.
Elevated Blood Pressure in Childhood or Adolescence and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Adulthood: A Systematic Review.
Antihypertensive and Renal Mechanisms of SGLT2 (Sodium-Glucose Linked Transporter 2) Inhibitors.
Myocardial Edema, Myocyte Injury, and Disease Severity in Fabry Disease.
Correlations between radiological classification systems and confirmed cartilage loss in severe knee osteoarthritis.
Risk factors for surgery due to rotator cuff disease in a population-based cohort.
Factors affecting the outcomes of tibiotalocalcaneal fusion.
Evidence from Family Studies for Autoimmunity in Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Cardiomyopathy: Associations of Circulating Anti-Heart and Anti-Intercalated Disk Autoantibodies with Disease Severity and Family History.
Nursing research in congenital heart disease has grown up.
Immediate Effect of Fan Therapy in Terminal Cancer With Dyspnea at Rest: A Meta-Analysis.
Classical methods and perspectives for manipulating the human gut microbial ecosystem.
Coronary stents decorated by Heparin/NONOate nanoparticles for anticoagulant and endothelialized effects.
A Chinese Case of COVID-19 Did Not Show Infectivity During the Incubation Period: Based on an Epidemiological Survey.
[Advances in the research of cytokine storm mechanism induced by Corona Virus Disease 2019 and the corresponding immunotherapies].
Manipulated Mesenchymal Stem Cells Applications in Neurodegenerative Diseases.
[Advances in the research of cold atmosphere plasma in the treatment of chronic wounds].
[Effects of dendritic epidermal T cells on proliferation and apoptosis of epidermal cells in wound margin of mice].
Higher risk for all-cause mortality of Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia in patients with non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease.
Regulation of cancer-immunity cycle and tumor microenvironment by nanobiomaterials to enhance tumor immunotherapy.
Intraocular pharmacokinetics of anti-vascular endothelial growth factor agents by intraoperative subretinal versus intravitreal injection in silicone oil-filled eyes of proliferative diabetic retinopathy: a randomized controlled pilot study.
Tissue age, orchard location and disease management influence the composition of fungal and bacterial communities present on the bark of apple trees.
Population structure and adaptation of a bacterial pathogen in California grapevines.
Omega-3 fatty acids for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Farm animals and aquaculture: significant reservoirs of mobile colistin resistance genes.
National Surgical, Obstetric, and Anesthesia Plans: Bridging the Cardiac Surgery Gap.
TAVI in Patients with Mitral Annular Calcification and/or Mitral Stenosis.
Rapid Response in Type A Aortic Dissection: Is There a Decisive Time Interval for Surgical Repair?
Neutrophils are mediators of metastatic prostate cancer progression in bone.
Extracellular Trap by Blood Cells: Clinical Implications.
Is tubal endometriosis an asymmetric disease? A 17-year retrospective study.
Renal biopsy in very elderly patients (over 80 years): clinical presentation, histological diagnosis, and long-term outcome.
Gliomatosis cerebri (GC) or GC-like? A picture to be reconsidered in neuro-oncology based on large retrospective analysis of GC series.
Time to disease recurrence in noninfectious uveitis following long-acting injectable fluocinolone acetonide implant.
Estrogen and Bisphenol A in Hypertension.
The impact of trisomy 21 on epidemiology, management, and outcomes of congenital duodenal obstruction: a population-based study.
Effect of Golimumab Dose Escalation in Japanese Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis: Post-Hoc Analysis of Post-Marketing Surveillance Data.
Genetic determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study in two independent populations.
Effect of Delirium on Physical Function in Noncardiac Thoracic Surgery Patients.
Immunohistochemistry of mammary Paget \' s disease. Cytokeratin 7, GATA3, and HER2 are sensitive markers.
The management of prehypertension in young adults.
The Role of Urinary Calcium and Chitotriosidase in a Cohort of Chronic Sarcoidosis Patients.
Effects of Sleep-Related Disorders on the Prognosis of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Global Mapping of Interventions to Improve Quality of Life of Patients with Alzheimer \' s Disease during 1990-2018.
Effects of Grape Seed Proanthocyanidin Extract on Obesity.
Neurosurgery residency program in Yogyakarta, Indonesia: improving neurosurgical care distribution to reduce inequality.
Development and assessment of competency-based neurotrauma course curriculum for international neurosurgery residents and neurosurgeons.
Occurrence of spinal extradural arachnoid cysts in a child with concomitant intracranial midline abnormalities: case report.
Clinical outcomes of globus pallidus deep brain stimulation for Parkinson disease: a comparison of intraoperative MRI- and MER-guided lead placement.
Diagnostic accuracy of CT scan-based criteria compared with surgical exploration for the analysis of cervical fusion and nonunion.
Surgical options in treating patients with primary hyperparathyroidism.
Contemporary issues in severe aortic stenosis: review of current and future strategies from the Contemporary Outcomes after Surgery and Medical Treatment in Patients with Severe Aortic Stenosis registry.
Comparison of incidence rates and risk factors of heart failure between two male cohorts born 30 years apart.
Interstitial lung disease is a risk factor for ischaemic heart disease and myocardial infarction.
Patient-reported outcomes at discontinuation of anti-angiogenesis therapy in the randomized trial of chemotherapy with bevacizumab for advanced cervical cancer: an NRG Oncology Group study.
Rare genetic variants in interleukin-37 link this anti-inflammatory cytokine to the pathogenesis and treatment of gout.
Elevated EPSTI1 promote B cell hyperactivation through NF-kappaB signalling in patients with primary Sjogren \' s syndrome.
Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic stent-shunt in the management of portal hypertension.
Randomized phase II study of the Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitor acalabrutinib, alone or with pembrolizumab in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer.
Salvage ipilimumab associated with a significant response in sarcomatoid renal cell carcinoma.
TriMix and tumor antigen mRNA electroporated dendritic cell vaccination plus ipilimumab: link between T-cell activation and clinical responses in advanced melanoma.
T-cell lymphoma secondary to checkpoint inhibitor therapy.
Deficient serum furin predicts risk of abdominal obesity: findings from a prospective cohort of Chinese adults.
H2FPEF score predicts 1-year rehospitalisation of patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.
Sport Medicine Diagnostic Coding System (SMDSC) and the Orchard Sports Injury and Illness Classification System (OSIICS): revised 2020 consensus versions.
Role of the DNA repair genes H2AX and HMGB1 in human fat distribution and lipid profiles.
Neonatal BCG vaccination and child survival in TB-exposed and TB-unexposed children: a prospective cohort study.
Medroxyprogesterone acetate plus metformin for fertility-sparing treatment of atypical endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial carcinoma: trial protocol for a prospective, randomised, open, blinded-endpoint design, dose-response trial (FELICIA trial).
Study protocol of a randomised controlled trial of prostate radiotherapy in high-risk and node-positive disease comparing moderate and extreme hypofractionation (PRIME TRIAL).
Household food insecurity among patients with pulmonary tuberculosis and its associated factors in South India: a cross-sectional analysis.
Care of the patient with invasive meningococcal disease by prehospital emergency medical service clinicians: a scoping review.
Prediction of caregiver burden in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a machine learning approach using random forests applied to a cohort study.
Influence of KCNJ11 gene polymorphism in T2DM of south Indian population.
G82S RAGE polymorphism is associated with Alzheimer \' s disease.
Epigenetic regulation as a promising tool for treatment of atherosclerosis.
Beneficial effect of ivabradine against cardiovascular diseases.
Recent advances in the diagnosis of leptospirosis.
Protein kinases as antituberculosis targets: The case of thymidylate kinases.
Role of reactive oxygen species and iron in host defense against infection.
Molecular basis of pathogenic parasitic infections: insights from parasite kinome.
Protein kinases as potential anticandidal drug targets.
Molecular insights into kinase mediated signaling pathways of chemokines and their cognate G protein coupled receptors.
Phytoconstituents as novel osteo-protective agents: Implications in bone health.
Inhibition of p-mTOR represses transcription of PS1 and Notch 1-signaling.
Low-cost preventive screening using carotid ultrasound in patients with diabetes.
The role of exosomes in the promotion of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and metastasis.
The central role of endothelium in hereditary angioedema due to C1 inhibitor deficiency.
Complex human adenoid tissue-based ex vivo culture systems reveal anti-inflammatory drug effects on germinal center T and B cells.
Autophagy in endothelial cells regulates their haematopoiesis-supporting ability.
Enhanced O-linked Glcnacylation in Crohn \' s disease promotes intestinal inflammation.
Focal alterations of the callosal area III in primary lateral sclerosis: An MRI planimetry and texture analysis.
Clinical and immunological differences between MOG associated disease and anti AQP4 antibody-positive neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders: Blood-brain barrier breakdown and peripheral plasmablasts.
Thinking about the microbiome as a causal factor in human health and disease: philosophical and experimental considerations.
Multimorbidity and short-term overall mortality among colorectal cancer patients in Spain: A population-based cohort study.
A COX-2/sEH dual inhibitor PTUPB ameliorates cecal ligation and puncture-induced sepsis in mice via anti-inflammation and anti-oxidative stress.
Huang-Qi San improves glucose and lipid metabolism and exerts protective effects against hepatic steatosis in high fat diet-fed rats.
Exposure to heavy metals and its association with DNA oxidative damage in municipal waste incinerator workers in Shenzhen, China.
Apparent diffusion coefficients for predicting primary cholesteatoma risk of recurrence after surgical clearance.
An induced pluripotent stem cell line (TRNDi001-D) from a Niemann-Pick disease type C1 (NPC1) patient carrying a homozygous p. I1061T (c. 3182T&gt;C) mutation in the NPC1 gene.
Efficacy and safety of necitumumab and pembrolizumab combination therapy in patients with Stage IV non-small cell lung cancer.
A novel SOS1-ALK fusion variant in a patient with metastatic lung adenocarcinoma and a remarkable response to crizotinib.
Curcumin mediates attenuation of pro-inflammatory interferon gamma and interleukin 17 cytokine responses in psoriatic disease, strengthening its role as a dietary immunosuppressant.
Automated delineation of the clinical target volume using anatomically constrained 3D expansion of the gross tumor volume.
The expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase in the gingiva of rats with periodontitis and diabetes mellitus.
Selected cytokine expression in dogs with alergic conjunctivitis: Correlation with disease activity.
Silica particles disorganize the polarization of pulmonary macrophages in mice.
Bacterial diversity and functional profile of microbial populations on surfaces in public hospital environments in South Africa: A high throughput metagenomic analysis.
Ambient air pollution and gestational diabetes mellitus: A review of evidence from biological mechanisms to population epidemiology.
Clinical Factors and Outcomes of Octogenarians Receiving Curative Surgery for Esophageal Cancer.
Suicidal behavior in treatment resistant major depressive disorder patients treated with transmagnetic stimulation(TMS) and its relationship with cognitive functions.
Ending Tuberculosis by 2030 -pipe dream or reality?
Nontuberculous Mycobacterial Infections - a neglected and emerging problem.
Towards more accurate 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (18F-FDG PET) imaging in Active and Latent Tuberculosis.
First evidence of concurrent enzootic and endemic transmission of Ross River virus in the absence of marsupial reservoirs in Fiji.
Tools to implement the WHO End TB Strategy: Addressing common challenges in high and low endemic countries.
Human papillomavirus prevalence and risk factors among HIV-negative and HIV-positive women residing in rural Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Comparison of different samples for 2019 novel coronavirus detection by nucleic acid amplification tests.
Is the EU model for contact investigation applicable to high TB burden settings?
The ontogenetic path of human dendritic cells.
Simultaneous quantification of coproporphyrin-I and 3-carboxy-4-methyl-5-propyl-2-furanpropanoic acid in human plasma using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry.
Double triggers, nasal induction of a Parkinson \' s disease mouse model.
Novel monoclonal antibody 3B8 specifically recognizes pyroglutamate-modified amyloid beta 3-42 peptide in brain of AD patients and 3xTg-AD transgenic mice.
Multivessel arterial revascularization via left anterior thoracotomy.
Complex network analysis of MCI-AD EEG signals under cognitive and resting state.
Integrated infection control strategy to minimize nosocomial infection of corona virus disease 2019 among ENT healthcare workers.
Intensive care unit and acute care unit length of stay following congenital heart surgery.
Surgical resection of an adventitial cyst of the right brachiocephalic vein.
Cor Triatriatum sinister (Divided Left Atrium): histopathological features and clinical management.
Morphological Analysis of Congenital Heart Disease with Anomalous Tracheobronchial Arborization.
Donepezil, a cholinesterase inhibitor used in Alzheimer \' s disease therapy, is actively exported out of the brain by abcb1ab p-glycoproteins in mice.
MM2 cortical form of sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease without progressive dementia and akinetic mutism: A case deviating from current diagnostic criteria.
Oral Lichen Planus-Associated Oral Cavity Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is Associated With Improved Survival and Increased Risk of Recurrence.
Seasonality and risk factors for myxomatosis in pet rabbits in Great Britain.
Effect of amyloid toxicity or chronic cerebral hypoperfusion on brain insulin resistance in a rat model with intracerebroventricular streptozotocin.
Novel CCM1 (KRIT1) mutation detection in Brazilian familial Cerebral cavernous malformation: Different genetic variants in inflammation, oxidative stress and drug metabolism genes affect disease aggressiveness.
Association between Dry Eye and Depressive Symptoms: Large-Scale Crowdsourced Research Using the DryEyeRhythm iPhone Application.
ASSESSING THE UNIFIED AIRWAY HYPOTHESIS IN CHILDREN VIA TRANSCRIPTIONAL PROFILING OF THE AIRWAY EPITHELIUM.
Balance impairment and effectiveness of exercise intervention in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease-a systematic review.
The Value of PET-CT in Ovarian Epithelial Carcinoma: A Population-Based Study in British Columbia, Canada.
Characterization of the effects of calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonist for Alzheimer \' s disease.
Serotonin (5-HT) neuron-specific inactivation of Cadherin-13 impacts 5-HT system formation and cognitive function.
Nanotechnology approaches in the current therapy of skin cancer.
Detection of pyrrolizidine alkaloids in jamu available on the Indonesian market and accompanying safety assessment for human consumption.
Inhalation therapy devices for the treatment of obstructive lung diseases: the history of inhalers towards the ideal inhaler.
European interdisciplinary guideline on invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin: Part 2. Treatment.
Global, regional and national burden of pancreatic cancer, 1990 to 2017: Results from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2017.
Patient-derived xenograft model engraftment predicts poor prognosis after surgery in patients with pancreatic cancer.
Analysis of bronchoalveolar lavage samples collected from 30 patients with drug-induced pneumonitis.
Revascularization Options for Females With Multivessel Coronary Artery Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
BASILICA for a Degenerated Self-Expanding Transcatheter Heart Valve: Structural Considerations for Supra-Annular Prosthetic Leaflets.
Ambulatory oxygen in fibrotic ILD: a pilot, randomised, triple-blinded, sham-controlled trial.
The alterations of mitochondrial DNA in coronary heart disease.
Natural killer cells in multiple sclerosis: a review.
Antitachycardia Pacing for Shock Prevention in Patients with Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy and Ventricular Tachycardia.
Disease Progression in Patients With Hepatitis C Virus Infection Treated With Direct-acting Antiviral Agents.
A User \' s Guide to Novel Therapies for Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Ulcerative jejunitis in refractory celiac disease diagnosed on capsule endoscopy.
Statin use improves survival in patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: A meta-analysis.
Candida bloodstream infection in patients with systemic autoimmune diseases.
CEAP classification system and reporting standard, revision 2020.
Insulin degludec allows for better glycaemic control with a lower risk of hypoglycaemia in patients with chronic kidney disease and type 2 diabetes.
alpha-Synuclein fibrillation products trigger the release of hexokinase I from mitochondria: Protection by curcumin, and possible role in pathogenesis of Parkinson \' s disease.
Discovery of sulfonamides and 9-oxo-2,8-diazaspiro[5,5]undecane-2-carboxamides as human kynurenine aminotransferase 2 (KAT2) inhibitors.
Anilinopyrazines as potential mitochondrial uncouplers.
Discovery of 4-((1-(1H-imidazol-2-yl)alkoxy)methyl)pyridines as a new class of Trypanosoma cruzi growth inhibitors.
Additive effect of leflunomide and glucocorticoids compared with glucocorticoids monotherapy in preventing relapse of IgG4-related disease: A randomized clinical trial.
Characteristics of pediatric Behcet \' s disease in Turkey and Israel: A cross-sectional cohort comparison.
Is there a bidirectional association between rheumatoid arthritis and periodontitis? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Androgen deprivation therapy in patients with localized disease: Comparison with curative intent treatments and time to castration resistance. Results of the Spanish Prostate Cancer Registry.
Histopathological Evaluation of Mechanoreceptors in the Metatarsophalangeal Joint Capsule in Hallux Valgus.
Robust, 3-Dimensional Visualization of Human Colon Enteric Nervous System Without Tissue Sectioning.
First case of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pneumonia in Taiwan.
Effect of liraglutide therapy on serum fetuin A in patients with type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
A genetic variant in the promoter region of miR-877 is associated with an increased risk of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Colorectal family polyadenomatous diseases. What management in 2019?
Fetal cardiac interventions: Where do we stand?
Lipoprotein(a) Particle Number Assay Without Error from Apolipoprotein(a) Size Isoforms.
Cytodiagnosis and protein typing of amyloid from a vitreous washing: initial diagnostic workup of hereditary amyloidosis.
CT-Guided Percutaneous Drainage Catheter Placement in the Abdomen and Pelvis: Predictors of Outcome and Protocol for Follow-up.
Very High Frequency of LDLR Gene Mutation p.asp360His Causing Familial Hypercholesterolemia in a Mexican Community in the state of Puebla.
Short communication: Virulence profiles of Staphylococcus aureus isolated from bulk tank milk and adherences on milking equipment on Chilean dairy farms.
A Phase II Study of Pembrolizumab in Combination With Palliative Radiotherapy for Hormone Receptor-positive Metastatic Breast Cancer.
Alpha modified temporalis transfer technique for facial paralysis in elderly patients.
Prevalence and Impact of Underlying Diagnosis and Comorbidities on Chiari 1 Malformation.
Immunotherapy Approaches for Pediatric CNS Tumors and Associated Neurotoxicity.
The epidemiology and pathogenesis of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak.
Risk of Infection in Trigger Finger Release Surgery Following Corticosteroid Injection.
Medication Use During Lactation: Either a Potential Contributor to Premature Weaning or Evidence-based Support of the Mother/Child Couplet.
Seroepidemiology of hepatitis viruses, measles, mumps, rubella and varicella among healthcare workers and students: Should we screen before vaccination?
Effect of antiresorptive and bone forming treatments in bone erosions in rheumatoid arthritis.
Update of the Spanish registry of haemoglobinopathies in children and adults.
Effects of Renal Transplantation and Hemodialysis on Patient \' s General Health Perception and Oral Health-Related Quality of Life: A Single-Center Cross-Sectional Study.
Update on bradykinin-mediated angioedema in 2020.
Pharmacovigilance and drug-induced rare diseases: Strengths of the French Network of Regional Pharmacovigilance Centres.
Patients \'  organizations in rare diseases and involvement in drug information: Illustrations with LMC France, the French Association of Chronic Myeloid leukemia.
Small molecule TCS21311 can replace BMP7 and facilitate cell proliferation in in vitro expansion culture of nephron progenitor cells.
Circular RNA circ-RELL1 regulates inflammatory response by miR-6873-3p/MyD88/NF-kappaB axis in endothelial cells.
Higher incidence of metabolic syndrome components in vitiligo patients: a prospective cross-sectional study.
SPTB related spherocytosis in a three-generation family presenting with kidney failure in adulthood due to co-occurrence of UMOD disease causing variant.
Identification of a pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) patient cohort and study of its burden of illness in Programme de Medicalisation des Systemes d \' information (PMSI).
Camptodactlyly in Pediatric Practice: Blau Syndrome.
Serial Measurements of N-Terminal Pro-B-Type Natriuretic Peptide Serum Level for Monitoring Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension in Children.
The B7-H4 gene induces immune escape partly via upregulating the PD-1/Stat3 pathway in non-small cell lung cancer.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Deuteration against Neurodegeneration.
Apolipoprotein A-I concentrations and risk of coronary artery disease: A Mendelian randomization study.
[Use of targeting therapy in Erdheim-Chester disease: A case report with neurologic involvement].
[Do have patients with "Hashimoto disease" to be operated on? A critical reading of The Norvegian Trial Surgery Study, a prospective randomized investigation published in Annals of Internal Medicine (2019)].
Evaluation of Efficacy Endpoints for a Phase IIb Study of a Respiratory Syncytial Virus Vaccine in Older Adults Using Patient-Reported Outcomes With Laboratory Confirmation.
Comparison of Different Case-Crossover Variants in Handling Exposure-Time Trend or Persistent-User Bias: Using Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitors and the Risk of Heart Failure as an Example.
Trends and Factors Associated With Insurer Approval of Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin Type 9 Inhibitor Prescriptions.
Development and diagnostic validation of an ELISA based on an antigenic mixture for the detection of bovine tuberculosis.
Evaluation of novel multiplex qPCR assays for diagnosis of pathogens associated with the bovine respiratory disease complex.
Engaging Nutrition and Diet for Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary Prevention of Kidney Disease: The World Kidney Day 2020.
Systemic sclerosis-associated interstitial lung disease.
Challenges in evidence-based therapy for systemic sclerosis associated interstitial lung disease.
Ionic liquid decorated AIE luminogen for selective detection of HSA in biofluids and early disease screening.
Electrochemical genosensor for Klotho detection based on aliphatic and aromatic thiols self-assembled monolayers.
Screening for diabetic retinopathy: new perspectives and challenges.
Kidney Health for Everyone Everywhere - From prevention to detection and equitable access to care.
Looming threat of COVID-19 infection in Africa: act collectively, and fast.
Secondary attack rate and superspreading events for SARS-CoV-2.
Identifying inequities in an urban Latin American population: a cross-sectional study in Australian primary health care.
Efficacy of a novel oral chewable tablet containing sarolaner, moxidectin and pyrantel (Simparica Trio ) against natural flea and tick infestations on dogs presented as veterinary patients in Europe.
Efficacy of orally administered combination of moxidectin, sarolaner and pyrantel (Simparica Trio ) for the prevention of experimental Angiostrongylus vasorum infection in dogs.
Efficacy of a new oral chewable tablet containing sarolaner, moxidectin and pyrantel (Simparica Trio ) against induced ascarid infections in dogs.
Taste disorder in facial onset sensory and motor neuronopathy: a case report.
Evaluation of the speed of kill of a novel orally administered combination product containing sarolaner, moxidectin and pyrantel (Simparica Trio ) against induced infestations of Ixodes scapularis on dogs.
Efficacy of Simparica Trio , a novel chewable tablet containing sarolaner, moxidectin and pyrantel, against induced hookworm infections in dogs.
Field efficacy and safety of a novel oral chewable tablet containing sarolaner, moxidectin and pyrantel (Simparica Trio ) against naturally acquired gastrointestinal nematode infections in dogs presented as veterinary patients in Europe and the USA.
Efficacy of a novel chewable tablet containing sarolaner, moxidectin and pyrantel (Simparica Trio ) against four common tick species infesting dogs in Europe.
Differential effects of Chinese high-fat dietary habits on lipid metabolism: mechanisms and health implications.
Assessment of speech impairment in patients with Parkinson \' s disease from acoustic quantifications of oral diadochokinetic sequences.
Uncertainty propagation in complex networks: From noisy links to critical properties.
Pharmaceutical industry payments to leaders of professional medical associations in Australia: Focus on cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
Vaccination in the person with newly diagnosed HIV.
Travel and immunosuppressant medication.
Latent tuberculosis in the general practice context.
[Dynamic basic reproduction number based evaluation for current prevention and control of COVID-19 outbreak in China].
[Study on assessing early epidemiological parameters of coronavirus disease epidemic in China].
Patient knowledge, experiences and preferences regarding retinoblastoma and research: A qualitative study.
Improved Mycobacterium tuberculosis clearance after restoration of IFN-gamma+ TNF-alpha+ CD4+ T cells: Impact of PD-1 inhibition in active tuberculosis patients.
Biology-inspired microphysiological systems to advance patient benefit and animal welfare in drug development
Kidney Disease-Specific Scores and Health Utility of Continuous Ambulatory Peritoneal Dialysis Patients, Automated Peritoneal Dialysis Patients, and Caregivers.
Neocortical morphometry in Huntington \' s disease: Indication of the coexistence of abnormal neurodevelopmental and neurodegenerative processes.
Spontaneous bilateral hemothorax in neurofibromatosis type 1 due to internal thoracic artery aneurysm: Case report.
Retinal disease: How to use proteomics to speed up diagnosis and metabolomics to slow down degeneration.
A comprehensive analysis of candidate genes in familial pancreatic cancer families reveals a high frequency of potentially pathogenic germline variants.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis and myeloid-derived suppressor cells: Insights into caveolin rich lipid rafts.
Generation of an integration-free induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) line (ZZUNEUi004-A) from a Wilson \' s disease patient harboring a homozygous Pro992Leu mutation in ATP7B gene.
Isolation of Trichoderma in the rhizosphere soil of Syringa oblata from Harbin and their biocontrol and growth promotion function.
Particulate matter pollution and hospital outpatient visits for endocrine, digestive, urological, and dermatological diseases in Nanjing, China.
A comprehensive analysis of racial disparities in chemical biomarker concentrations in United States women, 1999-2014.
Current management of stage IV nasopharyngeal carcinoma without distant metastasis.
Parkinson \' s disease and cancer incidence: A risk assessment.
Diagnostic potential of automated tractography in progressive supranuclear palsy variants.
18Fluoride-based molecular imaging of coronary atherosclerosis in HIV infected patients.
Priming older adults and people with mild to moderate Alzheimer \' s disease problem-solving with false memories.
Autoscopic phenomena as an atypical psychiatric presentation of Huntington \' s disease: A case report including longitudinal clinical and neuroimaging data.
Complete clinical remission of invasive Candida infection with CARD9 deficiency after G-CSF treatment.
Neonatal Pulmonary Atresia With Intact Ventricular Septum-8-Y Surgical Experience at One Center.
Advances in the In vitro and In vivo pharmacology of Alpha4beta2 nicotinic receptor positive allosteric modulators.
The relationship of acculturation to cardiovascular disease risk factors among U.S. South Asians: Findings from the MASALA study.
The interplay of haze characteristics on mortality in the Pearl River Delta of China.
A continuous-time Markov model approach for modeling myelodysplastic syndromes progression from cross-sectional data.
Isolated Nail Lichen Planus- an expert consensus on treatment of the classical form.
