Mycoparasitism illuminated by genome and transcriptome sequencing of Coniothyrium minitans, an important biocontrol fungus of the plant pathogen Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
Influence of spore morphology on spectrophotometric quantification of Trichoderma inocula.
Polyanionic Composite Membranes Based on Bacterial Cellulose and Amino Acid for Antimicrobial application.
Bat guano-dwelling microbes and antimicrobial properties of the pygidial gland secretion of a troglophilic ground beetle against them.
Luteimonas cellulosilyticus sp. nov., Cellulose-Degrading Bacterium Isolated from Soil in Changguangxi National Wetland Park, China.
Pachymic acid protects against cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury by the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Identification of fungal enzymes involving 3-phenoxybenzoic acid degradation by using enzymes inhibitors and inducers.
Identification of the key genes involved in the regulation of symbiotic pathways induced by Metarhizium anisopliae in peanut (Arachis hypogaea) roots.
Genome sequencing of Aspergillus glaucus  \' CCHA \'  provides insights into salt-stress adaptation.
Genome sequencing of gut symbiotic Bacillus velezensis LC1 for bioethanol production from bamboo shoots.
Screening of Secreted Proteins of Sporisorium reilianum f. sp. zeae for Cell Death Suppression in Nicotiana benthamiana.
Role of Cytokinins for Interactions of Plants With Microbial Pathogens and Pest Insects.
Clonocoprogens A, B and C, new antimalarial coprogens from the Okinawan fungus Clonostachys compactiuscula FKR-0021.
Induction of secondary metabolite production by hygromycin B and identification of the 1233A biosynthetic gene cluster with a self-resistance gene.
Characterization of tomato protein kinases embedding guanylate cyclase catalytic center motif.
Structural insight into the recognition of pathogen-derived phosphoglycolipids by C-type lectin receptor DCAR.
Comparison of in vitro antifungal activity of novel triazoles with available antifungal agents against dermatophyte species caused tinea pedis.
Systemic and Gastrohepatic Mucormycosis in Dogs.
Achlya sp. Dermatitis in an American Alligator (Alligator mississippiensis).
Predictable modulation of cancer treatment outcomes by the gut microbiota.
Functional activities of beta-glucans in the prevention or treatment of cervical cancer.
An efficient gene disruption method for the woody plant pathogen Botryosphaeria dothidea.
Yeast Associated with Rice Phylloplane and Their Contribution to Control of Rice Sheath Blight Disease.
A Rapid and High Throughput MIC Determination Method to Screen Uranium Resistant Microorganisms.
Middle Eastern Plant Extracts: An Alternative to Modern Medicine Problems.
Effect of Tillage System and Cover Crop on Maize Mycorrhization and Presence of Magnaporthiopsis maydis.
First Report of Aleurocanthus spiniferus on Ailanthus altissima: Profiling of the Insect Microbiome and MicroRNAs.
Natural product-based semisynthesis and biological evaluation of thiol/amino-Michael adducts of xanthatin derived from Xanthium strumarium as potential pesticidal agents.
Chemical composition and evaluation of antioxidant activities, antimicrobial, and anti-melanogenesis effect of the essential oils extracted from Dalbergia pinnata (Lour.) Prain.
Investigation of possible clonal transmission of carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae complex member isolates in Denmark using core genome MLST and National Patient Registry Data.
Medication association and immunomodulation: an approach in fungal diseases and in particular in the treatment of paracoccidioidomycosis.
Palmitvaccenic acid (Delta11-cis-hexadecenoic acid) is synthesized by an OLE1-like desaturase in the arbuscular mycorrhiza fungus Rhizophagus irregularis.
Rabbit Fungal Keratitis Model of Fusarium solani Tested Against Three Commercially Available Antifungal Drugs.
Sri Lanka: report on its children \' s environmental health.
Epoxy Coatings Based on Modified Vegetable Oils for Wood Surface Protection against Fungal Degradation.
Rare earth element sequestration by Aspergillus oryzae biomass.
Aetiological agents for pulmonary exacerbations in children with cystic fibrosis: An observational study from a tertiary care centre in northern India.
Disentangling the assembly mechanisms of ant cuticular bacterial communities of two Amazonian ant species sharing a common arboreal nest.
The Methyltransferase AflSet1 Is Involved in Fungal Morphogenesis, AFB1 Biosynthesis, and Virulence of Aspergillus flavus.
Characterization of Growth Morphology and Pathology, and Draft Genome Sequencing of Botrytis fabae, the Causal Organism of Chocolate Spot of Faba Bean (Vicia faba L.).
Comparative Transcriptomics Analysis of the Responses of the Filamentous Fungus Glarea lozoyensis to Different Carbon Sources.
Development of a novel beta-1,6-glucan-specific detection system using functionally modified recombinant endo-beta-1,6-glucanase.
Disseminated Coccidioidomycosis to the Gallbladder.
The effect of lipidation and glycosylation on short cationic antimicrobial peptides.
Virus-Mediated Suppression of the Antigen Presentation Molecule MR1.
AM fungi enhance the function of ecological floating bed in the treatment of saline industrial wastewater.
Diketopiperazines and other bioactive compounds from bacterial symbionts of marine sponges.
The distribution and evolution of fungal symbioses in ancient lineages of land plants.
A simple pyrocosm for studying soil microbial response to fire reveals a rapid, massive response by Pyronema species.
Ancient DNA analysis of food remains in human dental calculus from the Edo period, Japan.
Potential Antidiabetic Fumiquinazoline Alkaloids from the Marine-Derived Fungus Scedosporium apiospermum F41-1.
Minerals play key roles in driving prokaryotic and fungal community in the surface sediments of the Qinghai-Tibetan lakes.
Temporal dispersal patterns of Phaeomoniella chlamydospora, causal agent of Petri disease and esca, in vineyards.
Functional Analysis of a Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Demonstrates Role of Spontaneous Double Bicyclo-ring Formation Including 8pi-6pi Electrocyclization in Shimalactone Biosynthesis.
Characterization of microsporidian Ameson herrnkindi sp. nov. infecting Caribbean spiny lobsters Panulirus argus.
Evaluating the combination of Metarhizium anisopliae and an enhanced form of diatomaceous earth (Grain-Guard) for the environmentally friendly control of stored grain pests.
Treatment of Otomycosis in Ears with Tympanic Membrane Perforation is Easier with Paper Patch.
Entomopathogenic fungi (Hypocreales: Ophiocordycipitaceae) infecting bark lice (Psocoptera) in Dominican and Baltic amber.
Genome-wide annotation, comparison and functional genomics of carbohydrate-active enzymes in legumes infecting Fusarium oxysporum formae speciales.
Antimicrobial activities of Tephrosia vogelii against selected pathogenic fungi and bacteria strains.
Characterisation and antifungal activity of extracellular chitinase from a biocontrol fungus, Trichoderma asperellum PQ34.
Systematic metadata analysis of brown rot fungi gene expression data reveals the genes involved in Fenton \' s reaction and wood decay process.
Bioprospecting endophytic fungi from Fusarium genus as sources of bioactive metabolites.
Antimicrobial Activity of Hand Lotion of Flower Mimusops elengi.
eCALIBRATOR: A Comparative Tool to Identify Key Genes and Pathways for Eucalyptus Defense Against Biotic Stressors.
Evaluation of antidiabetic activity of Pleurotus pulmonarius against streptozotocin-nicotinamide induced diabetic wistar albino rats.
High resolution metagenomic characterization of complex infectomes in paediatric acute respiratory infection.
Four European Salmonella Typhimurium datasets collected to develop WGS-based source attribution methods.
Long-Term Phytoremediation of Coastal Saline Soil Reveals Plant Species-Specific Patterns of Microbial Community Recruitment.
Soil Fungi enable the control of gastrointestinal nematodes in wild bovidae captive in a zoological park: A 4-Year trial.
Rhizosphere protists are key determinants of plant health.
Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis resulting from a cytokine storm triggered by septicemia in a child with chronic granuloma disease: a case report and literature review.
alphabeta-Dehydrocurvularin isolated from the fungus Aspergillus welwitschiae effectively inhibited the behaviour and development of the root-knot nematode Meloidogyne graminicola in rice roots.
Development of Euphorbia Latex and Bamboo Fiber Based Green Composite.
Airborne mycotoxins in waste recycling and recovery facilities: Occupational exposure and health risk assessment.
In vitro adherence of Candida albicans to zirconia surfaces.
PoMet3 and PoMet14 associated with sulfate assimilation are essential for conidiogenesis and pathogenicity in Pyricularia oryzae.
Biocatalytic strategies for the production of ginsenosides using glycosidase: current state and perspectives.
Multitrophic interactions in the rhizosphere microbiome of wheat: from bacteria and fungi to protists.
Habitat patchiness, ecological connectivity and the uneven recovery of boreal stream ecosystems from an experimental drought.
Bioaerosol impact on crop health over India due to emerging fungal diseases (EFDs): an important missing link.
Synthesis of Knoevenagel Adducts Under Microwave Irradiation and Biocatalytic Ene-Reduction by the Marine-Derived Fungus Cladosporium sp. CBMAI 1237 for the Production of 2-Cyano-3-Phenylpropanamide Derivatives.
Production of Mannosylerythritol Lipids (MELs) to be Used as Antimicrobial Agents Against S. aureus ATCC 6538.
Successful treatment of rhino-facial mucormycosis in a diabetic patient.
Sporotrichosis: The case series in Thailand and literature review in Southeast Asia.
In silico evolution of Aspergillus niger organic acid production suggests strategies for switching acid output.
Hypoxia is regulating enzymatic wood decomposition and intracellular carbohydrate metabolism in filamentous white rot fungus.
In-vitro evaluation of antimicrobial and insect repellent potential of supercritical-carbon dioxide (SCF-CO2) extracts of selected botanicals against stored product pests and foodborne pathogens.
An ancestral signalling pathway is conserved in intracellular symbioses-forming plant lineages.
Gastric cancer: genome damaged by bugs.
Deep Evolutionary History of the Phox and Bem1 (PB1) Domain Across Eukaryotes.
Sensory cilia as the Achilles heel of nematodes when attacked by carnivorous mushrooms.
Drug resistance in Giardia: Mechanisms and alternative treatments for Giardiasis.
Carboxymethyl chitosan-zinc(II) phthalocyanine conjugates: Synthesis, characterization and photodynamic antifungal therapy.
The draft nuclear genome sequence and predicted mitochondrial proteome of Andalucia godoyi, a protist with the most gene-rich and bacteria-like mitochondrial genome.
Anti-melanogenic activity of Myristica fragrans extract against Aspergillus fumigatus using phenotypic based screening.
Barley ROP-Interactive Partner-a organizes into RAC1- and MICROTUBULE-ASSOCIATED ROP-GTPASE ACTIVATING PROTEIN 1-dependent membrane domains.
Studies of Cellulose and Starch Utilization and the Regulatory Mechanisms of Related Enzymes in Fungi.
Marine Alkaloids with Anti-Inflammatory Activity: Current Knowledge and Future Perspectives.
New Antimicrobial Phenyl Alkenoic Acids Isolated from an Oil Palm Rhizosphere-Associated Actinomycete, Streptomyces palmae CMU-AB204T.
The Effects of Weather on the Flight of an Invasive Bark Beetle, Pityophthorus juglandis.
Rhizophagus irregularis and Rhizoctonia solani Differentially Elicit Systemic Transcriptional Expression of Polyphenol Biosynthetic Pathways Genes in Sunflower.
Study of Inheritance and Linkage of Virulence Genes in a Selfing Population of a Pakistani Dominant Race of Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici.
Use of a Pleurotus ostreatus Complex Cell Wall Extract as Elicitor of Plant Defenses: From Greenhouse to Field Trial.
Combined Effect of Light and Nutrients on the Micromorphology of the White rot Fungus Cerrena Unicolor.
Immunotherapy against Systemic Fungal Infections Based on Monoclonal Antibodies.
Commercial Biocontrol Agents Reveal Contrasting Comportments Against Two Mycotoxigenic Fungi in Cereals: Fusarium Graminearum and Fusarium Verticillioides.
Aflatoxin Biosynthesis and Genetic Regulation: A Review.
Evidence of Microdochium Fungi Associated with Cereal Grains in Russia.
Antibiotics Development and the Potentials of Marine-Derived Compounds to Stem the Tide of Multidrug-Resistant Pathogenic Bacteria, Fungi, and Protozoa.
Optimized Bioproduction of Itaconic and Fumaric Acids Based on Solid-State Fermentation of Lignocellulosic Biomass.
Characterization of a Versatile Plant Growth-Promoting Rhizobacterium Pseudomonas mediterranea Strain S58.
Biosynthesis of (R)-(-)-1-Octen-3-ol in Recombinant Saccharomyces cerevisiae with Lipoxygenase-1 and Hydroperoxide Lyase Genes from Tricholoma matsutake.
Heterologous expression of wheat WRKY transcription factor genes transcriptionally activated in hybrid necrosis strains alters abiotic and biotic stress tolerance in transgenic Arabidopsis.
Butanol production from cellulosic material by anaerobic co-culture of white-rot fungus Phlebia and bacterium Clostridium in consolidated bioprocessing.
Development of a cost-effective medium for submerged production of fungal aryl alcohol oxidase using a genetically modified Aspergillus nidulans strain.
Fingerprinting ambient air to understand bioaerosol profiles in three different environments in the south east of England.
Arsenic concentrations, diversity and co-occurrence patterns of bacterial and fungal communities in the feces of mice under sub-chronic arsenic exposure through food.
Antifungal susceptibility testing in Candida, Aspergillus and Cryptococcus infections: are the MICs Useful for clinicians?
Gene expression in the smut fungus Ustilago esculenta governs swollen gall metamorphosis in Zizania latifolia.
Clitopilus, Clitocella, and Clitopilopsis in China.
Coevolution of Resistance Against Antimicrobial Peptides.
Talauxins: Hybrid Phenalenone Dimers from Talaromyces stipitatus.
l -asparaginase Production and Enhancement by Sarocladium strictum: In vitro Evaluation of Anti-Cancerous Properties.
Histoplasma capsulatum chemotypes I and II induce IL-8 secretion in lung epithelial cells in distinct manners.
Fungal polyketides with three distinctive ring skeletons from the fungus Penicillium canescens uncovered by OSMAC and molecular networking strategies.
Enzyme evolution in fungal indole alkaloid biosynthesis.
Beneficial Effects of Endophytic Fungi from the Anoectochilus and Ludisia Species on the Growth and Secondary Metabolism of Anoectochilus roxburghii.
Clinical Manifestation and Molecular Characterization of a Novel Member of the Nannizziopsiaceae in a Pulmonary Granuloma From a Galapagos Tortoise (Chelonoidis nigra).
Occurrence of Albifimbria verrucaria in the Blood of a Female Child With Neuroblastoma.
Fusarium oxysporum and Aspergillus sp. as Keratinase Producers Using Swine Hair From Agroindustrial Residues.
Amphiphilic Cationic Macromolecules Highly Effective Against Multi-Drug Resistant Gram-Positive Bacteria and Fungi With No Detectable Resistance.
Multiple Family Members With Delayed Cord Separtion and Combined Immunodeficiency With Novel Mutation in IKBKB.
Monocytes and the Host Response to Fungal Pathogens.
Microbes in the Era of Circadian Medicine.
What Are the Functions of Chitin Deacetylases in Aspergillus fumigatus?
Transcript profiling reveals potential regulators for oxidative stress response of a necrotrophic chickpea pathogen Ascochyta rabiei.
Bullous pemphigoid as an injection site reaction of glatiramer acetate.
Editorial: Biostimulants in Agriculture.
Biocontrol by Fusarium oxysporum Using Endophyte-Mediated Resistance.
The Full-Size ABCG Transporter of Medicago truncatula Is Involved in Strigolactone Secretion, Affecting Arbuscular Mycorrhiza.
Group 2 Innate Lymphoid Cells (ILC2) Suppress Beneficial Type 1 Immune Responses During Pulmonary Cryptococcosis.
Evolutionary Origin of the P2X7 C-ter Region: Capture of an Ancient Ballast Domain by a P2X4-Like Gene in Ancient Jawed Vertebrates.
Evaluation of Cellular Responses for the Diagnosis of Allergic Bronchopulmonary Mycosis: A Preliminary Study in Cystic Fibrosis Patients.
The pH-Responsive Transcription Factor PacC Governs Pathogenicity and Ochratoxin A Biosynthesis in Aspergillus carbonarius.
Community Composition, Antifungal Activity and Chemical Analyses of Ant-Derived Actinobacteria.
Exploring Rain as Source of Biological Control Agents for Fire Blight on Apple.
Bioprocess for Production, Characteristics, and Biotechnological Applications of Fungal Phytases.
Suitability of Mycorrhiza-Defective Rice and Its Progenitor for Studies on the Control of Nitrogen Loss in Paddy Fields via Arbuscular Mycorrhiza.
Enterococcus faecalis Adapts to Antimicrobial Conjugated Oligoelectrolytes by Lipid Rearrangement and Differential Expression of Membrane Stress Response Genes.
Explorative Meta-Analysis of 377 Extant Fungal Genomes Predicted a Total Mycobiome Functionality of 42.4 Million KEGG Functions.
High Efficacy of the Volatile Organic Compounds of Streptomyces yanglinensis 3-10 in Suppression of Aspergillus Contamination on Peanut Kernels.
Agricultural Selection of Wheat Has Been Shaped by Plant-Microbe Interactions.
Differential Colonization and Succession of Microbial Communities in Rock and Soil Substrates on a Maritime Antarctic Glacier Forefield.
Distinct Types of Gut Microbiota Dysbiosis in Hospitalized Gastroenterological Patients Are Disease Non-related and Characterized With the Predominance of Either Enterobacteriaceae or Enterococcus.
Scent of a Killer: Microbial Volatilome and Its Role in the Biological Control of Plant Pathogens.
Graphene-Based Steganographic Aptasensor for Information Computing and Monitoring Toxins of Biofilm in Food.
Immunoproteomic Approach of Extracellular Antigens From Paracoccidioides Species Reveals Exclusive B-Cell Epitopes.
External Immune Inhibitory Efficiency of External Secretions and Their Metabolic Profiling in Red Palm Weevil, Rhynchophorus ferrugineus (Coleoptera: Curculionidae).
Managing raw materials of vegetable origin increases fungal indoor concentration in food companies.
Chetocochliodins A-I, Epipoly(thiodioxopiperazines) from Chaetomium cochliodes.
Biology and applications of Clonostachys rosea.
Furoic acid derivatives from the endophytic fungus Coniothyrium sp.
An amalgam of pathogenic and beneficial endophytic fungi colonizing four Dendrobium species from Meghalaya, India.
Gastrointestinal toxicity during induction treatment for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: the impact of the gut microbiota.
Synthesis of trehalose glycolipids.
Monazite transformation into Ce- and La-containing oxalates by Aspergillus niger.
Effect of VIB Gene on Cellulase Production of Trichoderma orientalis EU7-22.
Secondary Metabolites from Marine-Derived Fungi from China.
Protein kinases as potential anticandidal drug targets.
Niche construction theory can link bark beetle-fungus symbiosis type and colonization behavior to large scale causal chain-effects.
The great potential for phytoremediation of abandoned tailings pond using ectomycorrhizal Pinus sylvestris.
Chemical constituents from wetland soil fungus Penicillium oxalicum GY1.
[Infectious myositis].
On-site investigation of the concentration and size distribution characteristics of airborne fungi in a university library.
Dongtinganthracenes A-D: Bioxanthracene derivatives from Penicillium sp. DT10 derived from wetland soil obtained from Dongting Lake.
Metarhizium anisopliae CQMa128 regulates antioxidant/detoxification enzymes and exerts acaricidal activity against Psoroptes ovis var. cuniculi in rabbits: A preliminary study.
Impact of a green roof system on indoor fungal aerosol in a primary school in Greece.
Synthesis, characterization and antimicrobial activity of a novel chitosan Schiff bases based on heterocyclic moieties.
Virulence of Commercialized Fungal Entomopathogens Against Asian Longhorned Beetle (Coleoptera: Cerambycidae).
The functionally conserved effector Sta1 is a fungal cell wall protein required for virulence in Ustilago maydis.
Two Phytotoxins Isolated from the Pathogenic Fungus Alternaria sp. of the Invasive Weed Xanthium italicum.
Antifungal Activity of a Novel Triazole, Efinaconazole and Nine Comparators against 354 Molecularly Identified Aspergillus Isolates.
The enhancement of plant secondary metabolites content in Lactuca sativa L. by encapsulated bioactive agents.
Population genomics and evolution of a fungal pathogen after releasing exotic strains to control insect pests for 20 years.
Documentation of a new hypotrich species in the family Amphisiellidae, Lamtostyla gui n. sp. (Protista, Ciliophora) using a multidisciplinary approach.
Surface Dielectric Barrier Discharge plasma: a suitable measure against fungal plant pathogens.
The regulatory and transcriptional landscape associated with carbon utilization in a filamentous fungus.
Multistep metabolic engineering of Bacillus licheniformis to improve pulcherriminic acid production.
In vitro and in vivo activity of a possible novel antifungal small molecule against Candida albicans.
A snapshot of microbial diversity and function in an undisturbed sugarcane bagasse pile.
Cassava/peanut intercropping improves soil quality via rhizospheric microbes increased available nitrogen contents.
Highly Substituted Phenol Derivatives with Nitric Oxide Inhibitory Activities from the Deep-Sea-Derived Fungus Trichobotrys effuse FS524.
Metabolomics Analysis Reveals the Alkali Tolerance Mechanism in Puccinellia tenuiflora Plants Inoculated with Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi.
Candida auris: A Decade of Understanding of an Enigmatic Pathogenic Yeast.
Characterisation of Extracts and Anti-Cancer Activities of Fomitopsis pinicola.
New Thiodiketopiperazine and 3,4-Dihydroisocoumarin Derivatives from the Marine-Derived Fungus Aspergillus terreus.
Comparison of the performance of ITS1 and ITS2 as barcodes in amplicon-based sequencing of bioaerosols.
A Case of Psoriasis Vulgaris Treated with Brodalumab in a Hemodialysis Patient with End-Stage Renal Disease due to Diabetic Nephropathy.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of nicotinamide derivatives with a diarylamine-modified scaffold as succinate dehydrogenase inhibitors.
Purification and characterization of seven bioactive compounds from the newly isolated Streptomyces cavourensis TN638 strain via solid-state fermentation.
Sex-Based Diverse Plaque Microbiota in Children with Severe Caries.
Distinct mechanisms shape soil bacterial and fungal co-occurrence networks in a mountain ecosystem.
The alternative oxidase pathway is involved in optimizing photosynthesis in Medicago truncatula infected by Fusarium oxysporum and Rhizoctonia solani.
Th2 cells promote eosinophil-independent pathology in a murine model of allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis.
High Flocculation of Coal Washing Wastewater Using a Novel Bioflocculant from Isaria cicadae GZU6722.
Alternative therapy to manage otitis media caused by multidrug-resistant fungi.
Solar activation of fungus coated in photothermal cloth.
Assessment of the nail penetration of antifungal agents, with different physico-chemical properties.
Alternaria alternata uses two siderophore systems for iron acquisition.
Evaluation of a PCR-electrospray ionization mass spectrometry platform for detection and identification of fungal pathogens directly from prospectively collected bronchoalveolar lavage specimens.
Transcriptome analysis reveals the defense mechanism of cotton against Verticillium dahliae in the presence of the biocontrol fungus Chaetomium globosum CEF-082.
The use of taxon-specific reference databases compromises metagenomic classification.
Sulfonamide Inhibition Studies of the beta-Class Carbonic Anhydrase CAS3 from the Filamentous Ascomycete Sordaria macrospora.
Identification of epsilon-Poly-L-lysine as an Antimicrobial Product from an Epichloe Endophyte and Isolation of Fungal epsilon-PL Synthetase Gene.
Comparative Ergot Alkaloid Elaboration by Selected Plectenchymatic Mycelia of Claviceps purpurea through Sequential Cycles of Axenic Culture and Plant Parasitism.
Effects of Seedling Age on Colonization Patterns of Citrus limon Plants by Endophytic Beauveria bassiana and Metarhizium anisopliae and Their Influence on Seedlings Growth.
Aspiring Antifungals: Review of Current Antifungal Pipeline Developments.
Vulvovaginal Candidiasis: A Current Understanding and Burning Questions.
Stress Reshapes the Physiological Response of Halophile Fungi to Salinity.
Geographic Difference Shaped Human Ocular Surface Metagenome of Young Han Chinese From Beijing, Wenzhou, and Guangzhou Cities.
Viral infection triggers interferon-induced expulsion of live Cryptococcus neoformans by macrophages.
Advances in the understanding of the intestinal micro-environment and inflammatory bowel disease.
Hierarchical porous carbon fabricated from cellulose-degrading fungus modified rice husks: Ultrahigh surface area and impressive improvement in toluene adsorption.
Denitrification performance and microbial communities of solid-phase denitrifying reactors using poly (butylene succinate)/bamboo powder composite.
The ERMES (Endoplasmic Reticulum and Mitochondria Encounter Structures) mediated functions in fungi.
Talaromyces marneffei infection relapse presenting as osteolytic destruction followed by suspected nontuberculous mycobacterium infection during 6 years of follow-up: A case update.
Molecular and biological characterization of a novel strain of Alternaria alternata chrysovirus 1 identified from the pathogen Alternaria tenuissima causing watermelon leaf blight.
Refinement of Peach Cover Spray Programs for Management of Brown Rot at Harvest.
Real-Time Quantitative and Ion-Metal Indicator LAMP-Based Assays for Rapid Detection of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
Green leaf volatiles and jasmonic acid enhance susceptibility to anthracnose diseases caused by Colletotrichum graminicola in maize.
Single-particle analysis of urea amidolyase reveals its molecular mechanism.
Species distribution and susceptibility profiles of Candida species isolated from vulvovaginal candidiasis, emergence of C. lusitaniae.
Chemical compositions and antifungal activities of Satureja macrosiphon against Candida and Aspergillus species.
In vitro activity of four triazole antifungal drugs against clinically common and uncommon yeast species.
An update on the application of nano-scaled carriers against fluconazole-resistant Candida species: nanostructured lipid carriers or solid lipid nanoparticles?
The Role of Reactive Oxygen Species and Nitric Oxide in the Inhibition of Trichophyton rubrum Growth by HaCaT Cells.
Nine-Year Analysis of Isolated Pathogens and Antibiotic Susceptibilities of Infectious Endophthalmitis from a Large Referral Eye Center in Southern China.
Fungal allergen-induced IL-33 secretion involves cholesterol-dependent, VDAC-1-mediated ATP release from the airway epithelium.
Microbial dyes: dyeing of poplar veneer with melanin secreted by Lasiodiplodia theobromae isolated from wood.
Bacillomycin D effectively controls growth of Malassezia globosa by disrupting the cell membrane.
Diversity and function of multicopper oxidase genes in the stinkbug Plautia stali.
Ganoderma lucidum cultivation affect microbial community structure of soil, wood segments and tree roots.
Metabolic Reprogramming in the Opportunistic Yeast Candida albicans in Response to Hypoxia.
Literature review on the distribution characteristics and antimicrobial resistance of bacterial pathogens in neonatal sepsis.
Transcriptomic Analysis of the Brown Planthopper, Nilaparvata lugens, at Different Stages after Metarhizium anisopliae Challenge.
The Role of Secretory Pathways in Candida albicans Pathogenesis.
Steryl Glycosides in Fungal Pathogenesis: An Understudied Immunomodulatory Adjuvant.
Microinvasive Fungal Rhinosinusitis: Proposal of a New Subtype in the Classification.
Lesson from Ecotoxicity: Revisiting the Microbial Lipopeptides for the Management of Emerging Diseases for Crop Protection.
Polyketide Derivatives from Mangrove Derived Endophytic Fungus Pseudopestalotiopsis theae.
Cladosins L-O, new hybrid polyketides from the endophytic fungus Cladosporium sphaerospermum WBS017.
IPA-1 a putative chromatin remodeler/helicase-related protein of Trichoderma virens plays important roles in antibiosis against Rhizoctonia solani and induction of Arabidopsis systemic disease resistance.
Sterile traumatic panniculitis in a captive Brent goose.
The novel bZIP transcription factor Fpo1 negatively regulates perithecial development by modulating carbon metabolism in the ascomycete fungus Fusarium graminearum.
Insight into effects of isolated Eurotium cristatum from Pingwu Fuzhuan brick tea on the fermentation process and quality characteristics of Fuzhuan brick tea.
Clinical Spectrum, Diagnosis and Outcome of Rare Fungal Infections in Patients with Hematological Malignancies: Experience of 15-Year Period from a Single Tertiary Medical Center.
Application of Lactic Acid Bacteria for Coating of Wheat Bread to Protect it from Microbial Spoilage.
Functional analysis of chimeric TrCel6A enzymes with different carbohydrate binding modules.
Chemical characterization, antioxidant, cytotoxicity, Anti-Toxoplasma gondii and antimicrobial potentials of the Citrus sinensis seed oil for sustainable cosmeceutical production.
Dataset on optimization of lignin peroxidase production by Endomelanconiopsis sp. under submerged fermentation using one factor at a time approach.
Chiggers (Acariformes: Trombiculoidea) do not increase rates of infection by Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis fungus in the endemic Dwarf Mexican Treefrog Tlalocohyla smithii (Anura: Hylidae).
Microparticle-enhanced Chaetomium globosum DX-THS3 beta-d-glucuronidase production by controlled fungal morphology in submerged fermentation.
Chytrid fungi and global amphibian declines.
Timing of fungal spore release dictates survival during atmospheric transport.
Actin Is Required for Cellular Development and Virulence of Botrytis cinerea via the Mediation of Secretory Proteins.
Draft Genome Assembly of Floccularia luteovirens, an Edible and Symbiotic Mushroom on Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Interactions of Destruxin A with Silkworms \'  Arginine tRNA Synthetase and Lamin-C Proteins.
Mining the Metabolome and the Agricultural and Pharmaceutical Potential of Sea Foam-Derived Fungi.
Biological Effects of Glucosinolate Degradation Products from Horseradish: A Horse that Wins the Race.
Prospects of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Utilization in Production of Allium Plants.
A PCR, qPCR, and LAMP Toolkit for the Detection of the Wheat Blast Pathogen in Seeds.
Enhanced biosynthesis of the natural antimicrobial glyceollins in soybean seedlings by priming and elicitation.
Cosubstrate strategy for enhancing lignocellulose degradation during rumen fermentation in vitro: Characteristics and microorganism composition.
Mycotoxin contamination and control strategy in human, domestic animal and poultry: A review.
Ethnomedicinal survey and in vitro confirmation of anti-inflammatory and antispasmodic properties of the termite strain Macrotermes bellicosus used in traditional medicine in the Republic of Benin.
Clinical characteristics and treatment of actinomycetoma in northeast Mexico: A case series.
Disturbances Can Promote and Hinder Coexistence of Competitors in Ongoing Partner Choice Mutualisms.
Role of melatonin in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi-induced resistance to Fusarium wilt in cucumber.
Draft Genome Resource for Macrophomina phaseolina associated with Charcoal Rot in Sorghum.
Phytophthora capsici PcFtsZ2 is required for asexual development and plant infection.
Wheldone: Characterization of a Unique Scaffold from the Coculture of Aspergillus fischeri and Xylaria flabelliformis.
Substantial Equivalence of Transgenic Lemon Fruit Showing Postharvest Fungal Pathogens Resistance.
Colony heating protects honey bee populations from a risk of contact with wide-spectrum Beauveria bassiana insecticides applied in the field.
Molecular epidemiology of tinea gladiatorum in contact sports in northern Iran.
Detection and identification of fungal growth on freeze-dried Agaricus bisporus using spectrum and olfactory sensor.
Interactive effects of exogenous melatonin and Rhizophagus intraradices on saline-alkaline stress tolerance in Leymus chinensis.
Endophytic Penicillium species and their agricultural, biotechnological, and pharmaceutical applications.
The community composition variation of Russulaceae associated with the Quercus mongolica forest during the growing season at Wudalianchi City, China.
Transcriptome analyses of the ginseng root rot pathogens Cylindrocarpon destructans and Fusarium solani to identify radicicol resistance mechanisms.
Toxicological response of the model fungus Saccharomyces cerevisiae to different concentrations of commercial graphene nanoplatelets.
Analysis of bacterial and fungal communities in continuous-cropping ramie (Boehmeria nivea L. Gaud) fields in different areas in China.
Lactoferrin is broadly active against yeasts and highly synergistic with amphotericin B.
Answer to March 2020 Photo Quiz.
Dynamic network inference and association computation discover gene modules regulating virulence, mycotoxin and sexual reproduction in Fusarium graminearum.
Chemical Composition, Algicidal, Antimicrobial, and Antioxidant Activities of the Essential Oils of Taiwania flousiana Gaussen.
Discovery of Antifungal and Biofilm Preventative Compounds from Mycelial Cultures of a Unique North American Hericium sp. Fungus.
Rice OsAAA-ATPase1 is Induced during Blast Infection in a Salicylic Acid-Dependent Manner, and Promotes Blast Fungus Resistance.
CgSCD1 Is Essential for Melanin Biosynthesis and Pathogenicity of Colletotrichum gloeosporioides.
LAMA-1: A Cerebroside Isolated from the Deep-Sea-Derived Fungus Penicillium chrysogenum.
Contamination of Pet Food with Mycobiota and Fusarium Mycotoxins-Focus on Dogs and Cats.
Isolation of Unstable Isomers of Lucilactaene and Evaluation of Anti-Inflammatory Activity of Secondary Metabolites Produced by the Endophytic Fungus Fusarium sp. QF001 from the Roots of Scutellaria baicalensis.
Bioremediation of arsenic by soil methylating fungi: Role of Humicola sp. strain 2WS1 in amelioration of arsenic phytotoxicity in Bacopa monnieri L.
Cordycepamides A-E and cordyglycoside A, new alkaloidal and glycoside metabolites from the entomopathogenic fungus Cordyceps sp.
Metabolomic, functional, and ecologic responses of the common freshwater fungus Neonectria lugdunensis to mine drainage stress.
Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of arthroconidia obtained from the edible mushroom Hypsizygus marmoreus.
Coating for preventing non-specific adhesion mediated biofouling in salty systems: Effect of the electrostatic and van der waals interactions.
Quantitative proteomics analysis reveals important roles of N-glycosylation on ER quality control system for development and pathogenesis in Magnaporthe oryzae.
Scedosporium species in soils from various biomes in Northwestern Morocco.
Reevaluating Cryphonectriaceae and allied families in Diaporthales.
Correction to Benzophenone Compounds, from a Marine-Derived Strain of the Fungus Pestalotiopsis neglecta, Inhibit Proliferation of Pancreatic Cancer Cells by Targeting the MEK/ERK Pathway.
Fungal Empyema Thoracis.
Geographic Expansion of Sporotrichosis, Brazil.
Invasive Candida bovina Infection, France.
Bacterial Resistance: antibiotics of last generation used in clinical practice and the arise of natural products as new therapeutic alternatives.
Lawsozaheer, a new chromone produced by an endophytic fungus Paecilomyces variotii isolated from Lawsonia Alba Lam. inhibits the growth of Staphylococcus aureus.
Mobility monitoring of two herbicides in amended soils: A field study for modeling applications.
Effect of soil organic matter (SOM) on the degradation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons using Pleurotus dryinus IBB 903-A microcosm study.
The small secreted effector protein MiSSP7.6 of Laccaria bicolor is required for the establishment of ectomycorrhizal symbiosis.
A Low-Cost Humidity Control System to Protect Microscopes in a Tropical Climate.
Functional characterization of tau class glutathione-S-transferase in rice to provide tolerance against sheath blight disease.
A first checklist of macrofungi for South Africa.
Phomopsis tersa as Inhibitor of Quorum Sensing System and Biofilm Forming Ability of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Influence of pathogens causing clinical mastitis on reproductive variables of dairy cows.
Discovery of isopenicin A, a meroterpenoid as a novel inhibitor of tubulin polymerization.
Fungal polysaccharides.
The effects of ectomycorrhizal fungal networks on seedling establishment are contingent on species and severity of overstorey mortality.
Rapamycin induces morphological and physiological changes without increase in lipid content in Ustilago maydis.
Molecular diagnosis and source tracing of an infection of Aureobasidium pullulans.
Uranium (234U, 238U) and thorium (230Th, 232Th) in mushrooms of genus Leccinum and Leccinellum and the potential effective ionizing radiation dose assessment for human.
Determination of six groups of mycotoxins in Chinese dark tea and the associated risk assessment.
Development of celecoxib-derived antifungals for crop protection.
Antidiabetic xanthones with alpha-glucosidase inhibitory activities from an endophytic Penicillium canescens.
Characteristics of malpractice lawsuits involving nail disorders in the United States from 1977 to 2019.
A case of Tinea Faciei caused by Trichophyton benhamiae: first report in China.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi enhanced drought resistance in apple by regulating genes in the MAPK pathway.
Linkages between nutrient ratio and the microbial community in rhizosphere soil following fertilizer management.
The Arf-GAP AoGlo3 regulates conidiation, endocytosis, and pathogenicity in the nematode-trapping fungus Arthrobotrys oligospora.
Antrodin A from mycelium of Antrodia camphorata alleviates acute alcoholic liver injury and modulates intestinal flora dysbiosis in mice.
Preparation, physicochemical characterization, and anti-proliferation of selenium nanoparticles stabilized by Polyporus umbellatus polysaccharide.
Fatal neurocryptococcosis in a Colombian underage patient.
Mitochondrial fission is necessary for mitophagy, development and virulence of the insect pathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana.
A Collagenolytic Aspartic Protease from Thermomucor indicae-seudaticae Expressed in Escherichia coli and Pichia pastoris.
A novel multi-enzyme preparation produced from Aspergillus niger using biodegradable waste: a possible option to combat heterogeneous biofilms.
Bacillus lipopeptides as powerful pest control agents for a more sustainable and healthy agriculture: recent studies and innovations.
Ambient bioaerosol distribution and associated health risks at a high traffic density junction at Dehradun city, India.
A Comparison of Inactivation Efficacy and Mechanisms of Gas Plasma and Plasma Activated Water Against Aspergillus flavus Spores and Biofilms.
An in vitro pipeline to screen and select citrus-associated microbiota with potential anti-Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus properties.
Autotoxic ginsenoside disrupts soil fungal microbiomes by stimulating potentially pathogenic microbes.
FgHtf1 regulates global gene expression towards aerial mycelium and conidiophore formation in the cereal fungal pathogen Fusarium graminearum.
Identification of Secondary Metabolites from Aspergillus pachycristatus by Untargeted UPLC-ESI-HRMS/MS and Genome Mining.
Selected Fungal Natural Products with Antimicrobial Properties.
Animal, Fungi, and Plant Genome Sequences Harbor Different Non-Canonical Splice Sites.
Antifungal Activity of an Original Amino-Isocyanonaphthalene (ICAN) Compound Family: Promising Broad Spectrum Antifungals.
Influence of the Chitosan and Rosemary Extract on Fungal Biodegradation of Some Plasticized PLA-Based Materials.
Investigating the expression of ALS2 and ALS9 genes along with allele frequency of ALS9 in patients with vulvovaginal candidiasis.
Reduction in lignin content and increase in the antioxidant capacity of corn and sugarcane silages treated with an enzymatic complex produced by white rot fungus.
Substitution of manure for chemical fertilizer affects soil microbial community diversity, structure and function in greenhouse vegetable production systems.
A fungal-mediated cryptic selenium cycle linked to manganese biogeochemistry.
Histoplasma capsulatum-induced extracellular DNA trap release in human neutrophils.
Fungal biotin homeostasis is essential for immune evasion after macrophage phagocytosis and virulence.
Targeted induction of a silent fungal gene cluster encoding the bacteria-specific germination inhibitor fumigermin.
Alternaria keratitis after corneal crosslinking.
Measurements of radiocesium in animals, plants and fungi in Svalbard after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster.
Designing chimeric enzymes inspired by fungal cellulosomes.
A Novel Exophiala Species Associated With Disseminated Granulomatous Inflammation in a Captive Eastern Hellbender (Cryptobranchus alleganiensis alleganiensis).
Low Amplitude Boom-and-Bust Cycles Define the Septoria Nodorum Blotch Interaction.
Dual Transcriptome and Metabolic Analysis of Vitis vinifera cv. Pinot Noir Berry and Botrytis cinerea During Quiescence and Egressed Infection.
Epigenetic Agents Trigger the Production of Bioactive Nucleoside Derivatives and Bisabolane Sesquiterpenes From the Marine-Derived Fungus Aspergillus versicolor.
Outbreak of Saprochaete clavata Sepsis in Hematology Patients: Combined Use of MALDI-TOF and Sequencing Strategy to Identify and Correlate the Episodes.
Multiple Batches of Fermentation Promote the Formation of Functional Microbiota in Chinese Miscellaneous-Flavor Baijiu Fermentation.
Exploring the Multi-Target Neuroprotective Chemical Space of Benzofuran Scaffolds: A New Strategy in Drug Development for Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Hyphal network whole field imaging allows for accurate estimation of anastomosis rates and branching dynamics of the filamentous fungus Podospora anserina.
African helminth infection out of Africa: paleoparasitological and paleogenetic investigations in Pretos Novos cemetery, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (1769-1830).
Biotransformation of (E)-2-Methyl-3-Phenylacrylaldehyde Using Mycelia of Penicillium citrinum CBMAI 1186, Both Free and Immobilized on Chitosan.
Effects of Trichoderma asperellum and its siderophores on endogenous auxin in Arabidopsis thaliana under iron-deficiency stress.
Complementary molecular methods reveal comprehensive phylogenetic diversity integrating inconspicuous lineages of early-diverged wood-decaying mushrooms.
How mycorrhizal associations drive plant population and community biology.
A M35 family metalloprotease is required for fungal virulence against insects by inactivating host prophenoloxidases and beyond.
Disinfection of Ready-to-Eat Lettuce Using Polyhexamethylene Guanidine Hydrochloride.
New Tools for Conservation Biological Control: Testing Ant-Attracting Artificial Nectaries to Employ Ants as Plant Defenders.
Nidulantes of Aspergillus (Formerly Emericella): A Treasure Trove of Chemical Diversity and Biological Activities.
The auxin-inducible phosphate transporter AsPT5 mediates phosphate transport and is indispensable for arbuscule formation in Chinese milk vetch at moderately high phosphate supply.
Biotransformation of struvite by Aspergillus niger: phosphate release and magnesium biomineralization as glushinskite.
The antifungal effects of cinnamaldehyde against Aspergillus niger and its application in bread preservation.
Symbioses among ants and microbes.
Effective mycoremediation coupled with bioaugmentation studies: An advanced study on newly isolated Aspergillus sp. in Type-II pyrethroid-contaminated soil.
Structure elucidation and absolute configuration of metabolites from the soil-derived fungus Dictyosporium digitatum using spectroscopic and computational methods.
Chitin and chitosan remodeling defines vegetative development and Trichoderma biocontrol.
Target Of Rapamycin pathway in the white-rot fungus Phanerochaete chrysosporium.
Baseline Sensitivity of Botrytis cinerea Isolates from Strawberry to Isofetamid Compared to other SDHIs.
Characterization and pro-inflammatory potential of indoor mold particles.
Cross-sectional study identifies lower risk of Staphylococcus aureus nasal colonisation in Danish blood donors with Hidradenitis suppurativa symptoms.
American Cutaneous Leishmaniasis in French Guiana: a retrospective comparison between liposomal amphotericin B and meglumine antimoniate.
Heritable genetic variation but no local adaptation in a pine-ectomycorrhizal interaction.
Non-structural carbohydrate concentrations of Fagus sylvatica and Pinus sylvestris fine roots are linked to ectomycorrhizal enzymatic activity during spring reactivation.
The high-efficient production of phelligridin LA by Inonotus baumii with an integrated fermentation-separation process.
The effect of plant compartments on the Broussonetia papyrifera-associated fungal and bacterial communities.
The zinc finger transcription factors Bbctf1alpha and Bbctf1beta regulate the expression of genes involved in lipid degradation and contribute to stress tolerance and virulence in a fungal insect pathogen.
A standardised bioassay method using a bench-top spray tower to evaluate entomopathogenic fungi for control of the greenhouse whitefly Trialeurodes vaporariorum.
Naphthalene derivatives and halogenate quinoline from the coral-derived fungus Trichoderma harzianum (XS-20090075) through OSMAC approach.
Antimicrobial and Wound Treatment Aspects of Micro- and Nanoformulations of Carboxymethyl, Dialdehyde, and TEMPO-Oxidized Derivatives of Cellulose: Recent Advances.
Effects of Agrobacterium tumefaciens strain types on the Agrobacterium-mediated transformation efficiency of filamentous fungus Mortierella alpine.
Functional characterization of the idtF and idtP genes in the Claviceps paspali indole diterpene biosynthetic gene cluster.
Functional characterization of cellulose-degrading AA9 lytic polysaccharide monooxygenases and their potential exploitation.
Perspectives for using glacial and periglacial microorganisms for plant growth promotion at low temperatures.
Fusarium concolor X4 Pretreatment Suppresses Light-Induced Yellowing of High-Yield Pulp.
Commercial Formulates of Trichoderma Induce Systemic Plant Resistance to Meloidogyne incognita in Tomato and the Effect Is Additive to That of the Mi-1.2 Resistance Gene.
The genus Catathelasma (Catathelasmataceae, Basidiomycota) in China.
Discovery of Cytospora species associated with canker disease of tree hosts from Mount Dongling of China.
Diversity and community of culturable endophytic fungi from stems and roots of desert halophytes in northwest China.
Longistriata flava (Boletaceae, Basidiomycota) - a new monotypic sequestrate genus and species from Brazilian Atlantic Forest.
A simple and effective method to discern the true commercial Chinese cordyceps from counterfeits.
Gemini quaternary ammonium compound PMT12-BF4 inhibits Candida albicans via regulating iron homeostasis.
Multi-center Evaluation of a PCR-based Digital Microfluidics and Electrochemical Detection System for the Rapid Identification of 15 Fungal Pathogens Directly from Positive Blood Cultures.
The Role of Lung and Gut Microbiota in the Pathology of Asthma.
Comparative genomics and association analysis identifies virulence genes of Cercospora sojina in soybean.
Evaluation of Biocontrol Activities of Streptomyces spp. against Rice Blast Disease Fungi.
2-Phenylethyl Isothiocyanate Exerts Antifungal Activity against Alternaria alternata by Affecting Membrane Integrity and Mycotoxin Production.
Different Dynamics of Bacterial and Fungal Communities in Hive-Stored Bee Bread and Their Possible Roles: A Case Study from Two Commercial Honey Bees in China.
The Biological and Chemical Diversity of Tetramic Acid Compounds from Marine-Derived Microorganisms.
Managed and Unmanaged Pinus sylvestris Forest Stands Harbour Similar Diversity and Composition of the Phyllosphere and Soil Fungi.
Detoxification of Mycotoxins through Biotransformation.
Cuminal Inhibits Trichothecium roseum Growth by Triggering Cell Starvation: Transcriptome and Proteome Analysis.
Lab-on-Chip Platform for Culturing and Dynamic Evaluation of Cells Development.
Sensitivity of hyperparasitic fungi to alternative products for use in the control of papaya black spot.
Increasing the species diversity in the Aspergillus section Nidulantes: Six novel species mainly from the indoor environment.
Use of natural resources from Southern Brazil as a strategy to mitigate fungal contamination.
Nitrate Stabilizes the Rhizospheric Fungal Community to Suppress Fusarium Wilt Disease in Cucumber.
Sclerotia of a phytopathogenic fungus restrict microbial diversity and improve soil health by suppressing other pathogens and enriching beneficial microorganisms.
A Review on Pharmacological Activities and Active Phytoconstituents of Roadside Trees of Tamil Nadu.
Chemical composition and combinatory antifungal activities of Ammoides verticillata, Allium sativum and Curcuma longa essential oils against four fungi responsible for Tomato Diseases.
Prevalence and risk factors of exit-site infection in incident peritoneal dialysis patients.
Phosphate excess increases susceptibility to pathogen infection in rice.
Host affinity of endophytic fungi and the potential for reciprocal interactions involving host secondary chemistry.
Important roles of dietary taurine, creatine, carnosine, anserine and 4-hydroxyproline in human nutrition and health.
Exopolysaccharides and Biofilms.
Alternative transcription start sites of the enolase-encoding gene enoA are stringently used in glycolytic/gluconeogenic conditions in Aspergillus oryzae.
Green synthesis of Copper Oxide/Carbon nanocomposites using the leaf extract of Adhatoda vasica Nees, their characterization and antimicrobial activity.
Manganese (II) removal from aqueous solutions by Cladosporium halotolerans and Hypocrea jecorina.
Niche differentiation in the rhizosphere and endosphere fungal microbiome of wild Paris polyphylla Sm.
Postharvest biochemical characteristics and ultrastructure of Coprinus comatus.
Molecular fossils reveal ancient associations of dsDNA viruses with several phyla of fungi.
Root flavonoids are related to enhanced AMF colonization of an invasive tree.
Structural characterization of Kannurin isoforms and evaluation of the role of beta-hydroxy fatty acid tail length in functional specificity.
Phosphorus-solubilizing Trichoderma spp. from Amazon soils improve soybean plant growth.
Contributions of Spore Secondary Metabolites to UV-C Protection and Virulence Vary in Different Aspergillus fumigatus Strains.
Cryptococcus neoformans Chitin Synthase 3 Plays a Critical Role in Dampening Host Inflammatory Responses.
Enzymatic treatment improves fast pyrolysis product selectivity of softwood and hardwood lignin.
Towards improved protein anti-fouling and anti-microbial properties of poly (vinylidene fluoride) membranes by blending with lactate salts-based polyurea as surface modifiers.
Starch-degrading enzymes from the brown-rot fungus Fomitopsis palustris.
Development of an immunocompetent murine model of pulmonary infection due to Scedosporium apiospermum.
Penicillium citrinum and Penicillium mallochii: New phytopathogens of orange fruit and their control using chitosan.
Hidden patterns of codon usage bias across kingdoms.
Structure, Function, Diversity, and Composition of Fungal Communities in Rhizospheric Soil of Coptis chinensis Franch under a Successive Cropping System.
Development of a Millet Starch Edible Film Containing Clove Essential Oil.
Interactions between Magnaporthiopsis maydis and Macrophomina phaseolina, the Causes of Wilt Diseases in Maize and Cotton.
Antitumor Activity of Asperphenin A, a Lipopeptidyl Benzophenone from Marine-Derived Aspergillus sp. Fungus, by Inhibiting Tubulin Polymerization in Colon Cancer Cells.
Cysteine Dioxygenase Enzyme Activity and Gene Expression in the Dimorphic Pathogenic Fungus Histoplasma capsulatum Is in both the Mold and Yeast Morphotypes and Exhibits Substantial Strain Variation.
Effect of Natural Rubber in Polyethylene Composites on Morphology, Mechanical Properties and Biodegradability.
Transcriptome profiling of the fungus Aspergillus nidulans exposed to a commercial glyphosate-based herbicide under conditions of apparent herbicide tolerance.
Occurrence, distribution and estimated intake of mercury and selenium from sclerotia of the medicinal fungus Wolfiporia cocos from China.
Growth and elemental uptake of Trifolium repens in response to biochar addition, arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and phosphorus fertilizer applications in low-Cd-polluted soils.
The Pathogenesis of Fungal-Related Diseases and Allergies in the African Population: The State of the Evidence and Knowledge Gaps.
Yeast filamentation signaling is connected to a specific substrate translocation mechanism of the Mep2 transceptor.
Diagnosis of human sporotrichosis in Campos dos Goytacazes, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Improving the antioxidant and anti-tyrosinase activities of Stemonae Radix by solid-state fermentation with Mucor circinelloides T2-12.
The tetrameric pheromone module SteC-MkkB-MpkB-SteD regulates asexual sporulation, sclerotia formation and aflatoxin production in Aspergillus flavus.
Congruent population genetic structures and divergence histories in anther-smut fungi and their host plants Silene italica and the S. nutans species complex.
Evaluation of Aflatoxin Concentrations and Occurrence of Potentially Toxigenic Fungi in Imported Chia Seeds Consumed in Thailand.
Delineation of a subgroup of the genus Paraburkholderia, including P. terrae DSM 17804T, P. hospita DSM 17164T and four soil-isolated fungiphiles, reveals remarkable genomic and ecological features - Proposal for the definition of a P. hospita species cluster.
Use of plant materials for the bioremediation of soil from an industrial site.
Preparation, characterization and cell viability of encapsulated Trichoderma asperellum in alginate beads.
Effects of adding solid and molten chocolate on the physicochemical, antioxidant, microbiological, and sensory properties of ewe \' s milk cheese.
Healthy Human Gastrointestinal Microbiome: Composition and Function After a Decade of Exploration.
Miscanthus cultivation shapes rhizosphere microbial community structure and function as assessed by Illumina MiSeq sequencing combined with PICRUSt and FUNGUIld analyses.
Genetic variation and evolutionary history of a mycorrhizal fungus regulate the currency of exchange in symbiosis with the food security crop cassava.
Genomic insights into the lifestyles, functional capacities and oleagenicity of members of the fungal family Trichosporonaceae.
New 6,19-oxidoandrostan derivatives obtained by biotransformation in environmental filamentous fungi cultures.
Exposure to endophytic fungi quantitatively and compositionally alters anthocyanins in grape cells.
Metagenomics revealed the phase-related characteristics during rapid development of halotolerant aerobic granular sludge.
Microbial diversity, ecological networks and functional traits associated to materials used in drinking water distribution systems.
Role of ultrasound in assisted fermentation technologies for process enhancements.
Identification and Characterization of Pestalotioid Fungi Causing Leaf Spots on Mango in Southern China.
Assessing the Curative and Protective Impacts of Select Fungicides for Control of Powdery Mildew of Wheat.
Assessing Biogeography of Coffee Rust Risk in Brazil as Affected by the El Nino Southern Oscillation.
A metagenomic assessment of microbial eukaryotic diversity in the global ocean.
Molecular characterization of a novel fusarivirus infecting the plant-pathogenic fungus Botryosphaeria dothidea.
Design and synthesis of new antifungals based on N- un-substituted azoles as 14alpha demethylase inhibitor.
Activity of Metal-Azole Complexes against Biofilms of Candida albicans and Candida glabrata.
The effect of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and biochar on the growth and Cd/Pb accumulation in Zea mays.
[Polysaccharide from Phellinus igniarius alleviates oxidative stress and hepatic fibrosis in Schistosoma japonicum-infected mice].
GPI7-mediated Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI) Anchoring Regulates Appressorial Penetration and Immune Evasion during Infection of Magnaporthe oryzae.
Direct conversion of carlactonoic acid to orobanchol by cytochrome P450 CYP722C in strigolactone biosynthesis.
Influence of saprophytic fungi and inorganic additives on enzyme activities and chemical properties of the biodegradation process of wheat straw for the production of organo-mineral amendments.
Multicentre registry data analysis comparing outcomes of culture-negative peritonitis and different subtypes of culture-positive peritonitis in peritoneal dialysis patients.
The culture from peritoneal dialysis catheter enhances yield of microorganism identification in peritoneal dialysis-related peritonitis.
A New Epi-neoverrucosane-type Diterpenoid from the Liverwort Pleurozia subinflata in Borneo.
Dead Rhizophagus irregularis biomass mysteriously stimulates plant growth.
Identification of a gene encoding the last step of the L-rhamnose catabolic pathway in Aspergillus niger revealed the inducer of the pathway regulator.
Characteristics and interactions of bioaerosol microorganisms from wastewater treatment plants.
Candida auris candidaemia in an intensive care unit - Prospective observational study to evaluate epidemiology, risk factors, and outcome.
Lanostane triterpenoids with anti-inflammatory activities from Ganoderma lucidum.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa polymicrobial interactions during lung infection.
4-Substituted picolinohydrazonamides as a new class of potential antitubercular agents.
HMI-PRED: A Web Server for Structural Prediction of Host-Microbe Interactions Based on Interface Mimicry.
Design and validation of a real-time PCR technique for assessing the level of inclusion of fungus- and yeast-based additives in feeds.
A clinical predictive model of candidemia by Candida auris in previously colonised critically ill patients.
Evolutionary aspects and enzymology of metazoan carotenoid cleavage oxygenases.
Development of monoclonal antibodies against melon necrotic spot virus and their use for virus detection.
Evaluation of 16S rRNA broad range PCR assay for microbial detection in serum specimens in sepsis patients.
Perspectives on the evolution of aquaporin superfamily.
DES2 is a fatty acid Delta11 desaturase capable of synthesizing palmitvaccenic acid in the arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus Rhizophagus irregularis.
Members of the nitronate monooxygenase gene family from Metarhizium brunneum are induced during the process of infection to Plutella xylostella.
C-type Lectins in Immunity to Lung Pathogens.
Evaluation of semiochemical based push-pull strategy for population suppression of ambrosia beetle vectors of laurel wilt disease in avocado.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi promote the growth of plants in the mining associated clay.
A General Method for Quantification and Discovery of Acyl Groups Attached to Acyl Carrier Proteins in Fatty Acid Metabolism using LC-MS/MS.
Proteomic characterization of lignocellulolytic enzymes secreted by the insect-associated fungus, Daldinia decipiens oita, isolated from the forest in northern Japan.
Laccaria bicolor Mobilizes both Labile Aluminum and Inorganic Phosphate in Rhizosphere Soil of Pinus massoniana Seedlings Field-grown in a Yellow Acidic Soil.
Domestication of Oryza species eco-evolutionarily shapes bacterial and fungal communities in rice seed.
The modular nature of protein evolution: domain rearrangement rates across eukaryotic life.
Ultra-High-Performance Liquid Chromatography Coupled with Quadrupole Orbitrap High-Resolution Mass Spectrometry for Multi-Residue Analysis of Mycotoxins and Pesticides in Botanical Nutraceuticals.
Detection Methods for Aflatoxin M1 in Dairy Products.
Minimum tillage and residue retention increase soil microbial population size and diversity: Implications for conservation tillage.
Divergent gross nitrogen transformation paths in the topsoil and subsoil between abandoned and agricultural cultivation land in irrigated areas.
Isolation of Cryptococcus species from the external environments of hospital and academic areas.
A manganese (II) complex tethered with S-benzyldithiocarbazate Schiff base: Synthesis, characterization, in-vitro therapeutic activity and protein interaction studies.
Enhanced nitrate removal from surface water in a denitrifying woodchip bioreactor with a heterotrophic nitrifying and aerobic denitrifying fungus.
Siderophores from the Entomopathogenic Fungus Beauveria bassiana.
Differential gene expression between fungal mating types is associated with sequence degeneration.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal and microbial profiles of an aged phenol-polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbon-contaminated soil.
Dual production of polyunsaturated fatty acids and beta-carotene with Mucor wosnessenskii by the process of solid-state fermentation using agro-industrial waste.
Immunocompetence of Gynaikothrips uzeli (Thysanoptera: Phlaeothripidae) populations from different latitudes against Beauveria bassiana (Hypocreales: Cordycipitaceae).
Microbial etiology, susceptibility profile of postradiation nasopharyngeal necrosis patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Seven new Neocallimastigomycota genera from wild, zoo-housed, and domesticated herbivores greatly expand the taxonomic diversity of the phylum.
Flavipesides A-C, PKS-NRPS Hybrids as Pancreatic Lipase Inhibitors from a Marine Sponge Symbiotic Fungus Aspergillus flavipes 164013.
Demographic details, risk factors, microbiological profile, and clinical outcomes of pediatric infectious keratitis cases in North India.
Microorganisms in the phylloplane modulate the BVOC emissions of Brassica nigra leaves.
Parental silencing of a horizontally transferred carotenoid desaturase gene causes a reduction of red pigment and fitness in the pea aphid.
First azole-resistant Aspergillus fumigatus isolates with the environmental TR46 /Y121F/ T289A mutation in Iran.
The complete genome sequence of a novel hypovirus infecting Bipolaris oryzae.
Colorimetric aggregation assay based on array of gold and silver nanoparticles for simultaneous analysis of aflatoxins, ochratoxin and zearalenone by using chemometric analysis and paper based analytical devices.
Data on the genome analysis of the wood-rotting fungus Steccherinum ochraceum LE-BIN 3174.
Identification of Dermatophyte and Nondermatophyte Molds Isolated from Animal Lesions Suspected to Dermatomycoses.
Clinicomycological Study of Dermatophytosis in a Tertiary Care Hospital in Eastern India: A Cross-sectional Study.
Green synthesis of metallic nanoparticles as effective alternatives to treat antibiotics resistant bacterial infections: A review.
Effect of Cordyceps militaris Hot Water Extract on Immunomodulation-associated Gene Expression in Broilers, Gallus gallus.
Receptor-like kinases sustain symbiotic scrutiny.
The hydrolysis mechanism of a GH45 cellulase and its potential relation to lytic transglycosylase and expansin function.
Optimal process design space to ensure maximum viability and productivity in Penicillium chrysogenum pellets during fed-batch cultivations through morphological and physiological control.
Identification and characterization of an efficient D-xylose transporter in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Effects of body weight and fiber sources on fiber digestibility and short chain fatty acid concentration in growing pigs.
Co-cultured methanogen improved the metabolism in the hydrogenosome of anaerobic fungus as revealed by GC/MS analysis.
Cyclin-Dependent Kinase 5 Inhibitor Butyrolactone I Elicits a Partial Agonist Activity of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor gamma.
Antimicrobial Activity of Host-Derived Lipids.
Putative Role of a Yet Uncharacterized Protein Elicitor PeBb1 Derived from Beauveria bassiana ARSEF 2860 Strain against Myzus persicae (Homoptera: Aphididae) in Brassica rapa ssp. pekinensis.
Chitosan-TiO2: A Versatile Hybrid Composite.
Community Compositions of Phytoplankton and Eukaryotes during the Mixing Periods of a Drinking Water Reservoir: Dynamics and Interactions.
Crystalloid structures in a lung FNAC.
Root-associated fungi and carbon storage in Arctic ecosystems.
Stepping forward from relevance in mycorrhizal ecology.
Review of NIOSH Cannabis-Related Health Hazard Evaluations and Research.
Rhizospheric soil fungal community patterns of Duchesnea indica in response to altitude gradient in Yunnan, southwest China.
Rational Design of Mechanism-Based Inhibitors and Activity-Based Probes for the Identification of Retaining alpha-L-Arabinofuranosidases.
Coccidioidomycosis (Valley Fever) in Primary Care.
Microbial sources of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and the prospect of organic residues and wastes as growth media for PUFA-producing microorganisms.
Droplet Digital PCR Technology for Detection of Ilyonectria liriodendri from Grapevine Environmental Samples.
Syntheses of Epoxyguaiane Sesquiterpenes (-)-Englerin A, (-)-Oxyphyllol, (+)-Orientalol E, and (+)-Orientalol F: A Synthetic Biology Approach.
Linkages between changes in plant and mycorrhizal fungal community composition at high versus low elevation in alpine ecosystems.
Extracellular laccase from Monilinia fructicola: isolation, primary characterization and application.
The influence of harvesting time and meteorological conditions on the occurrence of Fusarium species and mycotoxin contamination of spring cereals.
Biosorption of copper by immobilized biomass of Aspergillus australensis. Effect of metal on the viability, cellular components, polyhydroxyalkanoates production, and oxidative stress.
A novel huperzine A-producing endophytic fungus Fusarium sp. Rsp5.2 isolated from Huperzia serrate.
Ultrastructural changes during the symbiotic seed germination of Gastrodia elata with fungi, with emphasis on the fungal colonization region.
Microbial L-asparaginase: purification, characterization and applications.
Evaluation of ID-Fungi-Plates  media for identification of molds by MALDI-Biotyper .
The biology of ergothioneine, an antioxidant nutraceutical.
Induction of Cryptic Antifungal Pulicatin Derivatives from Pantoea agglomerans by Microbial Co-Culture.
An Overview on Conventional and Non-Conventional Therapeutic Approaches for the Treatment of Candidiasis and Underlying Resistance Mechanisms in Clinical Strains.
In Vitro and Ex Vivo Antibiofilm Activity of a Lipopeptide Biosurfactant Produced by the Entomopathogenic Beauveria bassiana Strain against Microsporum canis.
Development of a novel fungal fluidized-bed reactor for gaseous ethanol removal.
A Hydrolase-Catalyzed Cyclization Forms the Fused Bicyclic beta-Lactone in Vibralactone.
Rapid identification of clinical common invasive fungi via a multi-channel real-time fluorescent polymerase chain reaction melting curve analysis.
The endoplasmic reticulum-mitochondria encounter structure: coordinating lipid metabolism across membranes.
Identification of Genes Underlying the Resistance to Melampsora larici-populina in an R Gene Supercluster of the Populus deltoides Genome.
Major challenges and perspectives in the diagnostics and treatment of dermatophyte infections.
Good heavens what animal can pollinate it? A fungus-like holoparasitic plant potentially pollinated by opossums.
Seasonal variation in energy balance of wild Japanese macaques (Macaca fucata yakui) in a warm-temperate forest: a preliminary assessment in the coastal forest of Yakushima.
Mucus plugs and bronchial wall thickening on three-dimensional computed tomography in patients with unexplained chronic cough whose sputum yielded filamentous Basidiomycetes.
Solving an old enigma: Morellospora saccamoebae gen. nov., sp. nov. (Rozellomycota), a Sphaerita-like parasite of free-living amoebae.
Analysis of pathogenetic process of fungal rhinosinusitis: Report of two cases.
Recent Advances of CRISPR/Cas9-Based Genetic Engineering and Transcriptional Regulation in Industrial Biology.
Face/Off: The Interchangeable Side of Candida Albicans.
Effect of Nano Fe-oxide and Endophytic Fungus (P. indica) on Petroleum Hydrocarbons Degradation in an Arsenic Contaminated Soil under Barley Cultivation.
LAM Genes Contribute to Environmental Stress Tolerance but Sensibilize Yeast Cells to Azoles.
Calcium Transport Proteins in Fungi: The Phylogenetic Diversity of Their Relevance for Growth, Virulence, and Stress Resistance.
Dark Septate Endophytes Improve the Growth and the Tolerance of Medicago sativa and Ammopiptanthus mongolicus Under Cadmium Stress.
Drug resistance and tolerance in fungi.
Chronicles of nature calendar, a long-term and large-scale multitaxon database on phenology.
Formation of Common Mycorrhizal Networks Significantly Affect Plant Biomass and Soil Properties of the Neighboring Plants under Various Nitrogen Levels.
The Pattern and Function of DNA Methylation in Fungal Plant Pathogens.
Morphological, Pathogenic and Toxigenic Variability in the Rice Sheath Rot Pathogen Sarocladium Oryzae.
Characterization of Fungal Endophytes Isolated from the Metal Hyperaccumulator Plant Vachellia farnesiana Growing in Mine Tailings.
Processed Food Additive Microbial Transglutaminase and Its Cross-Linked Gliadin Complexes Are Potential Public Health Concerns in Celiac Disease.
An Overview of the Molecular Genetics of Plant Resistance to the Verticillium Wilt Pathogen Verticillium dahliae.
Transcriptomic and Metabolomic Changes Triggered by Fusarium solani in Common Bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.).
Resistant fungi isolated from contaminated uranium mine in Brazil shows a high capacity to uptake uranium from water.
Transcriptional analysis of wheat seedlings inoculated with Fusarium culmorum under continual exposure to disease defence inductors.
Volatilomes of Cyclocybe aegerita during different stages of monokaryotic and dikaryotic fruiting.
Compatibility of commercially produced protective cultures with common cheesemaking cultures and their antagonistic effect on foodborne pathogens.
Vaginal microbiota and mucosal immune markers in women with vulvovaginal discomfort.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi colonization and physiological functions toward wetland plants under different water regimes.
A tandem-repeat galectin-1 from Apostichopus japonicus with broad PAMP recognition pattern and antibacterial activity.
The Fusarium mycotoxin, 2-Amino-14,16-dimethyloctadecan-3-ol (AOD) induces vacuolization in HepG2 cells.
Assessment of the diversity of Brazilian entomopathogenic fungi in the genus Beauveria.
A novel GH30 xylobiohydrolase from Acremonium alcalophilum releasing xylobiose from the non-reducing end.
Entomopathogenic effect of Trichothecium roseum (Pers.) Link (Hypocreales: Ascomycota) against Pauropsylla buxtoni (Psylloidea: Hemiptera) infesting Ficus carica leaves and its potential use as biocontrol agent of the insect.
Biosynthetic gene cluster identification and biological activity of lucilactaene from Fusarium sp. RK97-94.
Distribution of P1(D1) wart disease resistance in potato germplasm and GWAS identification of haplotype-specific SNP markers.
Overexpression of global regulator LaeA increases secondary metabolite production in Monascus purpureus.
Diversity of A Phosphate Transporter Gene among species and isolates of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
A clinical study on the use of Huaier granules in post-surgical treatment of triple-negative breast cancer.
Atypical Tinea Corporis Revealing a Human Immunodeficiency Virus Infection.
The hornwort genome and early land plant evolution.
Soil properties explain tree growth and mortality, but not biomass, across phosphorus-depleted tropical forests.
Pleuromutilin Inhibits Proliferation and Migration of A2780 and Caov-3 Ovarian Carcinoma Cells and Growth of Mouse A2780 Tumor Xenografts by Down-Regulation of pFAK2.
C1q/TNF-Related Protein 6 Is a Pattern Recognition Molecule That Recruits Collectin-11 from the Complement System to Ligands.
Wild edible ectomycorrhizal fungi: an underutilized food resource from the rainforests of Tshopo province (Democratic Republic of the Congo).
Cytokinins Are Abundant and Widespread Among Insect Species.
Endolithic Fungal Species Markers for Harshest Conditions in the McMurdo Dry Valleys, Antarctica.
Methylcellulose Hydrogel with Melissa officinalis Essential Oil as a Potential Treatment for Oral Candidiasis.
Metagenomic analysis exploring microbial assemblages and functional genes potentially involved in di (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate degradation in soil.
Nonlinear responses of total belowground carbon flux and its components to increased nitrogen availability in temperate forests.
[Determination of biofilm forming activity of microorganisms on synthetic polymeric materials.]
Genetic, Immunological, and Clinical Features of the First Mexican Cohort of Patients with Chronic Granulomatous Disease.
Re-drawing the Maps for Endemic Mycoses.
Microbiome and Gastric Cancer.
A novel narnavirus isolated from the wheat stripe rust fungus Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici.
The role of surface chemistry for the super-hydrophobicity of the springtail Orchesella cincta (Insecta:Collembola).
Laboratory Maintenance and Growth of Talaromyces marneffei.
Mining Symbionts of Spider-Transmitted Fungus Illuminates Uncharted Biosynthetic Pathways to Cytotoxic Benzolactones.
The bZIP transcription factor VdAtf1 regulates virulence by mediating nitrogen metabolism in Verticillium dahliae.
Comparative genomics applied to Mucor species with different lifestyles.
Digesta retention time and recovery rates of ants and termites in Chinese pangolins (Manis pentadactyla).
Biocontrol Potential of a Novel Endophytic Bacterium From Mulberry (Morus) Tree.
Pulmonary artery aneurysm rupture.
Peptidoglycan Recognition Proteins (PGRPs) Modulates Mosquito Resistance to Fungal Entomopathogens in a Fungal-Strain Specific Manner.
Extracellular Vesicles Released From the Skin Commensal Yeast Malassezia sympodialis Activate Human Primary Keratinocytes.
ONYCHOMYCOSIS: A Review of New and Emerging Topical and Device-based Treatments.
Nano-SnCl4.SiO2, an efficient catalyst for synthesis of benzimidazole drivatives as antifungal and cytotoxic agents.
Modulation of the Root Microbiome by Plant Molecules: The Basis for Targeted Disease Suppression and Plant Growth Promotion.
Evolutionary and Functional Analysis of a Chara Plasma Membrane H+-ATPase.
The Daisho Peptides Mediate Drosophila Defense Against a Subset of Filamentous Fungi.
Microbiome Dynamics Associated With the Atacama Flowering Desert.
Spectral-Based Screening Approach Evaluating Two Specific Maize Lines With Divergent Resistance to Invasion by Aflatoxigenic Fungi.
Metabolic Response of Pleurotus ostreatus to Continuous Heat Stress.
Comparative Transcriptomics Reveals Features and Possible Mechanisms of Glucose-Mediated Soil Fungistasis Relief in Arthrobotrys oligospora.
Designing Probiotic Therapies With Broad-Spectrum Activity Against a Wildlife Pathogen.
Poplar Rows in Temperate Agroforestry Croplands Promote Bacteria, Fungi, and Denitrification Genes in Soils.
Community Assembly of Endophytic Fungi in Ectomycorrhizae of Betulaceae Plants at a Regional Scale.
Calcineurin A Is Essential in the Regulation of Asexual Development, Stress Responses and Pathogenesis in Talaromyces marneffei.
"CATAStrophy," a Genome-Informed Trophic Classification of Filamentous Plant Pathogens - How Many Different Types of Filamentous Plant Pathogens Are There?
Evolutionary Histories of Type III Polyketide Synthases in Fungi.
3D domain swapping in the TIM barrel of the alpha subunit of Streptococcus pneumoniae tryptophan synthase.
Aspartic peptidase of Phialophora verrucosa as target of HIV peptidase inhibitors: blockage of its enzymatic activity and interference with fungal growth and macrophage interaction.
Aspermeroterpenes A-C: Three Meroterpenoids from the Marine-Derived Fungus Aspergillus terreus GZU-31-1.
3D biofilms: in search of the polysaccharides holding together lichen symbioses.
Coproducts of algae and yeast-derived single cell oils: A critical review of their role in improving biorefinery sustainability.
Sino-orbital infection caused by Schizophyllum commune - rare presentation of a basidiomycetous fungus.
A snapshot of diversity: Intraclonal variation of Escherichia coli clones as commensals and pathogens.
Antioxidant compounds from microbial sources: A review.
Platinum complex with pyrimidine and morpholine based ligand: Synthesis, spectroscopic, DFT, TDDFT, catalytic reduction, in vitro anticancer, antioxidant, antimicrobial, DNA binding and molecular modeling studies.
Solid-state fermentation of ammoniated corn straw to produce feed protein and toxicological assessment of the product.
Trelagliptin succinate: DPP-4 inhibitor to improve insulin resistance in adipocytes.
Protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) inhibitorsfrom the deep-sea fungus Penicillium chrysogenum SCSIO 07007.
The effects of trace narasin on the biogeochemical N-cycle in a cultivated sandy loam.
Heterologous expression and molecular binding properties of AofleA, a fucose-specific lectin from nematophagous fungus Arthrobotrys oligospora.
Dietary supplementation of Geotrichum candidum improves growth, gut microbiota, immune-related gene expression and disease resistance in gibel carp CAS III (Carassius auratus gibelio).
Sensitisation to aeroallergens in relation to asthma and other allergic diseases in Angolan children: a cross-sectional study.
Use of yeasts from different environments for the control of Penicillium expansum on table grapes at storage temperature.
Anti-inflammation activity of exopolysaccharides produced by a medicinal fungus Cordyceps sinensis Cs-HK1 in cell and animal models.
Contrasting co-occurrence patterns of photobiont and cystobasidiomycete yeast associated with common epiphytic lichen species.
Microbial Biofilms in Nature: Unlocking their Potential for Agricultural Applications.
The effect of combined ecological remediation (plant microorganism modifier) on rare earth mine wasteland.
The Growth and Aflatoxin B1, B2, G1 and G2 Production by Aspergillus flavus and A. parasiticus on Ground Flax Seeds (Linum usitatissimum).
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) enhanced the growth, yield, fiber quality and phosphorus regulation in upland cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.).
Identification and Functional Analysis of Photoreceptors in Blakeslea trispora.
Beeswax-Modified Textiles: Method of Preparation and Assessment of Antimicrobial Properties.
TmSpz6 Is Essential for Regulating the Immune Response to Escherichia Coli and Staphylococcus Aureus Infection in Tenebrio Molitor.
Early stage root-Associated fungi show a high temporal turnover, but Are independent of beech progeny.
Biological Evaluation and In Silico Study of Benzoic Acid Derivatives from Bjerkandera adusta Targeting Proteostasis Network Modules.
Molecular Characterization and Disease Control of Stem Canker on Royal Poinciana (Delonix regia) Caused by Neoscytalidium dimidiatum in the United Arab Emirates.
Monoclonal Antibodies as Tools to Combat Fungal Infections.
beta-Mannanase Production Using Coffee Industry Waste for Application in Soluble Coffee Processing.
Function of ceramide synthases on growth, ganoderic acid biosynthesis and sphingolipid homeostasis in Ganoderma lucidum.
Cell-free expression of natively folded hydrophobins.
Quinolone Resistance-Associated Mutations in Mycoplasma genitalium: Not Ready for Prime Time.
Gene family expansion of pinewood nematode to detoxify its host defence chemicals.
Spectral differentiation of oak wilt from foliar fungal disease and drought is correlated with physiological changes.
Reactions of Soybean Germplasm Accessions to Six Phakopsora pachyrhizi Isolates from the United States.
Biochemical control of Alternaria tenuissima infecting post-harvest fig fruit by chickpea vicillin.
Prospective trial for the clinical efficacy of anogenital skin care with miconazole nitrate-containing soap for diaper candidiasis.
Toll-Like Receptors Signaling in the Tumor Microenvironment.
Performance of the new ID-fungi plate using two types of reference libraries (Bruker and MSI) to identify fungi with the Bruker MALDI Biotyper.
Clinical relevance of Scedosporium spp. and Exophiala dermatitidis in patients with cystic fibrosis: A nationwide study.
Efficiency of the Bioverm   (Duddingtonia flagrans) fungal formulation to control in vivo and in vitro of Haemonchus contortus and Strongyloides papillosus in sheep.
Relationship between environmental Fungi and changes in lung function indices of new referral allergic patients in Ahvaz city under normal and dust conditions.
Draft Genome Sequence of the Globally Distributed Cockroach-Infecting Fungus Herpomyces periplanetae Strain D. Haelew. 1187d.
Sustainable Approaches to Parasite Control in Ruminant Livestock.
Monarubins A-C from the Marine Shellfish-Associated Fungus Monascus ruber BB5.
Contributions of the Biofilm Matrix to Candida Pathogenesis.
Chloroanisoles and Chlorophenols Explain Mold Odor but Their Impact on the Swedish Population Is Attributed to Dampness and Mold.
Behcet \' s disease with invasive pulmonary aspergillosis and Aspergillus auriculatus infection: A case report.
Rhino-orbito-cerebral Mucormycosis in Diabetic Disease.
Comparison of UV-LEDs and LPUV on inactivation and subsequent reactivation of waterborne fungal spores.
Smut fungal strategies for the successful infection.
Heat shock proteins (HSP 90, 70, 60, and 27) in Galleria mellonella (Lepidoptera) hemolymph are affected by infection with Conidiobolus coronatus (Entomophthorales).
Resistance to Thiophanate-Methyl in Botrytis cinerea Isolates From Californian Vineyards and Pistachio and Pomegranate Orchards.
Trichothecium roseum Enters  \' Fuji \'  Apple Cores Through Stylar Fissures.
[Possibility of treatment chronic adenoiditis and otitis media with effusion in children, into account the role of the microbiota of the mucous of the nasopharynx].
Movement of small RNAs in and between plants and fungi.
Inhibitory effects of essential oils from Asteraceae plant against pathogenic fungi of Panax notoginseng.
Silver nanoparticle from whole cells of the fungi Trichoderma spp. isolated from Brazilian Amazon.
Isotopic constraints on plant nitrogen acquisition strategies during ecosystem retrogression.
Class I defensins (BraDef) from broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. italica) seeds and their antimicrobial activity.
Restricting mycotoxins without killing the producers: a new paradigm in nano-fungal interactions.
Time of Feeding Alters Obesity-Associated Parameters and Gut Bacterial Communities, but Not Fungal Populations, in C57BL/6 Male Mice.
Draft genome assembly dataset of the Basidiomycete pathogenic fungus, Ganoderma boninense.
Genome Survey and Transcriptome Analysis on Mycelia and Primordia of Agaricus blazei.
Influence of delivery and feeding mode in oral fungi colonization - a systematic review.
Bone Regeneration in Allergic Fungal Rhinosinusitis: Post-treatment Image Follow Up.
Rapid Least Concern: towards automating Red List assessments.
Positive quantitative PCR detecting Fusarium solani in a case of mixed invasive fungal disease due to Mucorales and Fusarium solani.
A new class of dimeric product isolated from the fungus Chaetomium globosum: evaluation of chemical structure and biological activity.
Piriformospora indica symbiosis improves water stress tolerance of rice through regulating stomata behavior and ROS scavenging systems.
Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) Immune Responses with Different Feeding Regimes Following Infection by the Entomopathogenic Fungus Metarhizium anisopliae.
Additive Effect of Botanical Insecticide and Entomopathogenic Fungi on Pest Mortality and the Behavioral Response of Its Natural Enemy.
The Time-Concentration-Mortality Responses of Western Flower Thrips, Frankliniella occidentalis, to the Synergistic Interaction of Entomopathogenic Fungus Metarhizium flavoviride, Insecticides, and Diatomaceous Earth.
A 28 Day Clinical Assessment of a Lactic Acid-containing Antimicrobial Intimate Gel Wash Formulation on Skin Tolerance and Impact on the Vulvar Microbiome.
Breakthrough Bloodstream Infections Caused by Echinocandin-Resistant Candida tropicalis: An Emerging Threat to Immunocompromised Patients with Hematological Malignancies.
The Squeaky Yeast Gets Greased: The Roles of Host Lipids in the Clearance of Pathogenic Fungi.
Elicitor and Receptor Molecules: Orchestrators of Plant Defense and Immunity.
The Search for Quorum Sensing in Botrytis cinerea: Regulatory Activity of Its Extracts on Its Development.
[Analysis of the pathogenic characteristics of fungal bloodstream infection in severe burn patients].
[Analysis of distribution and drug resistance of pathogens isolated from 159 patients with catheter-related bloodstream infection in burn intensive care unit].
Multigene phylogeny and taxonomy of Dendryphion hydei and Torula hydei spp. nov. from herbaceous litter in northern Thailand.
Molecular assays to detect the presence and viability of Phytophthora ramorum and Grosmannia clavigera.
Arabidopsis Response Regulator 6 (ARR6) modulates plant cell wall composition and disease resistance.
Identification of A Unique Azaphilone Produced by Chaetomium globosum Isolated from Polygonatum sibiricum.
Colletotrichum Keratitis: a rare yet important fungal infection of human eyes.
Risks associated with pathogenic fungi isolated from surgical centers, intensive care units, and materials sterilization center in hospitals. Risks associated with pathogenic fungi isolated from critical hospital areas.
The skin and soft tissue infections in hematological patients.
Mycotoxin Altertoxin II Induces Lipid Peroxidation Connecting Mitochondrial Stress Response to NF-kappaB Inhibition in THP-1 Macrophages.
New efficient eco-friendly supported catalysts for the synthesis of amides with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties.
Studies on the Novel Pyridine Sulfide Containing SDH Based Heterocyclic Amide Fungicide.
Phosphatidic acid produced by phospholipase D is required for hyphal cell-cell fusion and fungal-plant symbiosis.
Phosphoproteomic analysis of STRIPAK mutants identifies a conserved serine phosphorylation site in PAK kinase CLA4 to be important in fungal sexual development and polarized growth.
Cheating in arbuscular mycorrhizal mutualism: a network and phylogenetic analysis of mycoheterotrophy.
Crystal structure of thioredoxin 1 from Cryptococcus neoformans at 1.8 A resolution shows unexpected plasticity of the loop preceding the catalytic site.
Metabolic engineering of the cellulolytic thermophilic fungus Myceliophthora thermophila to produce ethanol from cellobiose.
Species Diversity, Molecular Characterization, and Antimicrobial Susceptibility of Opportunistic Actinomycetes Isolated from Immunocompromised and Healthy Patients of Markazi Province of Iran.
Recent Developments in the Facile Bio-Synthesis of Gold Nanoparticles (AuNPs) and Their Biomedical Applications.
Microbial contamination in herbal medicines: a serious health hazard to elderly consumers.
Interactions of nitrogen and phosphorus cycling promote P acquisition and explain synergistic plant growth responses.
Fungal biocatalysts for labdane diterpene hydroxylation.
Evaluation of two rapid molecular test systems to establish an algorithm for fast identification of bacterial pathogens from positive blood cultures.
Invasive Saprochaete capitata Infection in a Patient with Autosomal Recessive CARD9 Deficiency and a Review of the Literature.
Fast quantification of free amino acids in food by microfluidic voltage-assisted liquid desorption electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry.
Identification of the genes involved in growth characters of medicinal fungus Ophiocordyceps sinensis based on Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation.
Fungi from the extremes of life: an untapped treasure for bioactive compounds.
Induced Defenses of a Novel Host Tree Affect the Growth and Interactions of Bark Beetle-Vectored Fungi.
Quantitative global studies reveal differential translational control by start codon context across the fungal kingdom.
Reducing Aspergillus fumigatus Virulence through Targeted Dysregulation of the Conidiation Pathway.
The Aspergillus fumigatus Phosphoproteome Reveals Roles of High-Osmolarity Glycerol Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinases in Promoting Cell Wall Damage and Caspofungin Tolerance.
Melanization in Cryptococcus neoformans Requires Complex Regulation.
Influence of Plant Fraction, Soil, and Plant Species on Microbiota: a Multikingdom Comparison.
Monasone Naphthoquinone Biosynthesis and Resistance in Monascus Fungi.
Tandem integration of aerobic fungal cellulase production, lignocellulose substrate saccharification and anaerobic ethanol fermentation by a modified gas lift bioreactor.
Exploring the visual world of fossilized and modern fungus gnat eyes (Diptera: Keroplatidae) with X-ray microtomography.
Enzymatic Modification of Native Chitin and Conversion to Specialty Chemical Products.
Identification of the Main Metabolites of a Marine-Derived Strain of Penicillium brevicompactum Using LC and GC MS Techniques.
A Liquid Chromatographic Method for Rapid and Sensitive Analysis of Aflatoxins in Laboratory Fungal Cultures.
Mining Natural Product Biosynthesis in Eukaryotic Algae.
[Allergic rhinitis \'  treatment in children in Argentina. Update].
Trichothecenes from an Endophytic Fungus Alternaria sp. sb23.
Short term seasonal effects of airborne fungal spores on lung function in a panel study of schoolchildren residing in informal settlements of the Western Cape of South Africa.
Iron-based porous metal-organic frameworks with crop nutritional function as carriers for controlled fungicide release.
Laccases 2 &amp; 3 as biomarkers of Botrytis cinerea infection in sweet white wines.
Synthesis, secretion, and antifungal mechanism of a phosphatidylethanolamine-binding protein from the silk gland of the silkworm Bombyx mori.
Profiling of the viable bacterial and fungal microbiota in fermented feeds using single molecule real-time sequencing.
Characterizing the role of Zn cluster family transcription factor ZcfA in governing development in two Aspergillus species.
Quantitative trait loci (QTL) underlying phenotypic variation in bioethanol-related processes in Neurospora crassa.
Population Genetics and Fungicide Resistance of Botrytis cinerea on Vitis and Prunus spp. in California.
Carbon metabolic profiling of Trichoderma strains provides insight into potential ecological niches.
Cryptogams signify key transitions of bacteria and fungi in Arctic sand dune succession.
Pomegranate peel waste: a new substrate for citric acid production by Aspergillus niger in solid-state fermentation under non-aseptic conditions.
Effects of biochar particle size and concomitant nitrogen fertilization on soil microbial community structure during the maize seedling stage.
The accumulation of rare-earth yttrium ions by Penicillium sp. ZD28.
Rhizotaxis Modulation in Arabidopsis is Induced by Diffusible Compounds Produced during the Cocultivation of Arabidopsis and the Endophytic Fungus Serendipita indica.
pH-Responsive copolymer micelles to enhance itraconazole efficacy against Candida albicans biofilms.
Microbial Community Changes in the Rhizosphere Soil of Healthy and Rusty Panax ginseng and Discovery of Pivotal Fungal Genera Associated with Rusty Roots.
Enhanced production of questin by marine-derived Aspergillus flavipes HN4-13.
Unrecognized controls on microbial functioning in Blue Carbon ecosystems: The role of mineral enzyme stabilization and allochthonous substrate supply.
Environmental influences on and antimicrobial activity of the skin microbiota of Proceratophrys boiei (Amphibia, Anura) across forest fragments.
Multiple elements of soil biodiversity drive ecosystem functions across biomes.
Diagnostic information Profiling and Evaluation of Causative Fungi of Fungal Keratitis Using High-throughput Internal Transcribed Spacer Sequencing.
A rare gain of function mutation in a wheat tandem kinase confers resistance to powdery mildew.
Unique subsite specificity and potential natural function of a chitosan deacetylase from the human pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans.
Facilitative and synergistic interactions between fungal and plant viruses.
Rezafungin In Vitro Activity against Contemporary Clinical Nordic Candida Isolates and Candida auris Determined by the EUCAST Reference Method.
Microbial degradation and other environmental aspects of microplastics/plastics.
The alpha-D-glucan from marine fungus Phoma herbarum YS4108 ameliorated mice colitis by repairing mucosal barrier and maintaining intestinal homeostasis.
Locust can detect beta-1, 3-glucan of the fungal pathogen before penetration and defend infection via the Toll signaling pathway.
Effectiveness of wastewater treatment systems in removing microbial agents: a systematic review.
Insights on bio-degumming of kenaf bast based on metagenomic and proteomics.
Genome Sequence Resource for Elsinoe ampelina, the Causal Organism of Grapevine Anthracnose.
Groups of multi-cellular passage cells in the root exodermis of Echinochloa crus-galli varieties lack not only suberin lamellae but also lignin deposits.
Thymol Chemotype Origanum vulgare L. Essential Oil as a Potential Selective Bio-Based Herbicide on Monocot Plant Species.
The Biofunctional Effects of Mesima as a Radiosensitizer for Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Double-Stranded RNAs (dsRNAs) as a Sustainable Tool against Gray Mold (Botrytis cinerea) in Grapevine: Effectiveness of Different Application Methods in an Open-Air Environment.
Naphthoquinone Derivatives with Anti-Inflammatory Activity from Mangrove-Derived Endophytic Fungus Talaromyces sp. SK-S009.
Cerevisterol Alleviates Inflammation via Suppression of MAPK/NF-kappaB/AP-1 and Activation of the Nrf2/HO-1 Signaling Cascade.
Feasibility of Manufacturing Strand-Based Wood Composite Treated with beta-Cyclodextrin-Boric Acid for Fungal Decay Resistance.
Transcriptome Analysis of Rice Roots in Response to Root-Knot Nematode Infection.
Neutrophil Adaptations upon Recruitment to the Lung: New Concepts and Implications for Homeostasis and Disease.
Interaction with Soil Bacteria Affects the Growth and Amino Acid Content of Piriformospora indica.
Changes of Quality of Minimally-Processed Pineapple (Ananas comosus, var.  \' Queen Victoria \' ) during Cold Storage: Fungi in the Leading Role.
The Bactericidal Activity of Protein Extracts from Loranthus europaeus Berries: A Natural Resource of Bioactive Compounds.
Blood Aspergillus PCR: The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
Community Structure, Diversity and Potential of Endophytic Bacteria in the Primitive New Zealand Medicinal Plant Pseudowintera colorata.
Mildew Locus O facilitates colonization by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in angiosperms.
Isolation and Characterization of Antifungal Metabolites from the Melia azedarach-Associated Fungus Diaporthe eucalyptorum.
[CHANGES INTESTINAL MICROBIOTA IN DIFFERENT AGE GROUPS OF AGRICULTURAL WORKERS WITH CHRONIC NON-SPECIFIC LUNG DISEASE].
Novel strategies for the management of bacterial and fungal infections in patients with liver cirrhosis: focus on new antimicrobials.
The response of the melanized yeast Exophiala dermatitidis to gamma radiation exposure.
Simulated folivory increases vertical transmission of fungal endophytes that deter herbivores and alter tolerance to herbivory in Poa autumnalis.
Proteome Analyses Reveal Macrophomina phaseolina \' s Survival Tools When Challenged by Burkholderia contaminans NZ.
Molecular identification of fungi microfossils in a Neoproterozoic shale rock.
Effect of Acaromyces Ingoldii Secondary Metabolites on the Growth of Brown-Rot (Gloeophyllum Trabeum) and White-Rot (Trametes Versicolor) Fungi.
Optimization of Protoplast Preparation and Regeneration of a Medicinal Fungus Antrodia cinnamomea.
A PAS-Containing Histidine Kinase is Required for Conidiation, Appressorium Formation, and Disease Development in the Rice Blast Fungus, Magnaporthe oryzae.
Conserved Roles of MonA in Fungal Growth and Development in Aspergillus Species.
Identification and Characterization of Fungi Contaminated in the Built-In Furniture of an Apartment Home.
Identification and Characterization of Macrophomina phaseolina Causing Leaf Blight on White Spider Lilies (Crinum asiaticum and Hymenocallis littoralis) in Malaysia.
Arthonia dokdoensis and Rufoplaca toktoana - Two New Taxa from Dokdo Islands (South Korea).
MLO Differentially Regulates Barley Root Colonization by Beneficial Endophytic and Mycorrhizal Fungi.
Analysis of an Intrinsic Mycovirus Associated With Reduced Virulence of the Human Pathogenic Fungus Aspergillus fumigatus.
Influence of Neighboring Clonal-Colonies on Aflatoxin Production by Aspergillus flavus.
Endophytic Fungi of Native Salvia abrotanoides Plants Reveal High Taxonomic Diversity and Unique Profiles of Secondary Metabolites.
Arbuscular Mycorrhiza Changes the Impact of Potato Virus Y on Growth and Stress Tolerance of Solanum tuberosum L. in vitro.
Evidence for Co-evolutionary History of Early Diverging Lycopodiaceae Plants With Fungi.
Rcf1 Modulates Cytochrome c Oxidase Activity Especially Under Energy-Demanding Conditions.
Fungal food spoilage of supermarkets \'  displayed fruits.
Live vaccines against bacterial fish diseases: A review.
Analysis of the fungal population involved in Katsuobushi production.
Pulmonary infection due to Acrophialophora fusispora in a patient with underlying mixed connective tissue disease and chronic pulmonary aspergillosis: A case report and review of literature.
Exploring the molecular mechanism of azole resistance in Aspergillus fumigatus.
The extraradical proteins of Rhizophagus irregularis: A shotgun proteomics approach.
Quercetin-induced yeast apoptosis through mitochondrial dysfunction under the accumulation of magnesium in Candida albicans.
Genome comparison and transcriptome analysis of the invasive brown root rot pathogen, Phellinus noxius, from different geographic regions reveals potential enzymes associated with degradation of different wood substrates.
Characterization of brown film formed by Lentinula edodes.
Colonization of Metarhizium anisopliae on the surface of pine tree logs: A promising biocontrol strategy for the Japanese pine sawyer, Monochamus alternatus.
Phylogenetic re-evaluation of the Grosmannia penicillata complex (Ascomycota, Ophiostomatales), with the description of five new species from China and USA.
Double Line Clustering based Colour Image Segmentation Technique for Plant Disease Detection.
Spatial properties of reactive oxygen species govern pathogen-specific immune system responses.
Persistent action of cow rumen microorganisms in enhancing biodegradation of wheat straw by rumen fermentation.
Coagulation-flocculation and moving bed biofilm reactor as pre-treatment for water recycling in the petrochemical industry.
Full-scale of composting process of biogas residues from corn stover anaerobic digestion: Physical-chemical, biology parameters and maturity indexes during whole process.
Environmental factors affecting ecological niche of Coccidioides species and spatial dynamics of valley fever in the United States.
Towards a risk evaluation of workers \'  exposure to handborne and airborne microbial species as exemplified with waste collection workers.
MicroRNA-like milR236, regulated by transcription factor MoMsn2, targets histone acetyltransferase MoHat1 to play a role in appressorium formation and virulence of the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae.
Aspergillus coinfection among patients with pulmonary tuberculosis in Asia and Africa countries; A systematic review and meta-analysis of cross-sectional studies.
Characterization of three FK506-binding proteins in the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana.
Characterization of antifungal metabolites produced by Lactobacillus plantarum and Lactobacillus coryniformis isolated from rice rinsed water.
Patterns of local, intercontinental and inter-seasonal variation of soil bacterial and eukaryotic microbial communities.
Inhibition of jasmonate-mediated plant defences by the fungal metabolite higginsianin B.
Evaluation of a micro/nanofluidic chip platform for diagnosis of central nervous system infections: a multi-center prospective study.
Isolation and characterization of nutrient dependent pyocyanin from Pseudomonas aeruginosa and its dye and agrochemical properties.
Whole-genome and time-course dual RNA-Seq analyses reveal chronic pathogenicity-related gene dynamics in the ginseng rusty root rot pathogen Ilyonectria robusta.
Analogous and diverse functions of APSES-type transcription factors in the morphogenesis of the entomopathogenic fungus, Metarhizium rileyi.
The cell wall integrity pathway contributes to the early stages of Aspergillus fumigatus asexual development.
Characterization of Aspergillus fumigatus mitochondrial acetyl-CoA acetyltransferase as an antifungal target.
Exploring Cryptococcus neoformans capsule structure and assembly with a hydroxylamine-armed fluorescent probe.
Fermentation optimization and disease suppression ability of a Streptomyces ma. FS-4 from banana rhizosphere soil.
Mogroside V-producing Endophytic Fungi Isolated from Siraitia grosvenorii.
Effects of mycotoxin-contaminated feed on farm animals.
Identification of repositionable drugs with novel antimycotic activity by screening Prestwick Chemical Library against emerging invasive molds.
Identification of lncRNAs and their regulatory relationships with target genes and corresponding miRNAs in melon response to powdery mildew fungi.
Comparison between organismal staining on histology and tissue culture in the diagnosis of cutaneous infection: a retrospective study.
Novel biomimetic chitin-glucan polysaccharide nano/microfibrous fungal-scaffolds for tissue engineering applications.
Five mitochondrial genomes of black fungus gnats (Sciaridae) and their phylogenetic implications.
A method for the extraction of high quality fungal RNA suitable for RNA-seq.
Labyrinthula diatomea n. sp. - a Labyrinthulid Associated with Marine Diatoms.
Fungal infection in a post-renal transplant patient with Diaporthe.
Recent advances in the diagnosis of dermatophytosis.
Highly invasive tree species are more dependent on mutualisms.
Onygenalean Fungi as Major Human and Animal Pathogens.
Absence of AfuXpot, the yeast Los1 homologue, limits Aspergillus fumigatus growth under amino acid deprived condition.
A novel narnavirus from a Saccharomyces cerevisiae flor strain.
Pulmonary Infection by Chrysosporium Species in a Preexisting Tuberculous Cavity.
Isolation of Surveillance Pathogenic Fungal Microbial Contaminant on Mobile Phone.
Genome-scale data reveal the role of hybridization in lichen-forming fungi.
Marked Neurospora crassa Strains for Competition Experiments and Bayesian Methods for Fitness Estimates.
Direct and indirect effects of predation and parasitism on the Anopheles gambiae mosquito.
The effects of external Mn2+ concentration on hyphal morphology and citric acid production are mediated primarily by the NRAMP-family transporter DmtA in Aspergillus niger.
TaSTP13 contributes to wheat susceptibility to stripe rust possibly by increasing cytoplasmic hexose concentration.
2H-pyranone and isocoumarin derivatives from the endophytic fungus Pestalotiopsis microspora SC3082 derived from Scaevola taccada (Gaertn.) Roxb.
Phaeohyphomycosis.
Pulmonary Coccidioidomycosis.
Blastomycosis.
Effect of solid-state fermentation on proximate composition, anti-nutritional factor, microbiological and functional properties of lupin flour.
New azole antifungals with a fused triazinone scaffold.
Integrating the control of helminths in dairy cattle: Deworming, rotational grazing and nutritional pellets with parasiticide fungi.
Insight into Antioxidant and Photo-protective Properties of Natural Compounds from Marine Fungus.
Mannan detecting C-type lectin receptor probes recognise immune epitopes with diverse chemical, spatial and phylogenetic heterogeneity in fungal cell walls.
Community structure of soil fungi in a novel perennial crop monoculture, annual agriculture, and native prairie reconstruction.
Host thermoregulatory constraints predict growth of an amphibian chytrid pathogen (Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis).
Stem Canker on Cyclocarya paliurus Is Caused by Botryosphaeria dothidea.
Benzothiadiazole conditions the bean proteome for immunity to bean rust.
Glycosylated Natural Products From Marine Microbes.
The Fungal Pathogen Candida albicans Promotes Bladder Colonization of Group B Streptococcus.
Aronia melanocarpa Prevents Alcohol-Induced Chronic Liver Injury via Regulation of Nrf2 Signaling in C57BL/6 Mice.
Shifts in the Active Rhizobiome Paralleling Low Meloidogyne chitwoodi Densities in Fields Under Prolonged Organic Soil Management.
Extracellular Vesicles From the Cotton Pathogen Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. vasinfectum Induce a Phytotoxic Response in Plants.
Analysis of miRNAs in Two Wheat Cultivars Infected With Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici.
Bombardier Enables Delivery of Short-Form Bomanins in the Drosophila Toll Response.
LncSSBP1 Functions as a Negative Regulator of IL-6 Through Interaction With hnRNPK in Bronchial Epithelial Cells Infected With Talaromyces marneffei.
Combined Application of High-Throughput Sequencing and Metabolomics Reveals Metabolically Active Microorganisms During Panxian Ham Processing.
Genomic Sequencing of Phyllosticta citriasiana Provides Insight Into Its Conservation and Diversification With Two Closely Related Phyllosticta Species Associated With Citrus.
Forage Rotations Conserve Diversity of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi and Soil Fertility.
The Fungal-Specific Transcription Factor VpFSTF1 Is Required for Virulence in Valsa pyri.
Fungal Traits Important for Soil Aggregation.
Effects of Bacillus velezensis FKM10 for Promoting the Growth of Malus hupehensis Rehd. and Inhibiting Fusarium verticillioides.
Pattern recognition receptors as potential drug targets in inflammatory disorders.
Honokiol suppresses mycelial growth and reduces virulence of Botrytis cinerea by inducing autophagic activities and apoptosis.
Culture-Positive Spontaneous Ascitic Infection in Patients with Acute Decompensated Cirrhosis: Multidrug-Resistant Pathogens and Antibiotic Strategies.
Analysis of interdomain taxonomic patterns in urban street mats.
A proper PiCAT2 level is critical for sporulation, sporangium function, and pathogenicity of Phytophthora infestans.
The Effect of Weather and Location of Fruit within the Tree on the Incidence and Severity of Citrus Black Spot on Fruit.
Distinct Community Composition of Previously Uncharacterized Denitrifying Bacteria and Fungi across Different Land-Use Types.
Efficacy of CSF beta-D-glucan diagnostic testing for fungal meningitis: a systemic review.
Reduced in vitro susceptibility of Streptococcus pyogenes to beta-lactam antibiotics associated with mutations in the pbp2x gene is geographically widespread.
Molecular Diagnostic Mycology: Xtreme Challenges.
Tuberomics: a molecular profiling for the adaption of edible fungi (Tuber magnatum Pico) to different natural environments.
Design, Synthesis and Antifungal Evaluation of Neocryptolepine Derivatives against Phytopathogenic Fungi.
First report of infectious endocarditis due to Histoplasma capsulatum in Mexico
Assessing the Role of Temperature, Inoculum Density, and Wounding on Disease Progression of the Fungal Pathogen Ceratocystis fimbriata Causing Black Rot in Sweetpotato.
The application of ceragenins (CSAs) to orthopedic surgery and medicine.
Cryptococcus neoformans var. gattii isolate with Unusual Morphology.
Septicemia after chemotherapy for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia in China: A multicenter study CCCG-ALL-2015.
The complement system in Aspergillus fumigatus infections and its crosstalk with pentraxins.
Use of an Argentinean Wildlife Tissue Collection for Epidemiological Studies of Histoplasmosis.
Safety of retrocorneal plaque aspiration for managing fungal keratitis.
Depth structures the community of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi amplified from grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.) roots.
Investigation of the mycelial morphology of Monascus and the expression of pigment biosynthetic genes in high-salt-stress fermentation.
Occurrence, Identification, and Virulence of Native Fungal Pathogens Isolated From Mexican Fruit Fly (Diptera: Tephritidae) Larvae From Soils of Three Cropping Systems.
Candida species-dependent release of IL-12 by dendritic cells induces different levels of NK cell stimulation.
Asymptomatic Dialysate Turbidity and Repeated Intraductal Clots in a Peritoneal Dialysis Patient.
Integrated control of dry root rot of chickpea caused by Rhizoctoniabataticola under the natural field condition.
Granulomatous mastitis due to coinfection with Histoplasma sp. and Paracoccidioides sp.: A case report.
Double-Stranded RNAs in Plant Protection Against Pathogenic Organisms and Viruses in Agriculture.
In vitro antimicrobial activities of Saudi honeys originating from Ziziphus spina-christi L. and Acacia gerrardii Benth. trees.
Digging Deeper: In Search of the Mechanisms of Carbon and Nitrogen Exchange in Ectomycorrhizal Symbioses.
Protein Kinase Ime2 Is Required for Mycelial Growth, Conidiation, Osmoregulation, and Pathogenicity in Nematode-Trapping Fungus Arthrobotrys oligospora.
The Genome of the Medicinal Macrofungus Sanghuang Provides Insights Into the Synthesis of Diverse Secondary Metabolites.
Chitinases of Bacillus thuringiensis: Phylogeny, Modular Structure, and Applied Potentials.
Metabolomic Analysis Reveals Contributions of Citric and Citramalic Acids to Rare Earth Bioleaching by a Paecilomyces Fungus.
The Fungal Cell Wall: Candida, Cryptococcus, and Aspergillus Species.
Thioredoxin Reductase 1 Is a Highly Immunogenic Cell Surface Antigen in Paracoccidioides spp., Candida albicans, and Cryptococcus neoformans.
Identification of the Potential Biological Preservative Tetramycin A-Producing Strain and Enhancing Its Production.
Unique Solid Phase Microextraction Sampler Reveals Distinctive Biogeochemical Profiles among Various Deep-Sea Hydrothermal Vents.
Exploring the therapeutic potential of modern and ancestral phenylalanine/tyrosine ammonia-lyases as supplementary treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia.
Building de novo reference genome assemblies of complex eukaryotic microorganisms from single nuclei.
A Novel Resistance Pathway for Calcineurin Inhibitors in the Human-Pathogenic Mucorales Mucor circinelloides.
Moonlighting function of Phytochelatin synthase 1 in extracellular defense against fungal pathogens.
Effect of soil organic matter on petroleum hydrocarbon degradation in diesel/fuel oil-contaminated soil.
Effects of rumen-protected folic acid and betaine supplementation on growth performance, nutrient digestion, rumen fermentation and blood metabolites in Angus bulls.
Impact of Phosphorus Fertilization on Tomato Growth and Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungal Communities.
Microbial Transformation of Prenylquercetins by Mucor hiemalis.
Cellular, physiological and molecular approaches to investigate the antifungal and anti-aflatoxigenic effects of thyme essential oil on Aspergillus flavus.
Nitric oxide homeostasis is required for light-dependent regulation of conidiation in Aspergillus.
Mechanism of Activation of AMPK by Cordycepin.
Fungal infections of the skin and soft tissue.
Human milk mycobiota composition: relationship with gestational age, delivery mode, and birth weight.
Identification of a new antifungal compound against isocitrate lyase of Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
Danger peptide signaling enhances internalization of a geminivirus symptom determinant in plant cells during infection.
Metabolic engineering of Saccharomyces cerevisiae to overproduce squalene.
Statistical Optimization for Coproduction of Chitinase and Beta 1, 4-Endoglucanase by Chitinolytic Paenibacillus elgii PB1 Having Antifungal Activity.
Effect of different mycobionts on symbiotic germination and seedling growth of Dendrobium officinale, an important medicinal orchid.
Diel pattern driven by free convection controls leaf-cutter ant nest ventilation and greenhouse gas emissions in a Neotropical rain forest.
Local adaptation of mycorrhizae communities changes plant community composition and increases aboveground productivity.
Novel biotechnological strategies to combat biotic stresses: polygalacturonase inhibitor (PGIP) proteins as a promising comprehensive option.
Surface, adhesiveness and virulence aspects of Candida haemulonii species complex.
Comparative transcriptome analysis revealed genes involved in the fruiting body development of Ophiocordyceps sinensis.
Effects of the mycorrhizal fungus Ceratobasidium sp. AR2 on growth and flavonoid accumulation in Anoectochilus roxburghii.
Revegetation by sowing reduces soil bacterial and fungal diversity.
Construction of a genetic linkage map of Lentinula edodes based on SSR, SRAP and TRAP markers.
Lipids and small metabolites provisioned by ambrosia fungi to symbiotic beetles are phylogeny-dependent, not convergent.
Talaromyces marneffei fungemia after travel to China in a Canadian patient with AIDS.
Identification of off-patent drugs that show synergism with Amphotericin B or that present antifungal action against Cryptococcus neoformans and Candida spp.
Comparative analysis of the immune response of the wax moth Galleria mellonella after infection with the fungi Cordyceps militaris and Metarhizium robertsii.
CRISPR/Cas9 to generate plant immunity against pathogen.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of anti-fungal innate immunity at epithelial barriers: the role of C-type lectin receptors.
Biodiversity and ecology of microorganisms in high pressure membrane filtration systems.
Coordinated photodegradation and biodegradation of organic matter from macrophyte litter in shallow lake water: Dual role of solar irradiation.
Mutations of two FERONIA-like receptor genes enhance rice blast resistance without growth penalty.
Bacterial Lactase Gene Characteristics in Intestinal Contents of Antibiotic-Associated Diarrhea Mice Treated with Debaryomyces hansenii.
Antifungal Norditerpene Oidiolactones from the Fungus Oidiodendron truncatum, a Potential Biocontrol Agent for White-Nose Syndrome in Bats.
Enantioselective Synthesis and Antifungal Activity of C18 Polyacetylenes.
Nutritional Status of Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) Fruit Grown in Fusarium Infested Soil: Impact of Cerium Oxide Nanoparticles.
Access To A Library Of 1,3-Disubstituted-1,2,3-Triazenes And Evaluation Of Their Antimicrobial Properties.
Novel Thiazole-Based Thiazolidinones as Potent Anti-Infective Agents: In silico PASS and Toxicity Prediction, Synthesis, Biological Evaluation and Molecular Modelling.
Epidemiological features of nosocomial candidaemia in children, infants, and neonates: A multicentre study in Iran.
Some mycoheterotrophic orchids depend on carbon from dead wood: Novel evidence from a radiocarbon approach.
Heteroaromatization with 4-Phenyldiazenyl-1-naphthol. Part IV: Synthesis of Some New Heterocyclic Compounds with Potential Biological Activity.
Synthesis of Novel Fluorine Compounds Substituted-4-thiazolidinones Derived from Rhodanine Drug as Highly Bioactive Probes.
Antifungal fatty acid derivatives against Penicillium italicum from the deep-sea fungus Aspergillus terreus SCSIO 41202.
3M-Brazzein as a natural sugar substitute attenuates obesity, metabolic disorder, and inflammation.
Engineering Saccharomyces cerevisiae coculture platform for the production of flavonoids.
Evaluation of reported sediment samples from 20 Ma using a molecular phylogenetic approach: Comment on Liu et al. (2017).
7-hydroxytropolone is the main metabolite responsible for the fungal antagonism of Pseudomonas donghuensis strain SVBP6.
Antioxidant and antifungal activities of marrubiin, extracts and essential oil from Marrubium vulgare L. against pathogenic dermatophyte strains.
Molecular diversity of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal communities across the gradient of alkaline Fe ore tailings, revegetated waste rock to natural soil sites.
Variation in mycorrhizal growth response influences competitive interactions and mechanisms of plant species coexistence.
Orchids and their mycorrhizal fungi: an insufficiently explored relationship.
Preparative scale application of Mucor circinelloides ene-reductase and alcohol dehydrogenase activity for the asymmetric bioreduction of alpha,beta-unsaturated gamma-ketophosphonates.
Porous and flexible membrane derived from ZIF-8-decorated hyphae for outstanding adsorption of Pb2+ ion.
Meroterpenoid pyrones, alkaloid and bicyclic brasiliamide from the fungus Neosartorya hiratsukae.
Chilling stress reduced protein translation by the ubiquitination of ribosomal proteins in Volvariella volvacea.
Chloropicrin-induced toxicity in the respiratory system.
Diversity of endophytic plant-growth microorganisms from Gentianella weberbaueri and Valeriana pycnantha, highland Peruvian medicinal plants.
Apple endophyte community is shaped by tissue type, cultivar and site and has members with biocontrol potential against Neonectria ditissima.
Synthesis of catechin-rare earth complex with efficient and broad-spectrum anti-biofilm activity.
A polysaccharide deacetylase from Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici is an important pathogenicity gene that suppresses plant immunity.
Antimicrobial activity of Novel spinel nanoferrites against pathogenic fungi and bacteria.
Molecular characterization of a novel botoulivirus from the phytopathogenic fungus Sclerotinia minor.
Transcriptome analysis of Botrytis cinerea in response to tea tree oil and its two characteristic components.
Targeting the DNA damage response (DDR) by natural compounds.
Dietary effects on gut microbiota of the mesquite lizard Sceloporus grammicus (Wiegmann, 1828) across different altitudes.
Two new nor-sesquiterpenoids from Fusarium tricinctum, an endophytic fungus isolated from Ligusticum chuanxiong.
Asperpenes D and E from the fungus Aspergillus sp. SCS-KFD66 isolated from a bivalve mollusk, Sanguinolaria chinensis.
Microbial Degradation of Different Hydrocarbon Fuels with Mycoremediation of Volatiles.
Design of Fungal Co-Cultivation Based on Comparative Metabolomics and Bioactivity for Discovery of Marine Fungal Agrochemicals.
Antibacterial Polyketides from Antarctica Sponge-Derived Fungus Penicillium sp. HDN151272.
Endophytic Isolates of Cordyceps fumosorosea to Enhance the Growth of Solanum melongena and Reduce the Survival of Whitefly (Bemisia tabaci).
Pestalotiones A-D: Four New Secondary Metabolites from the Plant Endophytic Fungus Pestalotiopsis Theae.
Impact of Botrytis cinerea Contamination on the Characteristics and Foamability of Yeast Macromolecules Released during the Alcoholic Fermentation of a Model Grape Juice.
Diversity and Composition of Rumen Bacteria, Fungi, and Protozoa in Goats and Sheep Living in the Same High-Altitude Pasture.
Selection and Validation of Reliable Reference Genes for Tolypocladium guangdongense Gene Expression Analysis under Differentially Developmental Stages and Temperature Stresses.
Whole genome sequence of an edible and medicinal mushroom, Hericium erinaceus (Basidiomycota, Fungi).
The diversity of microsporidian parasites infecting the Holarctic amphipod Gammarus lacustris from the Baikal region is dominated by the genus Dictyocoela.
Topical and device-based treatments for fungal infections of the toenails.
Fungal diversity in canopy soil of silver beech, Nothofagus menziesii (Nothofagaceae).
Multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, exploratory study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of HAD-B1 for dose-finding in EGFR positive and locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC subjects who need Afatinib therapy: Study protocol clinical trial (SPIRIT Compliant).
Identification of opportunistic and nonopportunistic Exophiala species using high resolution melting analysis.
Friend or foe? Exploring the fine line between Pseudomonas brassicacearum and phytopathogens.
Harnessing symbiotic plant-fungus interactions to unleash hidden forces from extreme plant ecosystems.
Isolation and identification of L-asparaginase-producing endophytic fungi from the Asteraceae family plant species of Iran.
Sipha maydis sensitivity to defences of Lolium multiflorum and its endophytic fungus Epichloe occultans.
Fungal Systematics and Evolution: FUSE 5.
Amphiepicoccins A-J: Epipolythiodioxopiperazines from the Fish-Gill-Derived Fungus Epicoccum nigrum HDN17-88.
Chrysosporazines F-M: P-Glycoprotein Inhibitory Phenylpropanoid Piperazines from an Australian Marine Fish Derived Fungus, Chrysosporium sp. CMB-F294.
Effect of chemical structure of benzofuran derivatives and reaction conditions on enantioselective properties of Aureobasidium pullulans microorganism contained in Boni Protect antifungal agent.
Monocytes as potential mediators of pathogen-induced Th17 differentiation in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC).
Rapid Elimination of Foodborne and Environmental Fungal Contaminants by Benzo Analogs.
Population Genomics of Fungal Plant Pathogens and the Analyses of Rapidly Evolving Genome Compartments.
Neurospora from Natural Populations: Population Genomics Insights into the Life History of a Model Microbial Eukaryote.
A beneficial role of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in influencing the effects of silver nanoparticles on plant-microbe systems in a soil matrix.
Control of Actin and Calcium for Chitin Synthase Delivery to the Hyphal Tip of Aspergillus.
Responses of Vitis vinifera cv. Cabernet Sauvignon roots to the arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus Funneliformis mosseae and the plant growth-promoting rhizobacterium Ensifer meliloti include changes in volatile organic compounds.
Polyketide glycosides phialotides A to H, new potentiators of amphotericin B activity, produced by Pseudophialophora sp. BF-0158.
Mycelial network-mediated rhizobial dispersal enhances legume nodulation.
Corneal Ulcer Treated with 0.66% Nanoemulsion Povidone-Iodine: A Case Report.
A bioactivity-oriented modification strategy for SDH inhibitors with superior activity against fungal strains.
Biotransformation and detoxification of chloroacetanilide herbicides by Trichoderma spp. with plant growth-promoting activities.
Characterization of trehalose-6-phosphate phosphatase in trehalose biosynthesis, asexual development, stress resistance and virulence of an insect mycopathogen.
Structure and antifungal activity of pelgipeptins from Paenibacillus elgii against phytopathogenic fungi.
Effects of epsilon-poly-l-lysine on vegetative growth, pathogenicity and gene expression of Alternaria alternata infecting Nicotiana tabacum.
A Pediococcus strain to rescue honeybees by decreasing Nosema ceranae- and pesticide-induced adverse effects.
Effects of camptothecin on the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae.
Antifungal mechanism of bacillomycin D from Bacillus velezensis HN-2 against Colletotrichum gloeosporioides Penz.
Competitive ability of multi-fungicide resistant Botrytis cinerea in a blackberry planting over three years.
Macrophomina Crown and Root Rot of Pistachio in California.
Enniatin Production Influences Fusarium avenaceum Virulence on Potato Tubers, but not on Durum Wheat or Peas.
Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis: An Immunological Perspective.
ROLE OF DIAGNOSTIC PARS PLANA VITRECTOMY IN DETERMINING THE ETIOLOGY OF UVEITIS INITIALLY UNKNOWN.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of betulin-3-yl 2-amino-2-deoxy-beta-d-glycopyranosides.
Transcriptome sequencing analysis reveals silver nanoparticles antifungal molecular mechanism of the soil fungi Fusarium solani species complex.
Natural heat shock protein 90 inhibitors in cancer and inflammation.
Genome based characterization of Kitasatospora sp. MMS16-BH015, a multiple heavy metal resistant soil actinobacterium with high antimicrobial potential.
Chemical structure and inhibition on alpha-glucosidase of the polysaccharides from Cordyceps militaris with different developmental stages.
Vegetative development and host immune interaction of Ophiocordyceps sinensis within the hemocoel of the ghost moth larva, Thitarodes xiaojinensis.
Toxicity, Biodegradation, and Metabolic Fate of Organophosphorus Pesticide Trichlorfon on the Freshwater Algae Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
Formaldehyde as a Chemical Defence Agent of Fruiting Bodies of Mycena rosea and its Role in the Generation of the Alkaloid Mycenarubin C.
[Cryptic Aspergillus species - a case report of chronic cavitary pulmonary Aspergillus lentulus infection in a heart transplant recipient].
R-Hexitronic acid, a new tetronic acid derivative isolated from a soil fungus FG9RK.
Preparation and uranium (VI) biosorption for tri-amidoxime modified marine fungus material.
Overexpression of the chitinase gene CmCH1 from Coniothyrium minitans renders enhanced resistance to Sclerotinia sclerotiorum in soybean.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in roots and soil respond differently to biotic and abiotic factors in the Serengeti.
Pneumocystis jirovecii Pneumonia and Human Immunodeficiency Virus Co-Infection in Western Iran.
Pulmonary Mucormycosis: A Case Report of a Rare Infection with Potential Diagnostic Problems.
Small RNA Bidirectional Crosstalk During the Interaction Between Wheat and Zymoseptoria tritici.
The Multiple Facets of Plant-Fungal Interactions Revealed Through Plant and Fungal Secretomics.
Mainland and island populations of Mussaenda kwangtungensis differ in their phyllosphere fungal community composition and network structure.
mSphere of Influence: the Mycobiota in Human Health and Disease.
Candida auris Biofilm Colonization on Skin Niche Conditions.
Antibacterial and antifungal activities of different polar extracts from Anoectochilus roxburghii.
Characterization of Pathogenic and Nonpathogenic Fusarium oxysporum Isolates Associated with Commercial Tomato Crops in the Andean Region of Colombia.
Core/Sheath-Structured Composite Nanofibers Containing Cinnamon Oil: Their Antibacterial and Antifungal Properties and Acaricidal Effect against House Dust Mites.
A Comprehensive Study on the Occurrence of Mycotoxins and Their Producing Fungi during the Maize Production Cycle in Spain.
Microbial Diversity and Physicochemical Characteristics of the Maotai-Flavored Liquor Fermentation Process.
The Regulatory Proteins Rtg1/3 Govern Sphingolipid Homeostasis in the Human-Associated Yeast Candida albicans.
Structural and biochemical insights into an insect gut-specific chitinase with antifungal activity.
Nitric oxide as a developmental and metabolic signal in filamentous fungi.
Genome Sequence of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. matthiolae, a Brassicaceae Pathogen.
Impact of an antifungal insect defensin on the proteome of the phytopathogenic fungus Botrytis cinerea.
Functions of reactive oxygen species in apoptosis and ganoderic acid biosynthesis in Ganoderma lucidum.
Taxonomic study of Endogonaceae in the Japanese islands: New species of Endogone, Jimgerdemannia, and Vinositunica, gen. nov.
Seasonal Variation in Host Susceptibility to Fusarium Canker in Young Almond Trees.
Managing a Destructive, Episodic Crop Disease: A National Survey of Wheat and Barley Growers \'  Experience With Fusarium Head Blight.
Rabenchromenone and Rabenzophenone, Phytotoxic Tetrasubstituted Chromenone and Hexasubstituted Benzophenone Constituents Produced by the Oak-Decline-Associated Fungus Fimetariella rabenhorstii.
Radial aggregation of proteins prevails over axial aggregation on membrane tubes.
Efficacy Of Hydrogen Peroxide Fumigation In Improving Disinfection Of Hospital Rooms And Reducing The Number Of Microorganisms.
Microsatellite analysis of the population structure in Rhizopus arrhizus.
A novel Pezizomycotina-specific protein with gelsolin domains regulates contractile actin ring assembly and constriction in perforated septum formation.
Three-year pot culture of Epipactis helleborine reveals autotrophic survival, without mycorrhizal networks, in a mixotrophic species.
Acid and heat fastness in microsporidia: How acid fast are acid fast microsporidium?
Enzyme activities during Benzo[a]pyrene degradation by the fungus Lasiodiplodia theobromae isolated from a polluted soil.
RHOA mediated mechanical force generation through Dectin-1.
Simultaneous detection of Aspergillus nidulans, Aspergillus luchuensis and Lichtheimia sp. in a bovine abortion.
Genetic analysis of Hsp70 phosphorylation sites reveals a role in Candida albicans cell and colony morphogenesis.
Mycoplasma pneumoniae infections, 11 countries in Europe and Israel, 2011 to 2016.
Resilience: nitrogen limitation, mycorrhiza and long-term palaeoecological plant-nutrient dynamics.
Altitudinal upwards shifts in fungal fruiting in the Alps.
Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry Profiling of Volatile Compounds Reveals Metabolic Changes in a Non-Aflatoxigenic Aspergillus flavus Induced by 5-Azacytidine.
Altertoxins with Quorum Sensing Inhibitory Activities from The Marine-Derived Fungus Cladosporium sp. KFD33.
Ecotopic Expression of the Antimicrobial Peptide DmAMP1W Improves Resistance of Transgenic Wheat to Two Diseases: Sharp Eyespot and Common Root Rot.
Crab vs. Mushroom: A Review of Crustacean and Fungal Chitin in Wound Treatment.
Biodegradability of Dental Care Antimicrobial Agents Chlorhexidine and Octenidine by Ligninolytic Fungi.
Naturally Occurring Isocoumarins Derivatives from Endophytic Fungi: Sources, Isolation, Structural Characterization, Biosynthesis, and Biological Activities.
Novel Reporter System Monitoring IL-18 Specific Signaling Can Be Applied to High-Throughput Screening.
On Commensalism of Candida.
The Subtilisin-Like Protease Bcser2 Affects the Sclerotial Formation, Conidiation and Virulence of Botrytis cinerea.
Susceptibility of Myzus persicae, Brevicoryne brassicae and Nasonovia ribisnigri to Fungal Biopesticides in Laboratory and Field Experiments.
Sulfonamide Inhibition Profile of the beta-Carbonic Anhydrase from Malassezia restricta, An Opportunistic Pathogen Triggering Scalp Conditions.
The velvet Regulator VosA Governs Survival and Secondary Metabolism of Sexual Spores in Aspergillus nidulans.
Hybridization Facilitates Adaptive Evolution in Two Major Fungal Pathogens.
Oral Candidiasis: A Disease of Opportunity.
Petromurin C Induces Protective Autophagy and Apoptosis in FLT3-ITD-Positive AML: Synergy with Gilteritinib.
Oxadiazolylthiazoles as novel and selective antifungal agents.
Proteomic analysis of Sporothrix schenckii cell wall reveals proteins involved in oxidative stress response induced by menadione.
Galactosaminogalactan secreted from Aspergillus fumigatus and Aspergillus flavus induces platelet activation.
Artifacts Caused by Leaf-Cutting Ants of the Genus Atta (Hymenoptera: Formicidae): Postmortem Bite Injuries and the Tearing of Clothes.
New North American Isolates of Venturia inaequalis Can Overcome Apple Scab Resistance of Malus floribunda 821.
Talaromyces minioluteus: New Postharvest Fungal Pathogen in Serbia.
Identification of Arthrinium marii as Causal Agent of Olive Tree Dieback in Apulia (Southern Italy).
Identification and characterization of the glycoside hydrolase family 18 genes from the entomopathogenic fungus Isaria cicadae genome.
Immunosuppressive Nor-isopimarane Diterpenes from Cultures of the Fungicolous Fungus Xylaria longipes HFG1018.
Thiopeptide Defense by an Ant \' s Bacterial Symbiont.
Actinomycetoma Caused by Actinomadura mexicana, A Neglected Entity in the Caribbean.
A meta-analysis reveals temperature, dose, life stage, and taxonomy influence host susceptibility to a fungal parasite.
The culturable mycobiota associated with the Mediterranean sponges Aplysina cavernicola, Crambe crambe and Phorbas tenacior.
A new phenol derivative isolated from mangrove-derived fungus Eupenicillium sp. HJ002.
Independent domestication events in the blue-cheese fungus Penicillium roqueforti.
Successful treatment of chromoblastomycosis caused by Fonsecaea pedrosoi using imiquimod.
Efficacy of metabolites of a Streptomyces strain (AS1) to control growth and mycotoxin production by Penicillium verrucosum, Fusarium verticillioides and Aspergillus fumigatus in culture.
Gap creation alters the mode of conspecific distance-dependent seedling establishment via changes in the relative influence of pathogens and mycorrhizae.
A novel lncRNA as a positive regulator of carotenoid biosynthesis in Fusarium.
Fungal keratitis caused by a rare pathogen, Colletotrichum gloeosporioides, in an east coast city of China.
Auxotrophic mutations of Trichophyton rubrum created by in vitro synthesized Cas9 ribonucleoprotein.
Comparative transcriptome analysis reveals the response mechanism of Cf-16-mediated resistance to Cladosporium fulvum infection in tomato.
Fungal community dynamics during degradation of poly(butylene succinate-co-adipate) film in two cultivated soils in Japan.
Biochar-based fertilizer: Supercharging root membrane potential and biomass yield of rice.
Involvement of structurally distinct cupuassu chitinases and osmotin in plant resistance to the fungus Moniliophthora perniciosa.
Effect of interactions between various humic acid fractions and iron nanoparticles on the toxicity to white rot fungus.
The novel Huntiella omanensis mating gene, MAT1-2-7, is essential for ascomatal maturation.
Purification, characterization and immunomodulatory activity of polysaccharides from Leccinum crocipodium (Letellier.) Watliag.
A PCR-Based Method for the Rapid Detection of Chondrostereum purpureum in Apple.
Chloropupukeananin and Pestalofone C regulate autophagy through AMPK and glycolytic pathway.
Spatial and temporal turnover of soil microbial communities is not linked to function in a primary tropical forest.
ICTV Virus Taxonomy Profile: Chrysoviridae.
Genome Sequences of Defoliating Strain XJ592 and Non-defoliating Strain XJ511 of Verticillium dahliae.
Cryptic Chemical Communication: Secondary Metabolic Responses Revealed by Microbial Co-culture.
Progress in the development of antimicrobial peptide prediction tools.
Formation of Decatrienones with a Pineapple-like Aroma from 1-13C-Acetate by Cell Cultures of the Birch Polypore, Fomitopsis betulina.
[Floral composition and ecological distribution of wood-decaying fungi in Laojunshan National Park, Southwest China].
[Spatial heterogeneity of soil fungal diversity in area with presence of Stellera chamaejasme on the degraded alpine meadow].
[Effects of reduced chemical fertilizer with organic fertilizer application on soil microbial biomass, enzyme activity and cotton yield].
[Variations of soil respiration and its temperature sensitivity in the reversion process of desertification in the eastern Hobq Desert, China].
Vibrational Spectroscopy and Morphological Studies on Protein-Capped Biosynthesized Silver Nanoparticles.
Synthesis and Antimicrobial Activity of Novel Piperidinyl Tetrahydrothieno[2,3-c]isoquinolines and Related Heterocycles.
[Qualitative Real-Time PCR Method for Poisonous Entoloma rhodopolium-Related Species in Japan: Real-Time PCR Method for Entoloma Mushrooms].
Different activities of antitumor immunomodulators to induce neutrophil adherence response.
[A CASE REPORT OF FUNGUS BALL FOUND DURING TRANSURETHRAL URETEROLITHOTOMY].
Three new polyoxygenated bergamotanes from the endophytic fungus Penicillium purpurogenum IMM 003 and their inhibitory activity against pancreatic lipase.
Retrospective Analysis of Aetiological Agents Associated with Pulmonary Mycosis Secondary to Enteric Salmonellosis in Six Horses by Panfungal Polymerase Chain Reaction.
The mutual interplay of gut microbiota, diet and human disease.
Isolation of a novel strain Aspergillus niger WH-2 for production of L(+)-tartaric acid under acidic condition.
Heat shock protein 70 (HmHsp70) from Hypsizygus marmoreus confers thermotolerance to tobacco.
A Case of Pulmonary Histoplasmosis Presenting with Hypercalcemia and Altered Mental Status in a Patient Following Allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation.
Characterisation of the sewage virome: comparison of NGS tools and occurrence of significant pathogens.
Nutrient drip irrigation for refractory hydrocarbon removal and microbial community shift in a historically petroleum-contaminated soil.
Modeling and optimization of microbial lipid fermentation from cellulosic ethanol wastewater by Rhodotorula glutinis based on the support vector machine.
A review on osteoclast diseases and osteoclastogenesis inhibitors recently developed from natural resources.
Depsidones and diaryl ethers from potato endophytic fungus Boeremia exigua.
Chlorine gas is an effective alternative to sterilize carnation leaves for Fusarium spp. identification.
Biosynthesis of Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles with Antimicrobial, Anticancer, Antioxidant and Photocatalytic Activities by the Endophytic Alternaria tenuissima.
Climate change influences mycorrhizal fungal-plant interactions, but conclusions are limited by geographical study bias.
Is the existence of a mutualistic relationship between Lobesia botrana and Botrytis cinerea well-founded?
Virulent coliphages in 1-year-old children fecal samples are fewer, but more infectious than temperate coliphages.
Site-specific profiling of the dental mycobiome reveals strong taxonomic shifts during progression of early childhood caries.
A negative regulator of carotenogenesis in Blakeslea trispora.
Antifungal effects of statins.
Unraveling How Candida albicans Forms Sexual Biofilms.
Combined Metabolome and Transcriptome Analyses Reveal the Effects of Mycorrhizal Fungus Ceratobasidium sp. AR2 on the Flavonoid Accumulation in Anoectochilus roxburghii during Different Growth Stages.
Flooding Irrigation Weakens the Molecular Ecological Network Complexity of Soil Microbes During the Process of Dryland-to-Paddy Conversion.
Occupational Exposures to Organic Dust in Irish Bakeries and a Pizzeria Restaurant.
Microbiome and diversity indices during blood stem cells transplantation - new perspectives?
Screening of opportunistic Encephalitozoon intestinalis and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in immunocompromised patients in Slovakia.
The Tumor Microbiome in Pancreatic Cancer: Bacteria and Beyond.
Mutations and Overexpression of CYP51 Associated with DMI-Resistance in Colletotrichum gloeosporioides from Chili.
Quantitative PCR Assays Developed for Diaporthe helianthi and Diaporthe gulyae for Phomopsis Stem Canker Diagnosis and Germplasm Screening in Sunflower (Helianthus annuus).
MR Findings of Fungus Ball: Significance of High Signal Intensity on T1-Weighted Images.
Social immunity modulates competition between coinfecting pathogens.
1H, 13C, 15 N chemical shift assignments of the FKBP12 protein from the pathogenic fungi Candida auris and Candida glabrata.
Fusarium oxysporum infection activates the plastidial branch of the terpenoid biosynthesis pathway in flax, leading to increased ABA synthesis.
Laboratory and field evaluation of an autoinoculation device as a tool to manage poultry red mite, Dermanyssus gallinae, infestations with Beauveria bassiana.
Drought-Induced Stress Priming in Two Distinct Filamentous Saprotrophic Fungi.
Role of Clotrimazole in Prevention of Recurrent Otomycosis.
Structure-based mechanism of cysteine-switch latency and of catalysis by pappalysin-family metallopeptidases.
Antimicrobial Activity of Terpenoids Extracted from Annona muricata Seeds and its Endophytic Aspergillus niger Strain SH3 Either Singly or in Combination.
Fungal Isolation in Respiratory Tract After Lung Transplantation: Epidemiology, Clinical Consequences, and Associated Factors.
Corrigendum to "Mixtures of aromatic compounds induce ligninolytic gene expression in the wood-rotting fungus Dichomitus squalens" [J. Biotechnol. 380 (2020) 35-39].
Clinical impact of molecular identification of rare yeasts and nonsporulating molds recovered in culture from clinical specimens.
Aureobasidium pullulans volatile organic compounds as alternative postharvest method to control brown rot of stone fruits.
Biofilm formation by potentially probiotic Saccharomyces cerevisiae strains.
Brettanomyces bruxellensis phenotypic diversity, tolerance to wine stress and wine spoilage ability.
Fungal communities in rice cultivated in different Brazilian agroclimatic zones: From field to market.
Biocontrol ability and action mechanism of Metschnikowia citriensis against Geotrichum citri-aurantii causing sour rot of postharvest citrus fruit.
Small scale fungal community differentiation in a vineyard system.
Melatonin and glycolytic protein interactions are related to yeast fermentative capacity.
Penicillium commune affects textural properties and water distribution of hard and extra-hard cheeses.
Sampling methods affect Nematode-Trapping Fungi biodiversity patterns across an elevational gradient.
Chitin/chitosan derivatives and their interactions with microorganisms: a comprehensive review and future perspectives.
Isolation and Bioactivity of Secondary Metabolites from Solid Culture of the Fungus, Alternaria sonchi.
The Trichoderma atroviride Strains P1 and IMI 206040 Differ in Their Light-Response and VOC Production.
Occurrence and Characterization of Fungi and Mycotoxins in Contaminated Medicinal Herbs.
Dietary Supplementation with Flammulina velutipes Stem Waste on Growth Performance, Fecal Short Chain Fatty Acids and Serum Profile in Weaned Piglets.
Biocontrol Potential of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum and Physiological Changes in Soybean in Response to Butia archeri Palm Rhizobacteria.
Degradation of Aflatoxin B1 by a Sustainable Enzymatic Extract from Spent Mushroom Substrate of Pleurotus eryngii.
Metabolomic Profiling of Fungal Pathogens Responsible for Root Rot in American Ginseng.
Foliar Application of Chitosan Increases Tomato Growth and Influences Mycorrhization and Expression of Endochitinase-Encoding Genes.
Recent Discovery of Heterocyclic Alkaloids from Marine-Derived Aspergillus Species.
Comparative data on effects of alkaline pretreatments and enzymatic hydrolysis on bioemulsifier production from sugarcane straw by Cutaneotrichosporon mucoides.
Immune response of Galleria mellonella after injection with non-lethal and lethal dosages of Candida albicans.
Characterization of volatile metabolites formed by molds on barley by mass and ion mobility spectrometry.
The CRISPR toolbox in medical mycology: State of the art and perspectives.
Reduction of Botrytis cinerea Colonization of and Sporulation on Bunch Trash.
Effect of Application Rate and Timing on Residual Efficacy of Pyraclostrobin in the Control of Pepper Anthracnose.
Pathogenicity and Distribution of Fusarium solani Isolates Associated with Erythrina Decline in Japan.
Harnessing yeast peroxisomes and cytosol acetyl-CoA for sesquiterpene alpha-humulene production.
Inhibition of Candida auris Biofilm Formation on Medical and Environmental Surfaces by Silver Nanoparticles.
The influence of host-plant connectivity on fungal assemblages in the root microbiota of Brachypodium pinnatum.
Disulfide Cleavage in a Dimeric Epipolythiodioxopiperazine Natural Product Diminishes Its Apoptosis-Inducing Effect but Enhances Autophagy in Tumor Cells.
Directed Energy System technology for the control of soil-borne fungal pathogens and plant-parasitic nematodes.
Antifungal activities of silver and selenium nanoparticles stabilized with different surface coating agents.
Who is eating fructose within the Aedes albopictus gut microbiota?
Symbiodiniaceae-bacteria interactions: rethinking metabolite exchange in reef-building corals as multi-partner metabolic networks.
trans-2-octenal, a single compound of a fungal origin, controls Sclerotium rolfsii, both in vitro and in soil.
The fungal community and its interaction with the concentration of short-chain fatty acids in the caecum and colon of weaned piglets.
Experimental mummification - In the tracks of the ancient Egyptians.
Dimethyl itaconate protects against fungal keratitis by activating the Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway.
Plant functional groups associate with distinct arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal communities.
The underappreciated role of rodent generalists in fungal spore-dispersal networks.
Deletion of the Golgi Ca2+-ATPase PMR1 gene potentiates antifungal effects of dodecanol that depend on intracellular Ca2+ accumulation in budding yeast.
Clinical Impact of Metagenomic Next-Generation Sequencing of Plasma Cell-Free DNA for the Diagnosis of Infectious Diseases: A Multicenter Retrospective Cohort Study.
Amphibian chytrid prevalence on boreal toads in SE Alaska and NW British Columbia: tests of habitat, life stages, and temporal trends.
Productivity and bioactivity of enokipodins A-D of Flammulina rossica and Flammulina velutipes.
Tree species traits affect which natural enemies drive the Janzen-Connell effect in a temperate forest.
Influences of Ingredients and Bakers on the Bacteria and Fungi in Sourdough Starters and Bread.
Biosynthesis of beta-(1 5)-Galactofuranosyl Chains of Fungal-Type and O-Mannose-Type Galactomannans within the Invasive Pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus.
Ecological consequence of nomad settlement policy in the pasture area of Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau: From plant and soil perspectives.
Synthesis and Bioactivity of Thiosemicarbazones Containing Adamantane Skeletons.
A Re-Evaluation of the Relationship between Morphology and Pathogenicity in Candida Species.
Subchromosome-Scale Nuclear and Complete Mitochondrial Genome Characteristics of Morchella crassipes.
Host-Induced Gene Silencing of an Adenylate Kinase Gene Involved in Fungal Energy Metabolism Improves Plant Resistance to Verticillium dahliae.
Pyrenosetins A-C, New Decalinoylspirotetramic Acid Derivatives Isolated by Bioactivity-Based Molecular Networking from the Seaweed-Derived Fungus Pyrenochaetopsis sp. FVE-001.
Improving phosphorus sustainability in intensively managed grasslands: The potential role of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
Stimulatory Effects of Boscalid on Virulence of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum Indicate Hormesis May Be Masked by Inhibitions.
Efficacy of Natamycin Against Gray Mold of Stored Mandarin Fruit Caused by Isolates of Botrytis cinerea With Multiple Fungicide Resistance.
Responses of Leaf Cuticles to Rice Blast: Detection and Identification Using Depth-Profiling Fourier Transform Mid-Infrared Photoacoustic Spectroscopy.
In vivo expression of peptidylarginine deiminase in Drosophila melanogaster.
Solid wastes from the enzyme production as a potential biosorbent to treat colored effluents containing crystal violet dye.
North American blastomycosis in an immunocompromised patient.
Evaluation of the physical and antifungal effects of chlorhexidine diacetate incorporated into polymethyl methacrylate.
Structure and Function of the TREX-2 Complex.
Modelling affected regions by the Iberian Quercus disease with proximity diagrams.
Extraction and purification of beta-glucanase from bovine rumen fungus Trichoderma reesei and its effect on performance, carcass characteristics, microbial flora, plasma biochemical parameters, and immunity in a local broiler hybrid Golpayegan-Ross.
A comparison of biofiltration performance based on bacteria and fungi for treating toluene vapors from airflow.
A proposed stepwise screening framework for the selection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-degrading white rot fungi.
SnAP reagents for the synthesis of selenomorpholines and 1,4-selenazepanes and their biological evaluation.
Isolation of haloalkaliphilic fungi from Lake Magadi in Kenya.
Paranasal Sinus Wall Erosion and Expansion in Allergic Fungal Rhinosinusitis: An Image Scoring System.
Proteomic analysis reflects an environmental alkalinization-coupled pH-dependent mechanism of regulating lignocellulases in Trichoderma guizhouense NJAU4742.
Detecting Azole-Antifungal Resistance in Aspergillus fumigatus by Pyrosequencing.
Ergosterol Peroxide from the Medicinal Mushroom Ganoderma lucidum Inhibits Differentiation and Lipid Accumulation of 3T3-L1 Adipocytes.
Pholiota nameko Polysaccharides Promotes Cell Proliferation and Migration and Reduces ROS Content in H2O2-Induced L929 Cells.
Molecular Detection of Aspergillus: Application of a Real-Time PCR Multiplex Assay in Tissue Samples.
Development of a Mycoinsecticide Bait Formulation for the Control of House Flies, Musca domestica L.
Light Pollution Changes the Toxicological Effects of Cadmium on Microbial Community Structure and Function Associated with Leaf Litter Decomposition.
Effects of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi on Yield, Biochemical Characteristics, and Elemental Composition of Garlic and Onion under Selenium Supply.
Improving Mildew Resistance of Soy Meal by Nano-Ag/TiO2, Zinc Pyrithione and 4-Cumylphenol.
Assessment of Local and Systemic Changes in Plant Gene Expression and Aphid Responses during Potato Interactions with Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi and Potato Aphids.
Functional Expression and One-Step Protein Purification of Manganese Peroxidase 1 (rMnP1) from Phanerochaete chrysosporium Using the E. coli-Expression System.
Conjugation of Aspergillus flavipes Taxol with Porphyrin Increases the Anticancer Activity of Taxol and Ameliorates Its Cytotoxic Effects.
Ultrashort Cationic Lipopeptides-Effect of N-Terminal Amino Acid and Fatty Acid Type on Antimicrobial Activity and Hemolysis.
Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Mediate Drought Tolerance and Recovery in Two Contrasting Carob (Ceratonia siliqua L.) Ecotypes by Regulating Stomatal, Water Relations, and (In)Organic Adjustments.
Inoculation with Rhizophagus Irregularis Does Not Alter Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungal Community Structure within the Roots of Corn, Wheat, and Soybean Crops.
Essential Oils of Lamiaceae Family Plants as Antifungals.
Symbionts as Filters of Plant Colonization of Islands: Tests of Expected Patterns and Environmental Consequences in the Galapagos.
Natural Sources and Bioactivities of 2,4-Di-Tert-Butylphenol and Its Analogs.
Neuroprotective gamma-Pyrones from Fusarium Solani JS-0169: Cell-Based Identification of Active Compounds and an Informatics Approach to Predict the Mechanism of Action.
Biological Activity of New Cichoric Acid-Metal Complexes in Bacterial Strains, Yeast-Like Fungi, and Human Cell Cultures In Vitro.
Phytogenic Generation of NiO Nanoparticles Using Stevia Leaf Extract and Evaluation of Their In-Vitro Antioxidant and Antimicrobial Properties.
Identification of toxigenic fungal species associated with maize ear rot: Calmodulin as single informative gene.
Laccase mediator system obtained from a marine spore exhibits decolorization potential in harsh environmental conditions.
Physiochemical changes and mechanisms of anti-inflammation effect of sulfated polysaccharides from ammonium sulfate feeding of Antrodia cinnamomea.
Natural alkaloid and polyphenol compounds targeting lipid metabolism: Treatment implications in metabolic diseases.
A Rapid Survey of Avirulence Genes in Field Isolates of Magnaporthe oryzae.
Phylogenetic Diversity and Effect of Temperature on Pathogenicity of Colletotrichum lupini.
Population Structure and Genetic Diversity of Fungi Causing Rice Seedling Blight in Northeast China Based on Microsatellite Markers.
Identification, Characterization, and Evaluation of Novel Stripe Rust-Resistant Wheat-Thinopyrum intermedium Chromosome Translocation Lines.
Production of antifungal saponins in an airlift bioreactor with a cell line transformed from Solanum chrysotrichum and its activity against strawberry phytopathogens.
Brassinosteroids and sucrose transport in mycorrhizal tomato plants.
Successful Endoscopic Management of a Renal Fungal Ball using Flexible Ureterorenoscopy.
Unusual case of extracutaneous pyoderma gangrenosum with myelodysplastic syndrome.
Secondary metabolites from cultures of the ant pathogenic fungus Ophiocordyceps irangiensis BCC 2728.
Engineering the cbh1 promoter of Trichoderma reesei for enhanced protein production by replacing the binding sites of a transcription repressor ACE1 to those of the activators.
Sugar-alcohol industry: quality of its biotreated washing water for reuse in fertigation.
Effects of Soil Amendments on Microbial Activities in a Typical Cd-Contaminated Purple Field Soil, Southwestern China.
Transgene suppression in plants by foliar application of in vitro-synthesized small interfering RNAs.
Colletotrichum: species complexes, lifestyle, and peculiarities of some sources of genetic variability.
A fungal family of lytic polysaccharide monooxygenase-like copper proteins.
Melanin formation in barley grain occurs within plastids of pericarp and husk cells.
Stepping up to the Plate(let) against C. albicans.
Effects of fungal infection on the survival of parasitic bat flies.
Cationic Organic Nanoaggregates as AIE Luminogens for Wash-Free Imaging of Bacteria and Broad-Spectrum Antimicrobial Application.
Phanerochaete chrysosporium strain B-22, a nematophagous fungus parasitizing Meloidogyne incognita.
Optimization of fungi co-fermentation for improving anthraquinone contents and antioxidant activity using artificial neural networks.
Testing the elemental defense hypothesis with a woody plant species: Cadmium accumulation protects Populus yunnanensis from leaf herbivory and pathogen infection.
Three new methylated Delta8-pregnene steroids from the Polyalthia laui-derived fungus Stemphylium sp. AZGP4-2.
Phylogenetic relationships between fungus-associated Neotropical species of the genera Hirtodrosophila, Mycodrosophila and Zygothrica (Diptera, Drosophilidae), with insights into the evolution of breeding sites usage.
Inhibitory Effect of Aqueous and Ethanolic Extracts of Neem Parts on Fungal Rot Disease of &lt;i&gt;Solanum tuberosum&lt;/i&gt;.
[DISSEMINATED CRYPTOCOCCOSIS IN A LIVER TRANSPLANT RECIPIENT DIAGNOSED BY TZANCK SMEAR].
Plasticity of Phymatotrichopsis omnivora infection strategies is dependent on host and nonhost plant responses.
Fine needle aspiration of nodular cystic swelling showing a rare melanized fungus Medicopsis romeroi: A case report.
Autophagy protects PC12 cells against deoxynivalenol toxicity via the Class III PI3K/beclin 1/Bcl-2 pathway.
Global cellulose biomass, horizontal gene transfers and domain fusions drive microbial expansin evolution.
Statistical Optimization of Culture Conditions for Protein Production by a Newly Isolated Morchella fluvialis.
Evaluation of the Biocontrol Potential of Endophytic Fungus Fusarium solani CEF559 against Verticillium dahliae in Cotton Plant.
MicroRNA-142-3p inhibits IFN-gamma production via targeting of RICTOR in Aspergillus fumigatus activated CD4+ T cells.
Comprehensive studies on optimization of ligno-hemicellulolytic enzymes by indigenous white rot hymenomycetes under solid-state cultivation using agro-industrial wastes.
Taking a look on fungi in cystic fibrosis: More questions than answers.
Mariannamides A and B, new cyclic octapeptides isolated from Mariannaea elegans NBRC102301.
Isolation of culturable mycota from Argentinean soils exposed or not-exposed to pesticides and determination of glyphosate tolerance of fungal species in media supplied with the herbicide.
Quantitation of amino sugar stereoisomer and muramic acid biomarkers by hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry.
The Role of a Nascent Polypeptide-Associated Complex Subunit Alpha in Siderophore Biosynthesis, Oxidative Stress Response, and Virulence in Alternaria alternata.
A series of compounds bearing a dipyrido-pyrimidine scaffold acting as novel human and insect pest chitinases inhibitors.
Fungicide formulations influence their control efficacy by mediating physicochemical properties of spray dilutions and their interaction with target leaves.
Compatibility of pesticides used in strawberry crops with predatory mites Stratiolaelaps scimitus (Womersley) and Cosmolaelaps brevistilis (Karg).
Improvement of vincamine production of endophytic fungus through inactivated protoplast fusion.
Libertellenone M, a diterpene derived from an endophytic fungus Phomopsis sp. S12, protects against DSS-induced colitis via inhibiting both nuclear translocation of NF-kappaB and NLRP3 inflammasome activation.
Biochar mediates microbial communities and their metabolic characteristics under continuous monoculture.
On-line prediction of hazardous fungal contamination in stored maize by integrating Vis/NIR spectroscopy and computer vision.
(+-)-Preisomide: A new alkaloid featuring a rare naturally occurring tetrahydro-2H-1,2-oxazin skeleton from an endophytic fungus Preussia isomera by using OSMAC strategy.
Two novel eremophylane acetophenone conjugates from Colletotrichum gloeosporioides, an endophytic fungus in Salvia miltiorrhiza.
Bio-based preservative using methyl-beta-cyclodextrin-essential oil complexes for wood protection.
Effect of ergosterol on the interlamellar spacing of deuterated yeast phospholipid multilayers.
Cerebral phaeohyphomycosis due to Cladophialophora bantiana in a French Guianese child.
Employing anaerobic fungi in biogas production: challenges &amp; opportunities.
Design, synthesis, and structure-activity relationship studies of novel triazole agents with strong antifungal activity against Aspergillus fumigatus.
[Spatial distribution of anthracnose (Colletotrichum gloeosporioides Penz) in avocado in the State of Mexico, Mexico].
DERMATITIS AND RHINOSINUITIS CAUSED BY CURVULARIA SPECIES IN A CHINESE GORAL (NAEMORHEDUS GRISEUS).
Novel biosorbents synthesized from fungal and bacterial biomass and their applications in the adsorption of volatile organic compounds.
Computational Tools for Discovering and Engineering Natural Product Biosynthetic Pathways.
Genome mining and biosynthesis of the Acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor beauveriolide I and III in Cordyceps militaris.
Fungal community succession under influence of biochar in cow manure composting.
Naproxen in the environment: its occurrence, toxicity to nontarget organisms and biodegradation.
Bionanomining: biotechnological synthesis of metal nanoparticles from mining waste-opportunity for sustainable management of mining environmental liabilities.
Global transcriptome analysis of the aphelid Paraphelidium tribonemae supports the phagotrophic origin of fungi.
Unraveling Asian Soybean Rust metabolomics using mass spectrometry and Molecular Networking approach.
Pulmonary Cryptococcosis in a Nurse Initially Suspected of Having Pulmonary Tuberculosis.
Overcoming Fungal Echinocandin Resistance through Inhibition of the Non-essential Stress Kinase Yck2.
Catalytic combustion performances, kinetics, reaction mechanisms and gas emissions of Lentinus edodes.
Environmental contaminant 2-chloro-N-(2,6-diethylphenyl)-N-(methoxymethyl)acetamide remediation via Xanthomonas axonopodis and Aspergillus niger.
Conservation tillage decreases selection pressure on community assembly in the rhizosphere of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
Associative effects of lignin-derived biochar and arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi applied to soil polluted from Pb-acid batteries effluents on barley grain safety.
Antifungal activity of phytotherapeutic preparation of Baccharis species from argentine Puna against clinically relevant fungi.
Revealing mitogenome-wide DNA methylation and RNA editing of three Ascomycotina fungi using SMRT sequencing.
A Pathogen-Responsive Gene Cluster for Highly Modified Fatty Acids in Tomato.
Share the wealth: trees with greater ectomycorrhizal species overlap share more carbon.
Targeted transcriptomic study of the implication of central metabolic pathways in mannosylerythritol lipids biosynthesis in Pseudozyma antarctica T-34.
Adult black dot tinea capitis caused by Trichophyton tonsurans complicated with herpes zoster.
Suspected Locally Acquired Coccidioidomycosis in Human, Spokane, Washington, USA.
A cell wall integrity-related MAP kinase kinase kinase AflBck1 is required for growth and virulence in fungus Aspergillus flavus.
Effects of fumigation with Allyl Isothiocyanate on Soil Microbial Diversity and Community Structure of Tomato.
Do Epichloe endophytes and their grass symbiosis only produce toxic alkaloids to insects and livestock?
Investigating the role of ERAD on antibody processing in glycoengineered Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Microbial abundance, composition, and function in nectar are shaped by flower visitor identity.
Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation for MHC Class II Deficiency.
Towards a better understanding of the role of nectar-inhabiting yeasts in plant-animal interactions.
Role of lipid transporters in fungal physiology and pathogenicity.
Pigmentosins from Gibellula sp. as antibiofilm agents and a new glycosylated asperfuran from Cordyceps javanica.
Two new aromatic polyketides from a sponge-derived Fusarium.
TPLATE Recruitment Reveals Endocytic Dynamics at Sites of Symbiotic Interface Assembly in Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Interactions.
Imbalanced Regulation of Fungal Nutrient Transports According to Phosphate Availability in a Symbiocosm Formed by Poplar, Sorghum, and Rhizophagus irregularis.
Pyrenophora tritici-repentis in Tunisia: Race Structure and Effector Genes.
The Skin and Intestinal Microbiota and Their Specific Innate Immune Systems.
Silicate Fertilizer Amendment Alters Fungal Communities and Accelerates Soil Organic Matter Decomposition.
Tissue-Specific and Geographical Variation in Endophytic Fungi of Ageratina adenophora and Fungal Associations With the Environment.
Beneficial Endophytic Bacteria-Serendipita indica Interaction for Crop Enhancement and Resistance to Phytopathogens.
Soil Microbial Networks Shift Across a High-Elevation Successional Gradient.
Identification of a Novel Transcription Factor TP05746 Involved in Regulating the Production of Plant-Biomass-Degrading Enzymes in Talaromyces pinophilus.
Soil Bacterial and Fungal Communities Exhibit Distinct Long-Term Responses to Disturbance in Temperate Forests.
Involvement of Sulfur in the Biosynthesis of Essential Metabolites in Pathogenic Fungi of Animals, Particularly Aspergillus spp.: Molecular and Therapeutic Implications.
Antibacterial and Antibiofilm Activity of Temporin-GHc and Temporin-GHd Against Cariogenic Bacteria, Streptococcus mutans.
New Dihydroisocoumarin Root Growth Inhibitors From the Sponge-Derived Fungus Aspergillus sp. NBUF87.
Antimicrobial Resistance and Virulence Gene Profiles of Methicillin-Resistant and -Susceptible Staphylococcus aureus From Food Products in Denmark.
Pesticides With Potential Thyroid Hormone-Disrupting Effects: A Review of Recent Data.
Reisolation and Configurational Reinvestigation of Cottoquinazolines E-G from an Arthropod-Derived Strain of the Fungus Neosartorya fischeri.
Apical but not sub-apical hyphal compartments are self-sustaining in growth.
Novel mutagenesis and screening technologies for food microorganisms: advances and prospects.
[Necrotizing fasciitis].
Modelling photovoltaic soiling losses through optical characterization.
Aurora B-dependent Ndc80 degradation regulates kinetochore composition in meiosis.
Hap2-Ino80-facilitated transcription promotes de novo establishment of CENP-A chromatin.
Draft Genome Sequences of Three Strains of Verticillium nonalfalfae Exhibiting Different Levels of Aggressiveness on Ailanthus altissima.
Complete Genome Sequences for Two Talaromyces marneffei Clinical Isolates from Northern and Southern Vietnam.
Secretory production of N-glycan-deleted glycoprotein in Aspergillus oryzae.
Madurella mycetomatis infection of the foot: a case report of a neglected tropical disease in a non-endemic region.
Trichoderma asperellum reduces phoxim residue in roots by promoting plant detoxification potential in Solanum lycopersicum L.
Interaction of amphotericin B and saturated or unsaturated phospholipid monolayers containing cholesterol or ergosterol at the air-water interface.
Production, structure, and bioactivity of polysaccharide isolated from Tremella fuciformis XY.
Application of HS-SPME-GC-MS for the analysis of aldehydes produced by different insect species and their antifungal activity.
Characterization of black patina from the Tiber River embankments using Next-Generation Sequencing.
Candida auris Isolates Resistant to Three Classes of Antifungal Medications - New York, 2019.
Cyclonerane sesquiterpenes and an isocoumarin derivative from the marine-alga-endophytic fungus Trichoderma citrinoviride A-WH-20-3.
Boosting the Loading of Metal Single Atoms via a Bioconcentration Strategy.
Four New Chromone Derivatives from Colletotrichum gloeosporioides.
Photeroids A and B, unique phenol-sesquiterpene meroterpenoids from the deep-sea-derived fungus Phomopsis tersa.
Determination of the Distance Between the Cytochrome and Dehydrogenase Domains of Immobilized Cellobiose Dehydrogenase by Using Surface Plasmon Resonance with a Center of Mass Based Model.
Extensive chromosomal rearrangements and rapid evolution of novel effector superfamilies contribute to host adaptation and speciation in the basal ascomycetous fungi.
Rare Fungal Keratitis Caused by Coprinellus Radians.
The signaling mechanisms involved in the dimorphic phenomenon of the Basidiomycota fungus Ustilago maydis.
Yeast a potential bio-agent: future for plant growth and postharvest disease management for sustainable agriculture.
Molecular epidemiology of Aspergillus species and other moulds in respiratory samples from Argentinean patients with cystic fibrosis.
Transcriptome Analysis Reveals the Molecular Mechanisms Underlying Adenosine Biosynthesis in Anamorph Strain of Caterpillar Fungus.
Transcriptional patterns of Coffea arabica L. nitrate reductase, glutamine and asparagine synthetase genes are modulated under nitrogen suppression and coffee leaf rust.
A new p-terphenyl derivative from the insect-derived fungus Aspergillus candidus Bdf-2 and the synergistic effects of terphenyllin.
Biosynthesis of long chain base in sphingolipids in animals, plants and fungi.
Evaluation of the ResistancePlus  MG FleXible assay for the detection of wild-type and 23S rRNA-mutated Mycoplasma genitalium.
Weak Acid Resistance A (WarA), a Novel Transcription Factor Required for Regulation of Weak-Acid Resistance and Spore-Spore Heterogeneity in Aspergillus niger.
First data on microflora of loggerhead sea turtle (Caretta caretta) nests from the coastlines of Sicily (Italy).
Identification of a novel anthocyanin synthesis pathway in the fungus Aspergillus sydowii H-1.
Effect of age on the susceptibility of marbled rockfish, Sebastiscus marmoratus to Ochroconis humicola following experimental challenge.
Transpalpebral Frontal Sinus Septectomy: Feasibility and Results.
Pneumocystis pneumonia after use of corticosteroids in a man with severe alcoholic hepatitis: A case report.
Screening of Biological Activities of Fungi Associated with Pistachio Bark Beetle, Chaetoptelius vestitus (Coleoptera, Curculionidae), Infesting Pistachio Cultivations in Tunisia.
Metarhizium anisopliae and Beauveria bassiana: Pathogenicity, Horizontal Transmission, and Their Effects on Reproductive Potential of Thaumatotibia leucotreta (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae).
Setosphaeria turcica ATR turns off appressorium-mediated maize infection and triggers melanin-involved self-protection in response to genotoxic stress.
Colonization of endophyte Acremonium sp. D212 in Panax notoginseng and rice mediated by auxin and jasmonic acid.
The Diversity and Distribution of Wolbachia, Rhizobiales, and Ophiocordyceps Within the Widespread Neotropical Turtle Ant, Cephalotes atratus (Hymenoptera: Formicidae).
APETALA 2 transcription factor CBX1 is a regulator of mycorrhizal symbiosis and growth of Lotus japonicus.
Fungal community assembly in drought-stressed sorghum shows stochasticity, selection, and universal ecological dynamics.
CARD9 Is Required for Classical Macrophage Activation and the Induction of Protective Immunity against Pulmonary Cryptococcosis.
Spatial Variation in Soil Fungal Communities across Paddy Fields in Subtropical China.
Polar Arctic Circle biomass enhances performance and stability of aerobic granular sludge systems operated under different temperatures.
Epiphytic bacteria from withered grapes and their antagonistic effects on grape-rotting fungi.
Characterizing fungal communities in medicinal and edible Cassiae Semen using high-throughput sequencing.
Effect of Ganoderma applanatum polysaccharides on MAPK/ERK pathway affecting autophagy in breast cancer MCF-7 cells.
Microvesicles from Lactobacillus reuteri (DSM-17938) completely reproduce modulation of gut motility by bacteria in mice.
Step-by-Step Pipeline for the Ecological Analysis of Endophytic Fungi using ITS nrDNA Data.
Isolated fronto-ethmoidal allergic fungal rhinosinusitis: case report and review of the literature.
The effect of zinc fertilisation and arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on grain quality and yield of contrasting barley cultivars.
Diversity of Claviceps paspali reveals unknown lineages and unique alkaloid genotypes.
Cortinarius section Thaumasti in South American Nothofagaceae forests.
Genotyping-by-Sequencing for the Study of Genetic Diversity in Puccinia triticina.
The genetic basis of aneuploidy tolerance in wild yeast.
Differentiation of Blastocystis and parasitic archamoebids encountered in untreated wastewater samples by amplicon-based next-generation sequencing.
Data on airborne bacteria and fungi emission from a conventional hospital wastewater treatment plant.
Genotype Analysis of Clinical Candida albicans Isolates Using PCRs Targeting 25S rDNA and ALT Repeat Sequences of the RPS and Antifungal Susceptibility in Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso).
In-vitro Detection of Phytopathogenic Fungal Cell Wall by Polyclonal Sera Raised Against Trimethyl Chitosan Nanoparticles.
Collaborative Biosynthesis of a Class of Bioactive Azaphilones by Two Separate Gene Clusters Containing Four PKS/NRPSs with Transcriptional Crosstalk in Fungi.
Identification of two oxygenase genes involved in the respective biosynthetic pathways of canonical and non-canonical strigolactones in Lotus japonicus.
Enhancement of the anti-inflammatory properties of grape pomace treated by Trametes versicolor.
Microorganisms in the reproductive tissues of arthropods.
High-resolution mycobiota analysis reveals dynamic intestinal translocation preceding invasive candidiasis.
A Kinase and a Glycosylase Catabolize Pseudouridine in the Peroxisome to Prevent Toxic Pseudouridine Monophosphate Accumulation.
Invasive pseudomembranous upper airway and tracheal Aspergillosis refractory to systemic antifungal therapy and serial surgical debridement in an Immunocompetent patient.
Effect of prior receipt of antibiotics on the pathogen distribution: a retrospective observational cohort study on 27,792 patients.
Characterizing the ribosomal tandem repeat and its utility as a DNA barcode in lichen-forming fungi.
Phylogeny and taxonomy of Ceriporia and other related taxa and description of three new species.
Advanced strategy for metabolite exploration in filamentous fungi.
Enzyme Activity Profiles Produced on Wood and Straw by Four Fungi of Different Decay Strategies.
Molecular Identification of Endophytic Fungi and Their Pathogenicity Evaluation Against Dendrobium nobile and Dendrobium officinale.
Modelling Fungal Growth, Mycotoxin Production and Release in Grana Cheese.
MicroRNAs: Biological Regulators in Pathogen-Host Interactions.
Non-Coding RNAs Participate in the Regulation of CRY-DASH in the Growth and Early Development of Saccharina japonica (Laminariales, Phaeophyceae).
Roots Structure and Development of Austrobaileya scandens (Austrobaileyaceae) and Implications for Their Evolution in Angiosperms.
Evaluation Procoagulant Activity and Mechanism of Astragalin.
Changes in an Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Community Along an Environmental Gradient.
Phytotoxic Responses of Soybean (Glycine max L.) to Botryodiplodin, a Toxin Produced by the Charcoal Rot Disease Fungus, Macrophomina phaseolina.
Control of Aflatoxigenic Molds by Antagonistic Microorganisms: Inhibitory Behaviors, Bioactive Compounds, Related Mechanisms, and Influencing Factors.
Effects of the Entomopathogenic Fungus Metarhizium anisopliae on the Mortality and Immune Response of Locusta migratoria.
Antifungal Activity of Beauveria bassiana Endophyte against Botrytis cinerea in Two Solanaceae Crops.
Meroterpenoids from the Fungus Ganoderma sinensis and First Absolute Configuration Clarification of Zizhine H.
In the Right Light: Photodynamic Inactivation of Microorganisms Using a LED-Based Illumination Device Tailored for the Antimicrobial Application.
Halophiles and Their Biomolecules: Recent Advances and Future Applications in Biomedicine.
Identification of Antimicrobial Compounds from Sandwithia guyanensis-Associated Endophyte Using Molecular Network Approach.
Interaction of a Novel Zn2Cys6 Transcription Factor DcGliZ with Promoters in the Gliotoxin Biosynthetic Gene Cluster of the Deep-Sea-Derived Fungus Dichotomomyces cejpii.
Melatonin and Its Protective Role against Biotic Stress Impacts on Plants.
LC-MS/MS-based metabolomic analysis of caffeine-degrading fungus Aspergillus sydowii during tea fermentation.
Prenylated p-Terphenyls from a Mangrove Endophytic Fungus, Aspergillus candidus LDJ-5.
Heterologous and Engineered Biosynthesis of Nematocidal Polyketide-Nonribosomal Peptide Hybrid Macrolactone from Extreme Thermophilic Fungi.
Reduced translational efficiency of eukaryotic genes after duplication events.
The effect of glucose and human serum on 5-aminolevulinic acid mediated photodynamic inactivation of Candida albicans.
Microscopic characterization of biofilm in mixed keratitis in a novel murine model.
Beauveria bassiana ribotoxin inhibits insect immunity responses to facilitate infection via host translational blockage.
[Cryptococcal meningitis in an immunocompetent patient - a case report].
Spinosad and Mixtures of an Entomopathogenic Fungus and Pyrethrins for Control of Sitona lineatus (Coleoptera: Curculionidae) in Field Peas.
Local fungus-specific Immunoglobulin E production in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps.
Engineering Yarrowia lipolytica for enhanced production of arbutin.
Identification and characterization of thermostable endo-polygalacturonase II B from Aspergillus luchuensis.
Development of specific primers for Fusarium oxysporum causing damping off of Lilium formolongi.
Misinterpretation of allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis/allergic bronchopulmonary mycosis due to diverse characteristics in different clinical stages.
Carbon Dots as Potent Antimicrobial Agents.
Medroxyprogesterone to treat corneal thinning postcurvularia keratitis.
Biodegradation inducers to enhance wheat straw pretreatment by Gloeophyllum trabeum to second-generation ethanol production.
Virulence factors of Paracoccidioides brasiliensis as therapeutic targets: a review.
Extremely Low Concentrations of Acetic Acid Stimulate Cell Differentiation in Rice Blast Fungus.
Fungal cell with artificial metal container for heavy metals biosorption: Equilibrium, kinetics study and mechanisms analysis.
Collacyclumines A-D from the endophytic fungus Colletotrichum salsolae SCSIO 41021 isolated from the mangrove Kandelia candel.
Viruses in the Built Environment (VIBE) meeting report.
Regulation of host-microbe interactions at oral mucosal barriers by type 17 immunity.
MRI and clinical features of acute fungal discitis/osteomyelitis.
Blue light therapy to treat candida vaginitis with comparisons of three wavelengths: an in vitro study.
Airborne fungi spores distribution in various locations in Lagos, Nigeria.
Effects of the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium flavoviride on the fat body lipid composition of Zophobas morio larvae (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae).
Co-inoculation with a bacterium and arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi improves root colonization, plant mineral nutrition, and plant growth of a Cyperaceae plant in an ultramafic soil.
Partial implant retention in two-stage exchange for chronic infected total hip arthroplasty.
Nanomaterials: new weapons in a crusade against phytopathogens.
Penicillin and cephalosporin biosyntheses are also regulated by reactive oxygen species.
Diagnostic studies of abortion in Danish cattle 2015-2017.
Psiloboletinus is an independent genus sister to Suillus.
Adventurous cuisine in Laos: Hebeloma parvisporum, a new species in Hebeloma section Porphyrospora.
Revision of leccinoid fungi, with emphasis on North American taxa, based on molecular and morphological data.
Extended cognition in plants: is it possible?
Biological exploration of a novel 1,2,4-triazole-indole hybrid molecule as antifungal agent.
Biosynthetic pathway of indole-3-acetic acid in ectomycorrhizal fungi collected from northern Thailand.
A mycorrhiza-specific H+ -ATPase is essential for arbuscule development and symbiotic phosphate and nitrogen uptake.
Antimicrobial properties of benzalkonium chloride derived polymerizable deep eutectic solvent.
Expression, purification and characterization of 5 \' -nucleotidase from caterpillar fungus by efficient genome-mining.
Postharvest Incidence of Stem End Rot in  \' Hayward \'  Kiwifruit Is Related to Preharvest Botrytis cinerea Colonization of Floral Parts and Latent Infection.
Biosynthetic gene clusters and the evolution of fungal chemodiversity.
A detailed in silico analysis of secondary metabolite biosynthesis clusters in the genome of the broad host range plant pathogenic fungus Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
The plant organs and rhizosphere determine the common bean mycobiome.
Establishment and characterization of a fibroblast cell line from postmortem skin of an adult Chinese muntjac (Muntiacus reevesi).
Arsenic speciation in the bracket fungus Fomitopsis betulina from contaminated and pristine sites.
Fungal Communities of the Canola Rhizosphere: Keystone Species and Substantial Between-Year Variation of the Rhizosphere Microbiome.
Chaetoglobosins and azaphilones from Chaetomium globosum associated with Apostichopus japonicus.
How well does synovial fluid gram staining correlate with cultures in native joint infections?
Onychomycosis Unresponsive to Antifungals: Etiology and Treatment with a New Direct Technique.
Regulation of fungal decomposition at single-cell level.
Protein-coding changes preceded cis-regulatory gains in a newly evolved transcription circuit.
Draft Genome Sequence of Aspergillus oryzae BP2-1, Isolated from Traditional Malted Rice in South Korea.
Melanin deposition in two Cryptococcus species depends on cell-wall composition and flexibility.
Epidemiology and Drug Resistance Analysis of Mixed Infection in Orthopedic Surgical Sites.
Water-Soluble Glutamic Acid Derivatives Produced in Culture by Penicillium solitum IS1-A from King George Island, Maritime Antarctica.
At Least Five Major Genes Are Involved in the Avirulence of an Eleusine Isolate of Pyricularia oryzae on Common Wheat.
[Effects of the Fomes officinalis Ames. polysaccharides on anti-fatigue and hypoxia tolerance in mice].
The fungal mitochondrial membrane protein, BbOhmm, antagonistically controls hypoxia tolerance.
Molecular characterization of a new partitivirus, MbPV1, isolated from the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium brunneum in China.
Characterization of New Fengycin Cyclic Lipopeptide Variants Produced by Bacillus amyloliquefaciens (ET) Originating from a Salt Lake of Eastern Algeria.
Effects of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Glomus mosseae on the Growth and Medicinal Components of Dysosma versipellis Under Copper Stress.
Soil functional responses to drought under range-expanding and native plant communities.
Antifungal and anti-aflatoxin efficacy of biogenic silver nanoparticles produced by Aspergillus species: Molecular study.
Antifungal activity of silver salts of Keggin-type heteropolyacids against Sporothrix spp.
Symbiosis extended: exchange of photosynthetic O2 and fungal-respired CO2 mutually power metabolism of lichen symbionts.
Soil Properties and Microbial Diversity at the Frontier of Laohugou Glacier Retreat in Qilian Mountains.
Identification and characterization of chemical components in the bioactive fractions of Cynomorium coccineum that possess anticancer activity.
Defining the root endosphere and rhizosphere microbiomes from the World Olive Germplasm Collection.
The first case of fingernail onychomycosis due to Neoscytalidium novaehollandiae, molecular identification and antifungal susceptibility.
Hydrosoluble phylloplane components of Theobroma cacao modulate the metabolism of Moniliophthora perniciosa spores during germination.
Extracellular peptidases of insect-associated fungi and their possible use in biological control programs and as pathogenicity markers.
Botrydial confers Botrytis cinerea the ability to antagonize soil and phyllospheric bacteria.
A combined transcriptional, biochemical and histopathological study unravels the complexity of Alternaria resistance and susceptibility in Brassica coenospecies.
Four Tulasnella taxa associated with populations of the Australian evergreen terrestrial orchid Cryptostylis ovata.
Fungicide Treatments to Control Seed-borne Fungi of Sunflower Seeds.
Hyalodendrins A and B, New Decalin-Type Tetramic Acid Larvicides from the Endophytic Fungus Hyalodendriella sp. Ponipodef12.
Generation of Epichloe Strains Expressing Fluorescent Proteins Suitable for Studying Host-Endophyte Interactions and Characterisation of a T-DNA Integration Event.
The Notorious Soilborne Pathogenic Fungus Sclerotinia sclerotiorum: An Update on Genes Studied with Mutant Analysis.
The Impact of Gene Dosage and Heterozygosity on The Diploid Pathobiont Candida albicans.
Changes in Ecophysiology, Osmolytes, and Secondary Metabolites of the Medicinal Plants of Mentha piperita and Catharanthus roseus Subjected to Drought and Heat Stress.
Indole-derived chalcones as anti-dermatophyte agents: In vitro evaluation and in silico study.
Preharvest Detection and Postharvest Incidence of Phlyctema vagabunda on  \' Cripps Pink \'  Apples in South Africa.
Ecological Status of Juglans cinerea in New Brunswick.
Deconstructing and Reconstructing Cheese Rind Microbiomes for Experiments in Microbial Ecology and Evolution.
Thermostability improvement of Aspergillus awamori glucoamylase via directed evolution of its gene located on episomal expression vector in Pichia pastoris cells.
Metabolomics reveals the response of the phenylpropanoid biosynthesis pathway to starvation treatment in the grape endophyte Alternaria sp. MG1.
Effects of Beauveria bassiana (Hypocreales) on plant growth and secondary metabolites of extracts of hydroponically cultivated chive (Allium schoenoprasum L. [Amaryllidaceae]).
Resolution of deep divergence of club fungi (phylum Basidiomycota).
Anticancer activity and metabolite profiling data of Penicillium janthinellum KTMT5.
Controlling anthracnose by means of extracts, and their major constituents, from Brosimum rubescens Taub.
Subcutaneous phaeohyphomycosis from Medicopsis romeroi in a diabetic patient.
Effect of storage, washing, and cooking on the stability of five pesticides in edible fungi of Agaricus bisporus: A degradation kinetic study.
Optimizing cultivation of Cordyceps militaris for fast growth and cordycepin overproduction using rational design of synthetic media.
An Introduction to CRISPR-Mediated Genome Editing in Fungi.
Antiurolithic activity and biotransformation of galloylquinic acids by Aspergillus alliaceus ATCC10060, Aspergillus brasiliensis ATCC 16404, and Cunninghamella elegans ATCC 10028b.
Upgrading of efficient and scalable CRISPR-Cas-mediated technology for genetic engineering in thermophilic fungus Myceliophthora thermophila.
Identification and inoculation of fungal strains from Cedrus deodara rhizosphere involve in growth and alleviation of high nitrogen stress.
Biological role of mycorrhizal fungi on the assimilation and transportation of carbon and nitrogen to Anacamptis palustris and Anacamptis laxiflor.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi modulates dynamics tolerance expression to mitigate drought stress in Ephedra foliata Boiss.
Piriformospora indica promotes cucumber tolerance against Root-knot nematode by modulating photosynthesis and innate responsive genes.
Recognition of Fungal Components by the Host Immune System.
Effects of Piper sarmentosum extract supplementation on growth performances and rumen fermentation and microflora characteristics in goats.
Cadmium immobilization in aqueous solution by Aspergillus niger and geological fluorapatite.
In silico definition of new ligninolytic peroxidase sub-classes in fungi and putative relation to fungal life style.
The Pheromone and Pheromone Receptor Mating-Type Locus Is Involved in Controlling Uniparental Mitochondrial Inheritance in Cryptococcus.
Ag-functionalized nanocrystalline cellulose for paper preservation and strengthening.
OHMI: the ontology of host-microbiome interactions.
Prevalence, risk factors and antifungal susceptibility pattern of Candida species among pregnant women at Debre Markos Referral Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia.
A co-infection of varicella-zoster virus and Pneumocystis jirovecii in a non-HIV immunocompromised patient: a case report.
Colonisation of Oncidium orchid roots by the endophyte Piriformospora indica restricts Erwinia chrysanthemi infection, stimulates accumulation of NBS-LRR resistance gene transcripts and represses their targeting micro-RNAs in leaves.
Bio-active sesquiterpenoids and norsesquiternoids from the Red Sea octocoral Rhytisma fulvum fulvum.
Transglycosylation forms novel glycosides ethyl alpha-maltoside and ethyl alpha-isomaltoside in sake during the brewing process by alpha-glucosidase A of Aspergillus oryzae.
The Effects of a Microorganisms-Based Commercial Product on the Morphological, Biochemical and Yield of Tomato Plants under Two Different Water Regimes.
Expression Profile of Laccase Gene Family in White-Rot Basidiomycete Lentinula edodes under Different Environmental Stresses.
Immune Parameters for Diagnosis and Treatment Monitoring in Invasive Mold Infection.
Neuroprotective Effect of CR-777, a Glutathione Derivative of Withaferin A, Obtained through the Bioconversion of Withania somnifera (L.) Dunal Extract by the Fungus Beauveria bassiana.
Antimicrobial Secondary Metabolites from the Seawater-Derived Fungus Aspergillus sydowii SW9.
Plant Growth-Promoting Fungi (PGPF) Instigate Plant Growth and Induce Disease Resistance in Capsicum annuum L. upon Infection with Colletotrichum capsici (Syd.) Butler &amp; Bisby.
Macroalgae Derived Fungi Have High Abilities to Degrade Algal Polymers.
The Protective Role of 28-Homobrassinolide and Glomus versiforme in Cucumber to Withstand Saline Stress.
Integration of ATAC-Seq and RNA-Seq Identifies Key Genes in Light-Induced Primordia Formation of Sparassis latifolia.
Quantification of Pneumocystis jirovecii: Cross-Platform Comparison of One qPCR Assay with Leading Platforms and Six Master Mixes.
The Inhibitory Potential of Selected Essential Oils on Fusarium spp. Growth and Mycotoxins Biosynthesis in Maize Seeds.
Antimicrobial properties of amylose-fatty ammonium salt inclusion complexes.
Thermoplastic starch and bioactive chitosan sub-microparticle biocomposites: Antifungal and chemico-physical properties of the films.
A macromolecular alpha-glucan from fruiting bodies of Volvariella volvacea activating RAW264. 7 macrophages through MAPKs pathway.
[Chinese consensus on the diagnosis and management of adult candidiasis].
Microbiology of Cystic Fibrosis Airway Disease.
Aspergillus niger enhances oxalate production as a response to phosphate deficiency induced by aluminium(III).
Converting tequila vinasse diluted with tequila process water into microalgae-yeast flocs and dischargeable effluent.
Application of engineered yeast strain fermentation for oligogalacturonides production from pectin-rich waste biomass.
Interactions of soil metals with glomalin-related soil protein as soil pollution bioindicators in mangrove wetland ecosystems.
Exploring anaerobic CO2 production response to elevated nitrate levels in Gulf of Mexico coastal wetlands: Phenomena and relationships.
Arsenic and arsenic speciation in mushrooms from China: A review.
Chitosan/Al2O3-HA nanocomposite beads for efficient removal of estradiol and chrysoidin from aqueous solution.
Secreted metabolite-mediated interactions between rhizosphere bacteria and Trichoderma biocontrol agents.
Heterotrimeric G-alpha subunits Gpa11 and Gpa12 define a transduction pathway that control spore size and virulence in Mucor circinelloides.
Insights into fungal diversity of a shallow-water hydrothermal vent field at Kueishan Island, Taiwan by culture-based and metabarcoding analyses.
Aspergillus fumigatus calcium-responsive transcription factors regulate cell wall architecture promoting stress tolerance, virulence and caspofungin resistance.
IL-23 supports host defense against systemic Candida albicans infection by ensuring myeloid cell survival.
Design of Heptad Repeat Amphiphiles Based on Database Filtering and Structure-Function Relationships to Combat Drug-Resistant Fungi and Biofilms.
l-Phenylalanine Alters the Privileged Secondary Metabolite Production in the Marine-Derived Fungus Trichoderma erinaceum F1-1.
Plant phosphate status drives host microbial preferences: a trade-off between fungi and bacteria.
Effect of flavonoids on antimicrobial activity of microorganisms present in dental plaque.
Oxidative Stress and Apoptotic Changes in Broiler Chicken Splenocytes Exposed to T-2 Toxin.
Rhino-Orbito-Cerebral Mucormycosis: Two Cases with Amaurosis as Presentation, Medical Surgical Management and Follow-Up.
Comparison of Japanese and Indian intestinal microbiota shows diet-dependent interaction between bacteria and fungi.
Indoxyl Acetate as a Substrate for Analysis of Lipase Activity.
Design, synthesis, and evaluation of novel 2-substituted 1,4-benzenediol library as antimicrobial agents against clinically relevant pathogens.
Mucormycosis in a patient with acute myeloblastic leukemia following liver transplantation for Wilson \' s disease.
Acute hypersensitivity pneumonitis in woodworkers caused by inhalation of birch dust contaminated with &lt;i&gt;Pantoea agglomerans&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Microbacterium barkeri&lt;/i&gt;.
Microbial contamination level and microbial diversity of occupational environment in commercial and traditional dairy plants.
Antimicrobial activities of Asian ginseng, American ginseng, and notoginseng.
An atypical keloid in a Brazilian man.
Bacterial benthic community composition in the Baltic Sea in selected chemical and conventional weapons dump sites affected by munition corrosion.
milRNApredictor: Genome-free prediction of fungi milRNAs by incorporating k-mer scheme and distance-dependent pair potential.
Design and synthesis of novel cylopentapyrazoles bearing 1,2,3-thiadiazole moiety as potent antifungal agents.
Rab GDP-dissociation inhibitor gdiA is an essential gene required for cell wall chitin deposition in Aspergillus niger.
Detection of zearalenone in an aptamer assay using attenuated internal reflection ellipsometry and it \' s cereal sample applications.
A mechanistic and empirical review of antcins, a new class of phytosterols of formosan fungi origin.
Selected isolates of Trichoderma gamsii induce different pathways of systemic resistance in maize upon Fusarium verticillioides challenge.
Antifungal Activity of Ethanol-extracted Bixa orellana (L) (Achiote) on Candida albicans, at Six Different Concentrations.
My journey into the birth of plant transgenesis and its impact on modern plant biology.
Elymus sibiricus populations drive the community of root-associated arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in a monoculture agroecosystem.
Chemical composition, Fatty acids profile and Biological properties of Thymus capitatus (L.) Hoffmanns, essential Oil.
The host generalist phytopathogenic fungus Sclerotinia sclerotiorum differentially expresses multiple metabolic enzymes on two different plant hosts.
A novel Arabidopsis pathosystem reveals cooperation of multiple hormonal response-pathways in host resistance against the global crop destroyer Macrophomina phaseolina.
A CRISPR-Cas9 System for Genome Editing of Fusarium proliferatum.
Molecular Characterization of a Fungal Cyclophilin Allergen Rhi o 2 and Elucidation of Antigenic Determinants Responsible for IgE-Cross reactivity.
Pyridoxal-5 \' -phosphate-dependent bifunctional enzyme catalyzed biosynthesis of indolizidine alkaloids in fungi.
Pangenomics Comes of Age: From Bacteria to Plant and Animal Applications.
Bipolarins A-H, eight new ophiobolin-type sesterterpenes with antimicrobial activity from fungus Bipolaris sp. TJ403-B1.
A pair of new tirucallane triterpenoid epimers from the stems of Picrasma quassioides.
Molecular cytogenetic characterization of wheat-Elymus repens chromosomal translocation lines with resistance to Fusarium head blight and stripe rust.
Transcription factor regulatory modules provide the molecular mechanisms for functional redundancy observed among transcription factors in yeast.
Effect of Indigenous and Introduced Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi on Growth and Phytochemical Content of Vegetatively Propagated Prunus Africana (Hook. f.) Kalkman Provenances.
Polymicrobial interactions involving fungi and their importance for the environment and in human disease.
Investigating unexplained genetic variation and its expression in the arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus Rhizophagus irregularis: A comparison of whole genome and RAD sequencing data.
Effect of thermal control of dry fomites on regulating the survival of human pathogenic bacteria responsible for nosocomial infections.
Endocrine-independent Cytotoxicity of Bisphenol A is Mediated by Increased Levels of Reactive Oxygen Species and Affects Cell Cycle Progression.
New Look on Antifungal Activity of Silver Nanoparticles (AgNPs).
The Composition of Fungal Communities in the Rumen of Gayals (Bos frontalis), Yaks (Bos grunniens), and Yunnan and Tibetan Yellow Cattle (Bos taurs).
Diversity, Virulence Factors, and Antifungal Susceptibility Patterns of Pathogenic and Opportunistic Yeast Species in Rock Pigeon (Columba livia) Fecal Droppings in Western Saudi Arabia.
Antifungal Activity and Physicochemical Properties of a Novel Antimicrobial Protein AMP-17 from Musca domestica.
Chemical Composition of Aspergillus creber Extract and Evaluation of its Antimicrobial and Antioxidant Activities.
Prevalence and Antifungal Susceptibility of the Emerging Fungal Species, Candida nivariensis, Isolated in a Teaching Hospital in Poland.
Tenuazonic acid from Stemphylium loti inhibits the plant plasma membrane H+ -ATPase by a mechanism involving the C-terminal regulatory domain.
Candida albicans biofilms on different materials for manufacturing implant abutments and prostheses.
Clinicopathological and ultrastructural characterization of periapical actinomycosis.
Prospects for discovering the secondary metabolites of Cordyceps sensu lato by the integrated strategy.
Microbioreactor Techniques for the Production and Spectroscopic Characterization of Microbial Peptides.
Review transglutaminases: part II-industrial applications in food, biotechnology, textiles and leather products.
Cerebral phaeohyphomycosis caused by Alternaria spp.: A case report.
Insight into plant cell wall degradation and pathogenesis of Ganoderma boninense via comparative genome analysis.
[Two Cases of Pneumocystis Pneumonia during Adjuvant Chemotherapy for Breast Cancer].
Network analysis exposes core functions in major lifestyles of fungal and oomycete plant pathogens.
Transcriptome analysis of the fungal pathogen Rosellinia necatrix during infection of a susceptible avocado rootstock identifies potential mechanisms of pathogenesis.
New Polyketides from the Marine-Derived Fungus Letendraea sp. 5XNZ4-2.
Gene Cloning, Recombinant Expression, Characterization, and Molecular Modeling of the Glycolytic Enzyme Triosephosphate Isomerase from Fusarium oxysporum.
Griseaketides A-D, New Aromatic Polyketides from the Pathogenic Fungus Magnaporthe grisea.
Tomato RNA-seq Data Mining Reveals the Taxonomic and Functional Diversity of Root-Associated Microbiota.
Modified QuEChERS Extraction and HPLC-MS/MS for Simultaneous Determination of 155 Pesticide Residues in Rice (Oryza sativa L.).
N-Acetylglucosamine Regulates Morphogenesis and Virulence Pathways in Fungi.
Biologically Active Echinulin-Related Indolediketopiperazines from the Marine Sediment-Derived Fungus Aspergillus niveoglaucus.
Chromosome-Level Comprehensive Genome of Mangrove Sediment-Derived Fungus Penicillium variabile HXQ-H-1.
Microbial Transformation of Licochalcones.
Special Issue: Mucorales and Mucormycosis.
Identification by MALDI-TOF MS of Sporothrix brasiliensis Isolated from a Subconjunctival Infiltrative Lesion in an Immunocompetent Patient.
1H NMR spectroscopy-based metabolic profiling of Ophiocordyceps sinensis and Cordyceps militaris in water-boiled and 50% ethanol-soaked extracts.
What is the collective effect of aging and HIV on the gut microbiome?
MYC2, MYC3, and MYC4 function additively in wounding-induced jasmonic acid biosynthesis and catabolism.
Auto-dissemination of commercially available fungal pathogens in a laboratory assay for management of the brown dog tick Rhipicephalus sanguineus.
[Evolution of the System of Coordinate Regulation of Proteasomal Gene Expression in the Yeast Class Saccharomycetes].
[Molecular Organization of Yeast Cell Envelope].
[40 Years of Studying RNA Import into Mitochondria: From Basic Mechanisms to Gene Therapy Strategies].
Current Trends in Anti-Candida Drug Development.
Analysis of the self-assembly process of Aspergillus oryzae hydrophobin RolA by Langmuir-Blodgett method.
Rhinosinusitis in an Australian mare caused by Flavodon flavus, a recently recognized invasive fungal pathogen of the horse.
A Comparison of the Neurospora and Drosophila Clocks.
Colonies of the fungus Aspergillus niger are highly differentiated to adapt to local carbon source variation.
Ochroconis Species Isolated from Limestone Areas as the Origin of Indoor Ochroconis.
External signal-mediated polarized growth in fungi.
[Research progress on interactions between Candida albicans and common oral pathogens].
Cell Wall-Modifying Antifungal Drugs.
Synthetic Oligosaccharides Mimicking Fungal Cell Wall Polysaccharides.
Hydrophobin Rodlets on the Fungal Cell Wall.
Pigmented Corneal Ulcer.
CRISPR/Cas9 technology enables the development of the filamentous ascomycete fungus Penicillium subrubescens as a new industrial enzyme producer.
[Characteristics and Influencing Factors of Pathogenic Bacteria in Lung Cancer Chemotherapy Combined with Nosocomial Pulmonary Infection].
Using discriminative vector machine model with 2DPCA to predict interactions among proteins.
Cultivation and aerosolization of Stachybotrys chartarum for modeling pulmonary inhalation exposure.
A radiological index for evaluating the impact of an abandoned uranium mining area in Salamanca, Western Spain.
Moulds and their secondary metabolites associated with the fermentation and storage of two cocoa bean hybrids in Nigeria.
Q-SNARE protein FgSyn8 plays important role in growth, DON production and pathogenicity of Fusarium graminearum.
A novel Laccase gene from Litopenaeus vannamei is involved in the immune responses to pathogen infection and oxidative stress.
Herpotrichones A and B, Two Intermolecular [4 + 2] Adducts with Anti-Neuroinflammatory Activity from a Herpotrichia Species.
Three novel chromanones with biological activities from the endophytic fungus Phomopsis CGMCC No. 5416.
Degradation enhancement of rice straw by co-culture of Phanerochaete chrysosporium and Trichoderma viride.
Signaling from below: rodents select for deeper fruiting truffles with stronger volatile emissions.
[Secondary metabolites from Epicoccum nigrum 14one,an endophytic fungus isolated from plant Leptogium masiaticum].
[Construction of yeast one-hybrid library and screening of transcription factors regulating LS expression in Ganoderma lucidum].
[Isolation and identification of pathogen of Dendrobium officinale gray mold and its prevention and control].
[Screening and identification of antagonistic Bacillus against Astragalus membranaceus root rot and its effect on microorganism community in root zone soil].
[SSR loci information analysis in transcriptome of Cordyceps sinensis].
[Optimization of UDP-glucose supply module and production of ginsenoside F1 in Saccharomyces cerevisiae].
[Diversity of culturable fungi isolated from Coptis chinensis rot root in Shizhu city of Chongqing].
[Diversity of fungi on surface of Pheretima].
[Comparative study on appearance characters and internal structure of cultivated and wild Ganoderma lucidum in Huoshan].
Spatiotemporal heterogeneity decouples infection parameters of amphibian chytridiomycosis.
Soil nitrogen cycling is determined by the competition between mycorrhiza and ammonia-oxidizing prokaryotes.
Tibouchina granulosa (Vell.) Cogn (Melastomataceae) as source of endophytic fungi: isolation, identification, and antiprotozoal activity of metabolites from Phyllosticta capitalensis.
The putative deubiquitinating enzyme MoUbp4 is required for infection-related morphogenesis and pathogenicity in the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae.
Characterization of a Halotolerant Fungus from a Marine Sponge.
On the hunt for the alternate host of Hemileia vastatrix.
Diversity and function of fungi associated with the fungivorous millipede, Brachycybe lecontii.
A Case of Allergic Bronchopulmonary Aspergillosis (ABPA) in a Patient with a History of Cocaine Use and Tuberculosis.
Two new species of Fuscoporia (Hymenochaetales, Basidiomycota) from southern China based on morphological characters and molecular evidence.
Exploring the taxonomic composition of two fungal communities on the Swedish west coast through metabarcoding.
Blistering1 modulates Penicillium expansum virulence via vesicle-mediated protein secretion.
B cell Compartmentalization in Blood and Cerebrospinal Fluid of HIV- Infected Ugandans with Cryptococcal Meningitis.
Aspergillus fumigatus clinical isolates carrying CYP51A TR34/L98H/S297T/F495I mutation detected after 4 years retrospective azole resistance screening test in Brazil.
In vitro Susceptibility of Prototheca spp. to Antimicrotubular Agents: Preliminary Results, Perspectives and Proposal for a Screening Method.
Adaptation evolution and bioactivity of galectin from the deep sea Vesicomyidae clam Archivesica packardana.
Spirocyclic lactams and curvulinic acid derivatives from the endophytic fungus Curvularia lunata and their antibacterial and antifungal activities.
Colletotryptins A-F, new dimeric tryptophol derivatives from the endophytic fungus Colletotrichum sp. SC1355.
CYPs-mediated drug-drug interactions on psoralidin, isobavachalcone, neobavaisoflavone and daidzein in rats liver microsomes.
New series of metal complexes by amphiphilic biopolymeric Schiff bases from modified chitosans: Preparation, characterization and effect of molecular weight on its biological applications.
Natural diversity and distribution of species within the entomopathogenic fungal genus Metarhizium in forest ecosystems in Sichuan Province, China.
Activity of Metarhizium brunneum and Beauveria bassiana against early developmental stages of the false codling moth Thaumatotibia leucotreta.
Fungal potential for the degradation of petroleum-based polymers: An overview of macro- and microplastics biodegradation.
Design, synthesis and bio-evaluation of C-1 alkylated tetrahydro-beta-carboline derivatives as novel antifungal lead compounds.
[Phaeohyphomycosis by Exserohilum rostratum in a pediatric patient with acute lymphoblastic leukemia after bone marrow transplantation].
Herbicide-tolerant endophytic bacteria of rice plants as the biopriming agents for fertility recovery and disease suppression of unhealthy rice seeds.
GPI-Modified Proteins Non-covalently Attached to Saccharomyces cerevisiae Yeast Cell Wall.
When and How Can Death Be an Adaptation?
Low-density polyethylene films incorporated with silver nanoparticles to promote antimicrobial efficiency in food packaging.
Infectious Keratitis Caused by Rare and Emerging Micro-Organisms.
Quantitative proteomics analysis by SWATH-MS reveals inhibition mechanism of pigments and citrinin production of Monascus response to high ammonium chloride concentration.
Role of Gut Microbiota in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complications: Novel Insights and Potential Intervention Strategies.
Physical properties of mucilage polysaccharides from Dioscorea opposita Thunb.
Pretreatment of polysaccharidic wastes with cellulolytic Aspergillus fumigatus for enhanced production of biohythane in a dual-stage process.
Edible ectomycorrhizal fungi and Cistaceae. A study on compatibility and fungal ecological strategies.
Clonality, spatial structure, and pathogenic variation in Fusarium fujikuroi from rain-fed rice in southern Laos.
Characterization of Aspergillus nidulans TRAPPs uncovers unprecedented similarities between fungi and metazoans and reveals the modular assembly of TRAPPII.
Arbuscular mycorrhiza has little influence on N2O potential emissions compared to plant diversity in experimental plant communities.
Functional convergence in the decomposition of fungal necromass in soil and wood.
Synergistic effects of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and plant growth-promoting bacteria benefit maize growth under increasing soil salinity.
High catalytic performance of laccase wired to naphthylated multiwall carbon nanotubes.
The cotton miR477-CBP60A module participates in plant defence against Verticillium dahliae.
Biomimetic synthesis of rhytidenone A and elucidation of mode of action of the cytotoxic rhytidenone F.
Measuring Phagocytosis of Aspergillus fumigatus Conidia by Human Leukocytes using Flow Cytometry.
In Situ Microscopy for Real-time Determination of Single-cell Morphology in Bioprocesses.
Advances in understanding and managing Scedosporium respiratory infections in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Deletion of haematopoietic Dectin-2 or CARD9 does not protect from atherosclerosis development under hyperglycaemic conditions.
Structurally Diverse Meroterpenoids from a Marine-Derived Aspergillus sp. Fungus.
Sputum cytology: Fungus-like elements in an immunocompromised patient.
Inoculation with the mycorrhizal fungus Rhizophagus irregularis modulates the relationship between root growth and nutrient content in maize (Zea mays ssp. mays L.).
Identification of Fungal Communities Within the Tar Spot Complex of Corn in Michigan via Next-Generation Sequencing.
Degradation of Ferulic Acid by the Endophytic Fungus Colletotrichum gloeosporioides TMTM-13 Associated with Ostrya rehderiana Chun.
Antifungal Activity, Toxicity, and Membranolytic Action of a Mastoparan Analog Peptide.
Structural Motifs of Wheat Straw Lignin Differ in Susceptibility to Degradation by the White-Rot Fungus Ceriporiopsis subvermispora.
Bidirectional histone-gene promoters in Aspergillus: characterization and application for multi-gene expression.
A Similar Secretome Disturbance as a Hallmark of Non-pathogenic Botrytis cinerea ATMT-Mutants?
PHI-Nets: A Network Resource for Ascomycete Fungal Pathogens to Annotate and Identify Putative Virulence Interacting Proteins and siRNA Targets.
Progress in Microbial Degradation of Feather Waste.
Volatile Composition, Colour, and Sensory Quality of  : Spirit-Based Beverages Enriched with Medicinal Fungus Ganoderma lucidum and Herbal Extract.
A novel sequestrate species from Mexico: Aroramyces guanajuatensis sp. nov. (Hysterangiaceae, Hysterangiales).
In vitro characterization, ADME analysis, histological and toxicological evaluation of BM1, a macrocyclic amidinourea active against azole-resistant Candida strains.
Mosquito Microbiota and Implications for Disease Control.
Fungal Rhinosinusitis and Disseminated Invasive Aspergillosis in Cats.
Chromium (VI) bioremediation potential of filamentous fungi isolated from Peruvian tannery industry effluents.
Beauveria bassiana for the simultaneous control of Aedes albopictus and Culex pipiens mosquito adults shows high conidia persistence and productivity.
Isolation and characterization of psychrophilic and psychrotolerant plant-growth promoting microorganisms from a high-altitude volcano crater in Mexico.
Bioconversion of yellow wine wastes into microbial protein via mixed yeast-fungus cultures.
The improved methods of heavy metals removal by biosorbents: A review.
Not a fungi to be with: Shiitake mushroom flagellate dermatitis.
Cryptococcus and cryptococcosis in Iran during 1969-2019: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Amperometric microsensor based on nanoporous gold for ascorbic acid detection in highly acidic biological extracts.
Pathogenic fungi-induced susceptibility is mitigated by mutual Lactobacillus plantarum in the Drosophila melanogaster model.
Wild edible mushrooms from Mediterranean region: Metal concentrations and health risk assessment.
Enhanced anti-lung carcinoma and anti-biofilm activity of fungal molecules mediated biogenic zinc oxide nanoparticles conjugated with beta-D-glucan from barley.
The total microbiome functions in bacteria and fungi.
Development and validation of a multiplex-PCR based assay for the detection of 18 pathogens in the cerebrospinal fluid of hospitalized children with viral encephalitis.
Fertility-related interplay between fungal guilds underlies plant richness-productivity relationships in natural grasslands.
Conditioning the soil microbiome through plant-soil feedbacks suppresses an aboveground insect pest.
Evaluation of antagonistic activity and mechanisms of endophytic yeasts against pathogenic fungi causing economic crop diseases.
Endemic and panglobal genetic groups, and divergence of host-associated forms in worldwide collections of the wheat leaf rust fungus Puccinia triticina as determined by genotyping by sequencing.
Availability of orchid mycorrhizal fungi on roadside trees in a tropical urban landscape.
Biochemical response of Rhodotorula mucilaginosa and Cladosporium herbarum isolated from aquatic environment on iron(III) ions.
LaeA controls citric acid production through regulation of a citrate exporter encoding cexA in Aspergillus luchuensis mut. kawachii.
Core rhizosphere microbiomes of dryland wheat are influenced by location and land-use history.
Nitric oxide improves the tolerance of Pleurotus ostreatus to heat stress by inhibiting mitochondrial aconitase.
P-mapa, a promisor immunomodulator against tumor cells of colonic tissues: An investigation of the action mechanism over the TLR4 signaling pathway.
Endolichenic fungus, Aspergillus quandricinctus of Usnea longissima inhibits quorum sensing and biofilm formation of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1.
New potential green, bioactive and antimicrobial nanocomposites based on cellulose and amino acid.
Integration of earthworms and arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi into phytoremediation of cadmium-contaminated soil by Solanum nigrum L.
Deep-Sea Fungi Could Be the New Arsenal for Bioactive Molecules.
Marker-Assisted Gene Pyramiding and the Reliability of Using SNP Markers Located in the Recombination Suppressed Regions of Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.).
Fumagillin, a Mycotoxin of Aspergillus fumigatus: Biosynthesis, Biological Activities, Detection, and Applications.
Candida spp./Bacteria Mixed Biofilms.
Epibiotic Fungal Communities of Three Tomicus spp. Infesting Pines in Southwestern China.
New Species of the Genus Curvularia: C. tamilnaduensis and C. coimbatorensis from Fungal Keratitis Cases in South India.
Biotic Environments Supporting the Persistence of Clinically Relevant Mucormycetes.
Fungal Diversity of Deteriorated Sparkling Wine and Cork Stoppers in Catalonia, Spain.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Thitarodes Armoricanus in Response to the Entomopathogenic Fungi Paecilomyces Hepiali and Ophiocordyceps Sinensis.
Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Can Compensate for the Loss of Indigenous Microbial Communities to Support the Growth of Liquorice (Glycyrrhiza uralensis Fisch.).
Histoplasmosis in Persons Living with HIV.
Fungal and Bacterial Communities Exhibit Consistent Responses to Reversal of Soil Acidification and Phosphorus Limitation over Time.
Candida auris-"Ten Years After".
The Role of Molecular Tests in the Diagnosis of Disseminated Histoplasmosis.
Synthesis and Evaluation of Saccharide-Based Aliphatic and Aromatic Esters as Antimicrobial and Antibiofilm Agents.
Identification of Insect-Deterrent Metabolites from Acremonium masseei strain CICY026, a Saprophytic Fungus from a Sinkhole in Yucatan.
Bioactive Secondary Metabolites from the Culture of the Mangrove-Derived Fungus Daldinia eschscholtzii HJ004.
Antibacterial Isoquinoline Alkaloids from the Fungus Penicillium Spathulatum Em19.
Identification of Cryptic Species of Four Candida Complexes in a Culture Collection.
Management of infective corneal ulcers in a high-income developing country.
A dispensable paralog of succinate dehydrogenase subunit C mediates standing resistance towards a subclass of SDHI fungicides in Zymoseptoria tritici.
Identification and characterization of compounds from Chrysosporium multifidum, a fungus with moderate antimicrobial activity isolated from Hermetia illucens gut microbiota.
Beltrania sinensis sp. nov., an endophytic fungus from China and a key to species of the genus.
Taxonomic reassessment of the genus Pseudocitrobacter using whole genome sequencing: Pseudocitrobacter anthropi is a later heterotypic synonym of Pseudocitrobacter faecalis and description of Pseudocitrobacter vendiensis sp. nov.
Plant Phytochemicals in Food Preservation: Antifungal Bioactivity: A Review.
[Leptolegnia chapmanii como alternativa biologica para el control de Aedes aegypti].
[Vertebral cryptococosis. Case report and literature review].
[Curvularia spicifera].
- No Title -
[Ringworm of Trichophyton tonsurans outbreak in a basic school in Valparaiso, Chile].
Effect of Pyrisoxazole on Colletotrichum scovillei Infection and Anthracnose on Chili.
Understanding Why Effective Fungicides Against Individual Soilborne Pathogens Are Ineffective with Soilborne Pathogen Complexes.
Comparative iTRAQ Proteomics Reveals Multiple Effects of Selenium Yeast on Dairy Cows in Parturition.
Novel strategy to improve the colonizing ability of Irpex lacteus in non-sterile wheat straw for enhanced rumen and enzymatic digestibility.
Serendipita Species Trigger Cultivar-Specific Responses to Fusarium Wilt in Tomato.
Phytoseiid predatory mites can disperse entomopathogenic fungi to prey patches.
Metagenomic next-generation sequencing for mixed pulmonary infection diagnosis.
The dishwasher rubber seal acts as a reservoir of bacteria in the home environment.
[Reliability of the Identification Result of Score Value  2.000 with the MALDI Biotyper: What Kind of Polymicrobial Species Are Included].
Developmental stages of biofilm and characterization of extracellular matrix of manglicolous fungus Aspergillus niger BSC-1.
Protoilludane-type sesquiterpenoids from Armillaria sp. by co-culture with the endophytic fungus Epicoccumsp. associated with Gastrodia elata.
Lanostane triterpenoids from cultivated fruiting bodies of the wood-rot basidiomycete Ganoderma casuarinicola.
Intestinal fungal dysbiosis in mice induced by fluoride.
Genomic Regions Associated with Virulence in Pyrenophora teres f. teres Identified by Genome-Wide Association Analysis and Bi-parental Mapping.
High Azole Resistance in Aspergillus fumigatus Isolates from Strawberry Fields, China, 2018.
[Response of Soil CO2 Emissions to Straw-returning in Citrus/Mushroom Intercropping Systems].
[Straw Returning Plus Nitrogen Fertilizer Affects the Soil Microbial Community and Organic Carbon Mineralization in Karst Farmland].
Potential Distribution of Six North American Higher-Attine Fungus-Farming Ant (Hymenoptera: Formicidae) Species.
High mortality in Bufo gargarizans eggs associated with an undescribed Saprolegnia ferax strain in the Republic of Korea.
Host-parasite interaction during subepidermal sporulation and pustule opening in rust fungi (Pucciniales).
Habitat filtering shapes the differential structure of microbial communities in the Xilingol grassland.
One-step synthesis of gold and silver non-spherical nanoparticles mediated by Eosin Methylene Blue agar.
Schizophyllum commune induces IL-17-mediated neutrophilic airway inflammation in OVA-induced asthma model mice.
Nanoemulsion as an Effective Treatment against Human-Pathogenic Fungi.
Osa-miR7695 enhances transcriptional priming in defense responses against the rice blast fungus.
Traditional mycological knowledge and processes of change in Mapuche communities from Patagonia, Argentina: A study on wild edible fungi in Nothofagaceae forests.
Retrospective Analysis of Patients With Acute Invasive Fungal Rhinosinusitis in a Single Tertiary Academic Medical Center: A 10-Year Experience.
HSV-1/TLR9-Mediated IFNbeta and TNFalpha Induction Is Mal-Dependent in Macrophages.
Effects of cotrimoxazole prophylaxis on Talaromyces marneffei infection in HIV/AIDS patients receiving antiretroviral therapy: a retrospective cohort study.
The diversity and abundance of fungi and bacteria on the healthy and dandruff affected human scalp.
Novel polymeric microspheres: Synthesis, enzyme immobilization, antimutagenic activity, and antimicrobial evaluation against pathogenic microorganisms.
Virulence of Leaf Rust Physiological Races in Iran From 2010 to 2017.
Seed-Associated Fungal Diversity and the Molecular Identification of Fusarium with Potential Threat to Ginseng (Panax ginseng) in China.
Periodontics in the USA: An introduction.
High prevalence of itraconazole resistance among Candida parapsilosis isolated from Iran.
Investigation of cgrA and cyp51A gene alternations in Aspergillus fumigatus strains exposed to kombucha fermented tea.
Antifungal effect of the effect of Securigera securidaca L. vaginal gel on Candida species.
Indifferent effect of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) combined with fluconazole against multidrug-resistant Candida auris.
A multi-centered study of Pneumocystis jirovecii colonization in patients with respiratory disorders: Is there a colonization trend in the elderly?
Application of platelet-rich plasma and platelet lysate in the treatment of experimental lymphocutaneous sporotrichosi.
Synthesis, Antimicrobial Activity, Structure-Activity Relationship, and Molecular Docking Studies of Indole Diketopiperazine Alkaloids.
The Structural Biology of Galectin-Ligand Recognition: Current Advances in Modeling Tools, Protein Engineering, and Inhibitor Design.
The Role of Non-Mycorrhizal Fungi in Germination of the Mycoheterotrophic Orchid Pogoniopsis schenckii Cogn.
Dual Mode of the Saponin Aescin in Plant Protection: Antifungal Agent and Plant Defense Elicitor.
Enhancement of Cellulase Production in Trichoderma reesei via Disruption of Multiple Protease Genes Identified by Comparative Secretomics.
Differently Pre-treated Alfalfa Silages Affect the in vitro Ruminal Microbiota Composition.
Requirement of LaeA, VeA, and VelB on Asexual Development, Ochratoxin A Biosynthesis, and Fungal Virulence in Aspergillus ochraceus.
Role of Protein Mannosylation in the Candida tropicalis-Host Interaction.
LA-MRSA CC398 in Dairy Cattle and Veal Calf Farms Indicates Spillover From Pig Production.
Endophytes and Epiphytes From the Grapevine Leaf Microbiome as Potential Biocontrol Agents Against Phytopathogens.
Unaltered Fungal Burden and Lethality in Human CEACAM1-Transgenic Mice During Candida albicans Dissemination and Systemic Infection.
Ice-Binding Proteins in a Chrysophycean Snow Alga: Acquisition of an Essential Gene by Horizontal Gene Transfer.
Biocontrol of Rhizoctonia solani via Induction of the Defense Mechanism and Antimicrobial Compounds Produced by Bacillus subtilis SL-44 on Pepper (Capsicum annuum L.).
Snake Venom Cathelicidins as Natural Antimicrobial Peptides.
Outbreaks And Epidemics Of Superficial Dermatophytosis Due To Trichophyton mentagrophytes Complex And Microsporum canis: Global And Indian Scenario.
A rapid approach to profiling diverse fungal communities using the MinION  nanopore sequencer.
Neighbours of arbuscular-mycorrhiza associating trees are colonized more extensively by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi than their conspecifics in ectomycorrhiza dominated stands.
Discovery, biosynthesis and antifungal mechanism of the polyene-polyol meijiemycin.
Mass spectrometry reveals the presence of specific set of epigenetic DNA modifications in the Norway spruce genome.
Genomewide and Enzymatic Analysis Reveals Efficient d-Galacturonic Acid Metabolism in the Basidiomycete Yeast Rhodosporidium toruloides.
How to Train Your Fungus.
The Unfolded Protein Response Regulates Pathogenic Development of Ustilago maydis by Rok1-Dependent Inhibition of Mating-Type Signaling.
Time after Time: Temporal Variation in the Effects of Grass and Forb Species on Soil Bacterial and Fungal Communities.
The Aminoalkylindole BML-190 Negatively Regulates Chitosan Synthesis via the Cyclic AMP/Protein Kinase A1 Pathway in Cryptococcus neoformans.
Predictive model of in-hospital mortality in left-sided infective endocarditis.
Pathogen defence is a potential driver of social evolution in ambrosia beetles.
Fungicide suppression of flight performance in the honeybee (Apis mellifera) and its amelioration by quercetin.
Preparation, characterization and evaluation of zinc oxide nanoparticles suspension as an antimicrobial media for daily use soft contact lenses.
Repeat-Induced Point Mutations Drive Divergence between Fusarium circinatum and Its Close Relatives.
Comparative Proteomic Analysis of Pleurotus ostreatus Reveals Great Metabolic Differences in the Cap and Stipe Development and the Potential Role of Ca2+ in the Primordium Differentiation.
Enhanced Antifungal Activities of Eugenol-Entrapped Casein Nanoparticles against Anthracnose in Postharvest Fruits.
AflSte20 Regulates Morphogenesis, Stress Response, and Aflatoxin Biosynthesis of Aspergillus flavus.
The Broad Clinical Spectrum of Disseminated Histoplasmosis in HIV-Infected Patients: A 30 Years \'  Experience in French Guiana.
Exploring the potential of vineyards for biodiversity conservation and delivery of biodiversity-mediated ecosystem services: A global-scale systematic review.
Immobilization of Aspergillus niger lipase onto a novel macroporous acrylic resin: Stable and recyclable biocatalysis for deacidification of high-acid soy sauce residue oil.
Symbiosis Signaling: Solanaceae Symbiotic LCO Receptors Are Functional for Rhizobium Perception in Legumes.
Magnaporthiopsis cynodontis, a novel turfgrass pathogen with widespread distribution in the United States.
Genera of Inocybaceae: New skin for the old ceremony.
Annual replication is essential in evaluating the response of the soil microbiome to the genetic modification of maize in different biogeographical regions.
Influences of carbohydrate, nitrogen, and phosphorus sources on the citric acid production by fungal endophyte Aspergillus fumigatus P3I6.
Engineering of industrially important microorganisms for assimilation of cellulosic biomass: towards consolidated bioprocessing.
Bacterial and fungal ecology on air conditioning cooling coils is influenced by climate and building factors.
Production of antifungal compounds by Bacillus spp. isolates and its capacity for controlling citrus black spot under field conditions.
Production of Short Chain Fructo-oligosaccharides from Inulin of Chicory Root Using Fungal Endoinulinase.
Sustainable and Effective Chitosan Production by Dimorphic Fungus Mucor rouxii via Replacing Yeast Extract with Fungal Extract.
Decoding the secret of species coexistence: a perspective from soil fungi.
Complete genome sequence of a novel victorivirus isolated from the sesame charcoal rot fungus Macrophomina phaseolina.
Intestinal microbiome and NAFLD: molecular insights and therapeutic perspectives.
Identification and genetic analysis of a totivirus isolated from the Culex tritaeniorhynchus in northern China.
Identification of Differentially Expressed Genes in Trichoderma koningii IABT1252 During Its Interaction with Sclerotium rolfsii.
Identification and characterization of Schizophyllum commune type I metacaspases.
Fossil fern rhizomes as a model system for exploring epiphyte community structure across geologic time: evidence from Patagonia.
Limited initial impacts of biomass harvesting on composition of wood-inhabiting fungi within residual stumps.
Supplementation of live yeast based feed additive in early life promotes rumen microbial colonization and fibrolytic potential in lambs.
No evidence of queen immunization despite transgenerational immune priming in Crematogaster scutellaris ants.
Roles of microRNAs and prospective view of competing endogenous RNAs in mycotoxicosis.
Role of membrane compartment occupied by Can1 (MCC) and eisosome subdomains in plant pathogenicity of the necrotrophic fungus Alternaria brassicicola.
Inferring Pareto-optimal reconciliations across multiple event costs under the duplication-loss-coalescence model.
First Synthesis of (-)-Altenuene-D3 Suitable as Internal Standard for Isotope Dilution Mass Spectrometry.
The Chemistry, Pharmacology and Therapeutic Potential of the Edible Mushroom Dictyophora indusiata (Vent ex. Pers.) Fischer (Synn. Phallus indusiatus).
Coagulant Effects and Mechanism of Schefflera heptaphylla (L.) Frodin.
A Decade of Antifungal Leads from Natural Products: 2010-2019.
Developing Gold Nanoparticles-Conjugated Aflatoxin B1 Antifungal Strips.
Global meta-analysis on the responses of soil extracellular enzyme activities to warming.
Synergistic effect of Klebsiella sp. FH-1 and Arthrobacter sp. NJ-1 on the growth of the microbiota in the black soil of Northeast China.
Valorization of palm biomass wastes for biodiesel feedstock and clean solid biofuel through non-sterile repeated solid-state fermentation.
Gain and loss of a transcription factor that regulates late trichothecene biosynthetic pathway genes in Fusarium.
Role of the XylA gene, encoding a cell wall degrading enzyme, during common wheat, durum wheat and barley colonization by Fusarium graminearum.
ASSESSMENT OF RADIOPROTECTIVE ACTION OF BASIDIOMYCOTIC MELANIN PIGMENTS ON THE HEMATOPOIETIC SYSTEM OF Balb/C MICE UNDER EXPOSURE TO IONIZING RADIATION IN SUBLETHAL DOSE.
Limonene, a Chemical Compound Related to the Resistance of Eucalyptus Species to Austropuccinia psidii.
Pathotype Grouping of Cercospora sojina Isolates on Soybean and Sensitivity to QoI Fungicides.
Characterization of Natural Isolates of Bipolaris maydis Associated with Mating Types, Genetic Diversity, and Pathogenicity in Fujian Province, China.
Diversity and Distribution of Rice Blast (Pyricularia oryzae Cavara) Races in Vietnam.
Discovery, Structural Optimization and Mode of Action of Essramycin Alkaloid and Its Derivatives as Anti-Tobacco Mosaic Virus (TMV) and Anti-phytopathogenic-Fungus Agents.
Distorted Gold(I)-Phosphine Complexes as Antifungal Agents.
An endophytic Penicillium oxalicum isolated from Citrus limon possesses antioxidant and genoprotective potential.
Mycoprotein as a possible alternative source of dietary protein to support muscle and metabolic health.
Fusarium Crown Rot of Winter Wheat Influenced by Resource Competition Near a Tree Windbreak.
Assessing Rate-Reducing Foliar Resistance to Anthracnose Crown Rot and Fruit Rot in Strawberry.
Screening Tall Fescue for Resistance to Rhizoctonia solani and Rhizoctonia zeae Using Digital Image Analysis.
Diversity of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi associated with acacia trees in southwestern Saudi Arabia.
The Dictyostelium model for mitochondrial biology and disease.
Application of Membrane and Cell Wall Selective Fluorescent Dyes for Live-Cell Imaging of Filamentous Fungi.
Branched-chain volatile fatty acids and folic acid accelerated the growth of Holstein dairy calves by stimulating nutrient digestion and rumen metabolism.
A review on cancer therapy based on the photothermal effect of gold nanorod.
Antifungal xanthones produced by the endophytic fungus Paraconionthyrium sp. YM 311593.
Educational Case: Chronic Pulmonary Aspergillosis.
Epidemiology of dermatomycoses in southwest Poland, years 2011-2016.
Glucuronidation as a metabolic barrier against zearalenone in rat everted intestine.
Structural insights into the catalytic mechanism of lovastatin hydrolase.
Modulation of Structural Heterogeneity Controls Phytochrome Photoswitching.
[Analysis of Risk Factors Affecting the Chemotherapy-related Infections in Patients with ALL].
Microbiome in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: Role of Natural Products Against Microbial Pathogens.
Sampling and PCR method for detecting pathogenic Fusarium oxysporum strains in onion harvest.
FAD dependent glucose dehydrogenases - Discovery and engineering of representative glucose sensing enzymes.
Insights into the transcriptional responses of a microbial community to silver nanoparticles in a freshwater microcosm.
A spontaneous mutation in DNA polymerase POL3 during in vitro passaging causes a hypermutator phenotype in Cryptococcus species.
Allelopathic Plants: Models for Studying Plant-Interkingdom Interactions.
Cladonia uncialis as a valuable raw material of biosynthetic compounds against clinical strains of bacteria and fungi.
Assessment of bacterial and fungal communities in a full-scale thermophilic sewage sludge composting pile under a semipermeable cover.
Effects of exopolysaccharide fractions with different molecular weights and compositions on fecal microflora during in vitro fermentation.
Nutrient and heavy metal removal from piggery wastewater and CH4 enrichment in biogas based on microalgae cultivation technology under different initial inoculum concentration.
Research advances in the Pyrenophora teres-barley interaction.
Resilience of soil aggregation and exocellular enzymatic functions associated with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal communities along a successional gradient in a tropical dry forest.
Discovery of Ganoderma lucidum triterpenoids as potential inhibitors against Dengue virus NS2B-NS3 protease.
CmAim24 is Essential for Mitochondrial Morphology, Conidiogenesis and Mycoparasitism in Coniothyrium minitans.
Discovery of gamma-lactam derivatives containing 1,3-benzodioxole unit as potential anti-phytopathogenic fungus agents.
Airborne exposure of Rhizobium leguminosarum strain E20-8 to volatile monoterpenes: Effects on cells challenged by cadmium.
Diagnostic laboratory immunology for talaromycosis (penicilliosis): review from the bench-top techniques to the point-of-care testing.
Monitoring recent changes of vegetation in Fildes Peninsula (King George Island, Antarctica) through satellite imagery guided by UAV surveys.
In vitro fungicidal activity and in planta control efficacy of coumoxystrobin against Magnaporthe oryzae.
Reduced sensitivity of azoxystrobin and thiophanate-methyl resistance in Lasiodiplodia theobromae from papaya.
Corrigendum to "Effects of a novel SDHI fungicide pyraziflumid on the biology of the plant pathogenic fungi Bipolaris maydis" [Pestic. Biochem. Physiol. 149 (2018) 20-25].
Farnesol, a Quorum-Sensing Molecule of Candida Albicans Triggers the Release of Neutrophil Extracellular Traps.
Transcriptome Analysis of Wheat Roots Reveals a Differential Regulation of Stress Responses Related to Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi and Soil Disturbance.
Investigation of Anti-Inflammatory Potential of N-Arylcinnamamide Derivatives.
Effect of Antibacterial Silver-Releasing Filler on the Physicochemical Properties of Poly(Methyl Methacrylate) Denture Base Material.
Exploiting the Advantages of Molecular Tools for the Monitoring of Fungal Indoor Air Contamination: First Detection of Exophiala jeanselmei in Indoor Air of Air-Conditioned Offices.
Regulation of Morphology, Aflatoxin Production, and Virulence of Aspergillus flavus by the Major Nitrogen Regulatory Gene areA.
Study of Humoral Responses against Lomentospora/Scedosporium spp. and Aspergillus fumigatus to Identify L. prolificans Antigens of Interest for Diagnosis and Treatment.
A Cold-Adapted Chitinase-Producing Bacterium from Antarctica and Its Potential in Biocontrol of Plant Pathogenic Fungi.
Fungal Laccase Production from Lignocellulosic Agricultural Wastes by Solid-State Fermentation: A Review.
Simultaneous enrichment of grape pomace with gamma-linolenic acid and carotenoids by solid-state fermentation with Zygomycetes fungi and antioxidant potential of the bioprocessed substrates.
Are workers from waste sorting industry really protected by wearing Filtering Respiratory Protective Devices? The gap between the myth and reality.
Esterase is a powerful tool for the biodegradation of pyrethroid insecticides.
Differences in Foot Skin Microbiomes Between Patients with Type 2 Diabetes and Healthy Individuals.
An ectomycorrhizal fungus alters sensitivity to jasmonate, salicylate, gibberellin, and ethylene in host roots.
The volatile organic compound dimethylhexadecylamine affects bacterial growth and swarming motility of bacteria.
Cytochalasins from endophytic Diaporthe sp. GDG-118.
Characterization of Aroma-active Compounds in Four Yeast Extracts Using Instrumental and Sensory Techniques.
[Research progress on the bioweathering and controlling of stone cultural relics].
[Research advances in species diversity of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in terrestrial agro-ecosystem].
Rare species, functional groups, and evolutionary lineages drive successional trajectories in disturbed forests.
Perspectives on Anti-Candida Drug Development.
Aromatic hydrocarbon compound degradation of phenylacetic acid by indigenous bacterial Sphingopyxis isolated from Lake Taihu.
Three new polyketides from the endophytic fungus Penicillium purpurogenum.
High Prevalence of Cryptococcus neoformans and Isolation of Other Opportunistic Fungi From Pigeon (Columba livia) Droppings in Northeast Iran.
Rapid methods for the separation of natural mixtures of beauverolides, cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitors, isolated from the fungus Isaria fumosorosea.
Antifungal activity of Copaiba resin oil in solution and nanoemulsion against Paracoccidioides spp.
In vitro antifungal activity of dimethyl trisulfide against Colletotrichum gloeosporioides from mango.
Efficient enzymatic saccharification of macroalgal biomass using a specific thermostable GH 12 endoglucanase from Aspergillus terreus JL1.
AM fungal diversity and its impact across three types of mid-temperate steppe in Inner Mongolia, China.
The role of active movement in fungal ecology and community assembly.
Can tailored nanoceria act as a prebiotic? Report on improved lipid profile and gut microbiota in obese mice.
Comparison of Microbial Community of Rhizosphere and Endosphere in Kiwifruit.
Isolation and Characterization of Airborne Mushroom Damaging Trichoderma spp. from Indoor Air of Cultivation Houses Used for Oak Wood Mushroom Production Using Sawdust Media.
Proteomic Changes in the Sound Vibration-Treated Arabidopsis thaliana Facilitates Defense Response during Botrytis cinerea Infection.
Biocontrol Potential of Fungal Endophytes against Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. cucumerinum Causing Wilt in Cucumber.
Plasmid-based and -free methods using CRISPR/Cas9 system for replacement of targeted genes in Colletotrichum sansevieriae.
Genome Sequences of Two Strains of the Food Spoilage Mold Aspergillus fischeri.
Draft Genome Sequence of the Ectomycorrhizal Ascomycete Sphaerosporella brunnea.
Putting the fun in fungi: toenail onychomycosis.
Pathogenic characteristics of nosocomial infections in patients with cerebrovascular diseases and characteristics and treatment of pathogenic bacteria in different seasons.
Editorial overview: Host-microbe interactions: fungi.
Genomes and secretomes of Ascomycota fungi reveal diverse functions in plant biomass decomposition and pathogenesis.
An AIDS patient with urine retention.
Transcriptome Analysis of MDA-MB-231 Cells Treated with Fumosorinone Isolated from Insect Pathogenic Fungi.
Biodegradation of polyethylene microplastic particles by the fungus Aspergillus flavus from the guts of wax moth Galleria mellonella.
Cellular engineering strategies toward sustainable omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids production: State of the art and perspectives.
The mitochondrial genome of Morchella importuna (272.2 kb) is the largest among fungi and contains numerous introns, mitochondrial non-conserved open reading frames and repetitive sequences.
Exploiting the potential of metal and solvent tolerant laccase from Tricholoma giganteum AGDR1 for the removal of pesticides.
Identification of antimicrobial metabolites produced by a potential biocontrol actinomycete strain A217.
Flax rust infection transcriptomics reveals a transcriptional profile that may be indicative for rust Avr genes.
Diversity and distribution of microbial communities in floral nectar of two night-blooming plants of the Sonoran Desert.
Novel halotolerant species of Emericellopsis and Parasarocladium associated with macroalgae in an estuarine environment.
Analysis of polysaccharide hydrolases secreted by Aspergillus flavipes FP-500 on corn cobs and wheat bran as complex carbon sources.
Benzophenone Compounds, from a Marine-Derived Strain of the Fungus Pestalotiopsis neglecta, Inhibit Proliferation of Pancreatic Cancer Cells by Targeting the MEK/ERK Pathway.
Epidemiological and clinical comparisons of pediatric and adult sporotrichosis in Jilin Province, China.
Systemic stereoselectivity study of bromothalonil: stereoselective bioactivity, toxicity, and degradation in vegetables and soil.
Terminating rice innate immunity induction requires a network of antagonistic and redox-responsive E3 ubiquitin ligases targeting a fungal sirtuin.
Brazilian fungal diversity represented by DNA markers generated over 20 years.
Assessment of Polygala paniculata (Polygalaceae) characteristics for evolutionary studies of legume-rhizobia symbiosis.
Effect of temperature on growth, gene expression, and aflatoxin production by Aspergillus nomius isolated from Brazil nuts.
Biomonitoring by epiphytic lichen species-Pyxine cocoes (Sw.) Nyl.: understanding characteristics of trace metal in ambient air of different landuses in mid-Brahmaputra Valley.
Influence of cell wall polymers and their modifying enzymes during plant-aphid interactions.
Genotyping for Blast (Pyricularia oryzae) Resistance Genes in F2 Population of Supa Aromatic Rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Microscopic Examination of Nail Clippings from Patients with Palmoplantar Pustulosis.
An Italian Case of Disseminated Histoplasmosis Associated with HIV.
Greener synthesis of chemical compounds and materials.
Species-specific effects of passive warming in an Antarctic moss system.
On mycohuman performances: fungi in current artistic research.
Identification of novel citramalate biosynthesis pathways in Aspergillus niger.
Shape-Depended Biological Properties of Ag3PO4 Microparticles: Evaluation of Antimicrobial Properties and Cytotoxicity in In Vitro Model-Safety Assessment of Potential Clinical Usage.
The evolution of a bat population with white-nose syndrome (WNS) reveals a shift from an epizootic to an enzootic phase.
Evaluation of the Bioactivities of Rumex crispus L. Leaves and Root Extracts Using Toxicity, Antimicrobial, and Antiparasitic Assays.
Occurrence of Fungi and Mycotoxins in Fish Feeds and Their Impact on Fish Health.
Lung and Gut Microbiota as Potential Hidden Driver of Immunotherapy Efficacy in Lung Cancer.
Chromosomal dynamics in space and time: evolutionary history of Mycetophylax ants across past climatic changes in the Brazilian Atlantic coast.
Species-Specific Differences in the Susceptibility of Fungi to the Antifungal Protein AFP Depend on C-3 Saturation of Glycosylceramides.
Structural characterization and antioxidant activity of polysaccharide from four auriculariales.
Advances in antiviral polysaccharides derived from edible and medicinal plants and mushrooms.
Short chain chito-oligosaccharides promote arbuscular mycorrhizal colonization in Medicago truncatula.
Pectic polysaccharides from purple passion fruit peel: A comprehensive study in macromolecular and conformational characterizations.
Lipid composition and cell surface hydrophobicity of Candida albicans influence the efficacy of fluconazole-gentamicin treatment.
Fusarium xyrophilum, sp. nov., a member of the Fusarium fujikuroi species complex recovered from pseudoflowers on yellow-eyed grass (Xyris spp.) from Guyana.
Cladosporium Endogenous Endophthalmitis Mimicking Toxoplasma Retinochoroiditis.
Use of mycorrhizal fungi releases the application of organic fertilizers to increase the production of leaf vitexin in yellow passion fruit.
Host tree organ is the primary driver of endophytic fungal community structure in a hemiboreal forest.
Anti-tumor and immunomodulatory activity of the aqueous extract of Sarcodon imbricatus in vitro and in vivo.
Snow and Glacial Algae: A Review.
The Glucan-Remodeling Enzyme Phr1p and the Chitin Synthase Chs1p Cooperate to Maintain Proper Nuclear Segregation and Cell Integrity in Candida albicans.
Who Needs a Contractile Actomyosin Ring? The Plethora of Alternative Ways to Divide a Protozoan Parasite.
Phylogenetic re-evaluation of Thielavia with the introduction of a new family Podosporaceae.
Environment and Host-Genetic Determinants in Early Development of Allergic Asthma: Contribution of Fungi.
A Continuous-Flow Model for in vitro Cultivation of Mixed Microbial Populations Associated With Cystic Fibrosis Airway Infections.
From the Vineyard to the Winery: How Microbial Ecology Drives Regional Distinctiveness of Wine.
Genetic Transformation of the Filamentous Fungus Pseudogymnoascus verrucosus of Antarctic Origin.
Aspergillus section Flavi and Aflatoxins: Occurrence, Detection, and Identification in Raw Peanuts and Peanut-Based Products Along the Supply Chain.
Diversity of Tilletiopsis-Like Fungi in Exobasidiomycetes (Ustilaginomycotina) and Description of Six Novel Species.
"Ground-Truthing" Efficacy of Biological Control for Aflatoxin Mitigation in Farmers \'  Fields in Nigeria: From Field Trials to Commercial Usage, a 10-Year Study.
Talaromycosis-Associated Secondary Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis in Nine Human Immunodeficiency Virus-Negative Patients: A Multicenter Retrospective Study.
Maxillary mucormycosis causing oroantral fistula in a young female.
Quinazoline-Containing Indole Alkaloids from the Marine-Derived Fungus Aspergillus sp. HNMF114.
An opportunity to breed rice for improved benefits from the arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis?
ELLSA based profiling of surface glycosylation in microorganisms reveals that ss-glucan rich yeasts \'  surfaces are selectively recognized with recombinant banana lectin.
Relationship between heat treatment on structural properties and antitumor activity of the cold-water soluble polysaccharides from Grifola frondosa.
Microbial contamination in assisted reproductive technology: source, prevalence, and cost.
Growth-promoting bacteria and arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi differentially benefit tomato and corn depending upon the supplied form of phosphorus.
Bryophytes and the symbiotic microorganisms, the pioneers of vegetation restoration in karst rocky desertification areas in southwestern China.
QTL mapping of resistance to Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. niveum race 2 and Papaya ringspot virus in Citrullus amarus.
Orbital mycoses in an adult subtropical population.
Differential Proteome Analysis of Hybrid Bamboo (Bambusa pervariabilis x Dendrocalamopsis grandis) Under Fungal Stress (Arthrinium phaeospermum).
Integrative Activity of Mating Loci, Environmentally Responsive Genes, and Secondary Metabolism Pathways during Sexual Development of Chaetomium globosum.
A Mechanosensitive Channel Governs Lipid Flippase-Mediated Echinocandin Resistance in Cryptococcus neoformans.
Copper stress in flooded soil: Impact on enzyme activities, microbial community composition and diversity in the rhizosphere of Salix integra.
A personalized computational model of edema formation in myocarditis based on long-axis biventricular MRI images.
Diversity and bioactivities of fungal endophytes from Distylium chinense, a rare waterlogging tolerant plant endemic to the Three Gorges Reservoir.
Plant-soil-foliage feedbacks on seed germination and seedling growth of the invasive plant Ageratina adenophora.
A pH-neutralization, redox-balanced process with coupled formate dehydrogenase and glucose dehydrogenase supports efficient xylitol production in pure water.
Evolution of late steps in exocytosis: conservation, specialization.
Functional characterization of potential PGPR exhibiting broad-spectrum antifungal activity.
Developing a tetO/TetR system in Neurospora crassa.
Spatio-temporal formation of the genetic diversity in the Mediterranean dwelling lichen during the Neogene and Quaternary epochs.
Inhibitor of apoptosis-1 gene as a potential target for pest control and its involvement in immune regulation during fungal infection.
Spatial and temporal dynamics of Mal Secco disease spread in lemon orchards in Israel.
Multiyear Regional Evaluation of Foliar Fungicide Applications for Cotton Target Spot Management in the Southeastern United States.
Distribution of the Infection Time of Ascospores of Venturia inaequalis.
Candida Albicans Alcohol Dehydrogenase 1 gene in oral dysplasia and oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Temperature-mediated shifts in salamander transcriptomic responses to the amphibian-killing fungus.
The interaction between Sporothrix schenckii sensu stricto and Sporothrix brasiliensis with Acanthamoeba castellanii.
Comparison of in vitro activities of 11 antifungal agents against Trichophyton verrucosum isolates associated with a variety hosts and geographic origin.
Anthraquinone from Edible Fungi Pleurotus ostreatus Protects Human SH-SY5Y Neuroblastoma Cells Against 6-Hydroxydopamine-Induced Cell Death-Preclinical Validation of Gene Knockout Possibilities of PARK7, PINK1, and SNCA1 Using CRISPR SpCas9.
Substrate sterilization with thiophanate-methyl and its biodegradation to carbendazim in oyster mushroom (Pleurotus ostreatus var. florida).
Selenite removal from wastewater using fungal pelleted airlift bioreactor.
Soil enzyme response to bisphenol F contamination in the soil bioaugmented using bacterial and mould fungal consortium.
The Many Roads To (and From) Multicellularity.
Pathogenicity and Transgenerational Effects of Metarhizium anisopliae on the Demographic Parameters of Aedes albopictus (Culicidae: Diptera).
MALDI-TOF MS for the rapid identification and drug susceptibility testing of filamentous fungi.
Incidence, Bacterial Profiles, And Antimicrobial Resistance Of Culture-Proven Neonatal Sepsis In South China.
Multiresistant Fusarium Pathogens on Plants and Humans: Solutions in (from) the Antifungal Pipeline?
Relationship Between Structure And Antimicrobial Activity Of Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles: An Overview.
Biofabrication And Antitumor Activity Of Silver Nanoparticles Utilizing Novel Nostoc sp. Bahar M.
Antifungal potential of secondary metabolites involved in the interaction between citrus pathogens.
Genome investigations show host adaptation and transmission of LA-MRSA CC398 from pigs into Danish healthcare institutions.
Oxidation and alkylation stresses activate ribosome-quality control.
Emergence of collective oscillations in adaptive cells.
Cataloguing of blast resistance genes in landraces and breeding lines of rice from India.
The Arabidopsis AtGCD3 protein is a glucosylceramidase that preferentially hydrolyzes long-acyl-chain glucosylceramides.
The gamma-tubulin complex protein GCP6 is crucial for spindle morphogenesis but not essential for microtubule reorganization in Arabidopsis.
A Novel Site-Specific Integration System for Genetic Modification of Aspergillus flavus.
Fosmanogepix (APX001) is Effective in the Treatment of Immunocompromised Mice Infected with Invasive Pulmonary Scedosporiosis or Disseminated Fusariosis.
Responses of microbial communities to a gradient of pig manure amendment in red paddy soils.
Unravelling photoprotection in microbial natural products.
Toxic Effects of Paclobutrazol on Developing Organs at Different Exposure Times in Zebrafish.
Improved Drought Tolerance by AMF Inoculation in Maize (Zea mays) Involves Physiological and Biochemical Implications.
Solvent-Free Process for the Development of Photocatalytic Membranes.
The Fungal Cell Death Regulator czt-1 Is Allelic to acr-3.
Microbicidal Dispersions and Coatings from Hybrid Nanoparticles of Poly (Methyl Methacrylate), Poly (Diallyl Dimethyl Ammonium) Chloride, Lipids, and Surfactants.
The Induction and Roles Played by Phi Thickenings in Orchid Roots.
Cytotoxic Polyketides Isolated from the Deep-Sea-Derived Fungus Penicillium chrysogenum MCCC 3A00292.
The Study of the Sterilization of the Indoor Air in Hospital/Clinic Rooms by Using the Electron Wind Generator.
A Review of Interactions between Insect Biological Control Agents and Semiochemicals.
Secondary Metabolites of The Endophytic Fungus Alternaria alternata JS0515 Isolated from Vitex rotundifolia and Their Effects on Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Activity.
Pleurotus Ostreatus and Volvariella Volvacea Can Enhance the Quality of Purple Field Corn Stover and Modulate Ruminal Fermentation and Feed Utilization in Tropical Beef Cattle.
Critical Assessment of Streptomyces spp. Able to Control Toxigenic Fusaria in Cereals: A Literature and Patent Review.
(R)-2-Phenyl-4,5-Dihydrothiazole-4-Carboxamide Derivatives Containing a Diacylhydrazine Group: Synthesis, Biological Evaluation, and SARs.
The Non-Simultaneous Enhancement of Phosphorus Acquisition and Mobilization Respond to Enhanced Arbuscular Mycorrhization on Maize (Zea mays L.).
Morphology and Multi-Gene Phylogeny Reveal Pestalotiopsis pinicola sp. nov. and a New Host Record of Cladosporium anthropophilum from Edible Pine (Pinus armandii) Seeds in Yunnan Province, China.
Chrysoviruses Inhabited Symbiotic Fungi of Lichens.
Serial Detection of Circulating Mucorales DNA in Invasive Mucormycosis: A Retrospective Multicenter Evaluation.
The Effect of Hydroxamic Siderophores Structure on Acetylation of Histone H3 and Alpha Tubulin in Pinus sylvestris Root Cells.
Asthma Case Cluster during Renovation of a Water-Damaged and Toxic Building.
Disclosure of the Molecular Mechanism of Wheat Leaf Spot Disease Caused by Bipolaris sorokiniana through Comparative Transcriptome and Metabolomics Analysis.
Dual RNA Sequencing of Vitis vinifera during Lasiodiplodia theobromae Infection Unveils Host-Pathogen Interactions.
Inhibition of biofilm- and hyphal- development, two virulent features of Candida albicans by secondary metabolites of an endophytic fungus Alternaria tenuissima having broad spectrum antifungal potential.
CLR1 and CLR2 are light dependent regulators of xylanase and pectinase genes in Trichoderma reesei.
Identification of a Potent Enzyme for the Detoxification of Zearalenone.
8-Hydroxyquinoline-5-sulfonamides are promising antifungal candidates for the topical treatment of dermatomycosis.
Defects in the GINS complex increase the instability of repetitive sequences via a recombination-dependent mechanism.
Fungi in archives, libraries, and museums: a review on paper conservation and human health.
Antifungal Halogenated Cyclopentenones from the Endophytic Fungus Saccharicola bicolor of Bergenia purpurascens by One Strain-Many Compounds Strategy.
Paraconiothins A-J: Sesquiterpenoids from the Endophytic Fungus Paraconiothyrium brasiliense ECN258.
Genomics-driven Discovery of Phytotoxic Cytochalasans involved in the Virulence of the Wheat Pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum.
The ORF2 protein of Fusarium graminearum virus 1 suppresses the transcription of FgDICER2 and FgAGO1 to limit host antiviral defences.
Colletoindole A from the mangrove plant endophytic fungus Colletotrichum tropicale SCSIO 41022.
Study on the efficiency of dsRNAs with increasing length in RNA-based silencing of the Fusarium CYP51 genes.
MoFap7, a ribosome assembly factor, is required for fungal development and plant colonization of Magnaporthe oryzae.
Genome-Wide Evolution of Wobble Base-Pairing Nucleotides of Branchpoint Motifs with Increasing Organismal Complexity.
[Characterization of Au-Ag nanoparticles biosynthesized by fungus Mariannaea sp. HJ].
In vitro assessment of antibacterial, antifungal, enzyme inhibition and hemolytic activities of various fractions of Rhynchosia pseudo-cajan.
Miniemulsion in biocatalysis, a new approach employing a solid reagent and an easy protocol for product isolation applied to the aldol reaction by Rhizopus niveus lipase.
T Cell Antifungal Immunity and the Role of C-Type Lectin Receptors.
The Disease Ecology, Epidemiology, Clinical Manifestations, and Management of Emerging Cryptococcus gattii Complex Infections.
Sirtuin SirD is involved in alpha-amylase activity and citric acid production in Aspergillus luchuensis mut. kawachii during a solid-state fermentation process.
LCO Receptors Involved in Arbuscular Mycorrhiza Are Functional for Rhizobia Perception in Legumes.
Activity of chitosan antifungal denture adhesive against common Candida species and Candida albicans adherence on denture base acrylic resin.
Wheat TaLr35PR2 gene is required for Lr35-mediated adult plant resistance against leaf rust fungus.
An outbreak of monophasic Salmonella Typhimurium associated with raw pork sausage and other pork products, Denmark 2018-19.
Dimeric glycosylated flavan-3-ol and antimicrobial in vitro evaluation of Trichilia catigua extracts.
Application of metagenomic next-generation sequencing for bronchoalveolar lavage diagnostics in critically ill patients.
Azaphilones with protein tyrosine phosphatase inhibitory activity isolated from the fungus Aspergillus deflectus.
Heavy metal tolerance of orchid populations growing on abandoned mine tailings: A case study in Sardinia Island (Italy).
Antifungal activity of different molecular weight chitosans against planktonic cells and biofilm of Sporothrix brasiliensis.
Characteristics of microbial eukaryotic community recovery in eutrophic water by using ecological floating beds.
Synthesis of novel 2-aminobenzothiazole derivatives as potential antimicrobial agents with dual DNA gyrase/topoisomerase IV inhibition.
Investigation of direct and indirect transfer of microbiomes between individuals.
Dr. NO and Mr. Toxic - the versatile role of nitric oxide.
The Nuclear RNA Exosome and Its Cofactors.
Talaromycosis (Penicilliosis) Due to Talaromyces (Penicillium) marneffei: Insights into the Clinical Trends of a Major Fungal Disease 60 Years After the Discovery of the Pathogen.
Land use change effects on diversity of soil bacterial, Acidobacterial and fungal communities in wetlands of the Sanjiang Plain, northeastern China.
Tracing the mass flow from glucose and phenylalanine to pinoresinol and its glycosides in Phomopsis sp. XP-8 using stable isotope assisted TOF-MS.
Reference gene screening of Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis and Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans for quantitative real-time PCR studies.
Chromosome-associated RNA-protein complexes promote pairing of homologous chromosomes during meiosis in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Mitochondrial dysfunctions trigger the calcium signaling-dependent fungal multidrug resistance.
Horizontal Transfer and Gene Loss Shaped the Evolution of Alpha-Amylases in Bilaterians.
Tyrosinase inhibitors as potential antibacterial agents.
Artificial light at night alter the impact of arsenic on microbial decomposers and leaf litter decomposition in streams.
Toxicity of nanodiamonds to white rot fungi Phanerochaete chrysosporium through oxidative stress.
Use of Competitive Filamentous Fungi as an Alternative Approach for Mycotoxin Risk Reduction in Staple Cereals: State of Art and Future Perspectives.
In-vitro Application of a Qatari Burkholderia cepacia strain (QBC03) in the Biocontrol of Mycotoxigenic Fungi and in the Reduction of Ochratoxin A biosynthesis by Aspergillus carbonarius.
FAD/NADH Dependent Oxidoreductases: From Different Amino Acid Sequences to Similar Protein Shapes for Playing an Ancient Function.
DFT analysis, spectroscopic study and biological activity of a newly synthesized benzoylhydrazone binuclear Cu(II) complex.
Short-term application of mulch, roundup and organic herbicides did not affect soil microbial biomass or bacterial and fungal diversity.
Eco-friendly, economic fungal universal medium from watermelon peel waste.
Updating the application of Metarhizium anisopliae to control cattle tick Rhipicephalus microplus (Acari: Ixodidae).
Susceptibility patterns in Neisseria gonorrhoeae in Nuuk, Greenland, 2015-2018: a short communication.
Pleosporalins H and I, two new heptaketides from the endophytic fungus Pleosporales sp. F46 by using OSMAC strategy.
A novel genetic circuitry governing hypoxic metabolic flexibility, commensalism and virulence in the fungal pathogen Candida albicans.
Physiological Response of Cape Gooseberry Seedlings to Three Biological Control Agents Under Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. physali Infection.
Endophytic Bacillus velezensis strain B-36 is a potential biocontrol agent against lotus rot caused by Fusarium oxysporum.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi are a double-edged sword in plant invasion controlled by phosphorus concentration.
The counter defence system of antioxidants in Coelomycetous emerging human and plant pathogenic fungus Macrophomina phaseolina against copper toxicity.
Mitochondrial Control of Fungal Cell Walls: Models and Relevance in Fungal Pathogens.
Glucanases and Chitinases.
Dermoscopy in the Evaluation of Pityriasis Versicolor: A Cross Sectional Study.
Skeletocutins M-Q: biologically active compounds from the fruiting bodies of the basidiomycete Skeletocutis sp. collected in Africa.
Nanangenines: drimane sesquiterpenoids as the dominant metabolite cohort of a novel Australian fungus, Aspergillus nanangensis.
Transcriptomic analysis of field-droughted sorghum from seedling to maturity reveals biotic and metabolic responses.
Draft Genome Sequence of Aspergillus terreus High-Itaconic-Acid-Productivity Mutant TN-484.
Metallopeptidase Stp1 activates the transcription factor Sre1 in the carotenogenic yeast Xanthophyllomyces dendrorhous.
Copper-only superoxide dismutase enzymes and iron starvation stress in Candida fungal pathogens.
Natural product biosynthesis:  What \' s next?  An introduction to the JBC Reviews Thematic Series.
Biodegradation and toxicity reduction of nonylphenol, 4-tert-octylphenol and 2,4-dichlorophenol by the ascomycetous fungus Thielavia sp HJ22: Identification of fungal metabolites and proposal of a putative pathway.
Anti-HIV-1 protease activity of the crude extracts and isolated compounds from Auricularia polytricha.
A case report of Talaromyces marneffei Oro-pharyngo-laryngitis: a rare manifestation of Talaromycosis.
Functional analysis of CfSnf1 in the development and pathogenicity of anthracnose fungus Colletotrichum fructicola on tea-oil tree.
Oral Microbiota Composition and Antimicrobial Antibody Response in Patients with Recurrent Aphthous Stomatitis.
Antimicrobial Biophotonic Treatment of Ampicillin-Resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa with Hypericin and Ampicillin Cotreatment Followed by Orange Light.
Fork pausing complex engages topoisomerases at the replisome.
Set1/COMPASS repels heterochromatin invasion at euchromatic sites by disrupting Suv39/Clr4 activity and nucleosome stability.
Ecotoxicological effects of anthropogenic stressors in subterranean organisms: A review.
Impact of natural products on the cholesterol transporter ABCA1.
Benzoquinone synthesis-related genes of Tribolium castaneum confer the robust antifungal host defense to the adult beetles through the inhibition of conidial germination on the body surface.
The IL-17R/IL-22R signaling axis is dispensable for vulvovaginal candidiasis regardless of estrogen status.
Occurrence and Extent of Boscalid Resistance in Populations of Alternaria alternata from California Pistachio Orchards.
Genome Resource for Barley Leaf Stripe Pathogen Pyrenophora graminea.
Race and Virulence Analysis of Puccinia triticina in China in 2014 and 2015.
Temporins: An Approach of Potential Pharmaceutic Candidates.
Characterization and antifungal activity of a plant peptide expressed in the interaction between Capsicum annuum fruits and the anthracnose fungus.
A novel recombinant javanicin with dual antifungal and anti-proliferative activities.
An effector protein of the wheat stripe rust fungus targets chloroplasts and suppresses chloroplast function.
Improved production of two anti-Candida lipopeptide homologues co-produced by the wild-type Bacillus subtilis RLID 12.1 under optimized conditions.
Evolution of an Eleusine-Specific Subgroup of Pyricularia oryzae Through a Gain of an Avirulence Gene.
Can marine-derived fungus Neosartorya siamensis KUFA 0017 extract and its secondary metabolites enhance antitumor activity of doxorubicin? An in vitro survey unveils interactions against lung cancer cells.
Potential authentication of various meat-based products using simple and efficient DNA extraction method.
Resisting resistance: gearing up for war.
A Role for Yeast/Pseudohyphal Cells of Candida albicans in the Correlated Expression of NLRP3 Inflammasome Inducers in Women With Acute Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.
Monitoring Aspergillus flavus Genotypes in a Multi-Genotype Aflatoxin Biocontrol Product With Quantitative Pyrosequencing.
Comprehensive analysis of the Alternaria mycobolome using mass spectrometry based metabolomics.
Conditional gene expression reveals stage-specific functions of the unfolded protein response in the Ustilago maydis-maize pathosystem.
The phosphatase Ptc6 is involved in virulence and MAPK signalling in Fusarium oxysporum.
Current Research and New Perspectives in Antifungal Drug Development.
Mitochondrial Citrate Transport System in the Fungus Mucor circinelloides: Identification, Phylogenetic Analysis, and Expression Profiling During Growth and Lipid Accumulation.
Variation in the Slimy Salamander (Plethodon spp.) Skin and Gut-Microbial Assemblages Is Explained by Geographic Distance and Host Affinity.
Atrorosins: a new subgroup of Monascus pigments from Talaromyces atroroseus.
Moulds on cementitious building materials-problems, prevention and future perspectives.
The Unexplored World of Human Virome, Mycobiome, and Archaeome in Aging.
Efficient nonenzymatic cyclization and domain shuffling drive pyrrolopyrazine diversity from truncated variants of a fungal NRPS.
Fungal aerobiota are not affected by time nor environment over a 13-y time series at the Mauna Loa Observatory.
[Preparation and antitumor activity of sulfated exopolysaccharide from Rhizopus nigricans].
Viruses Infecting the Plant Pathogenic Fungus Rhizoctonia solani.
Impact of the Cultivation Technique on the Production of Secondary Metabolites by Chrysosporium lobatum TM-237-S5, Isolated from the Sponge Acanthella cavernosa.
Evaluating the Sensitivities and Efficacies of Fungicides with Different Modes of Action Against Phomopsis asparagi.
Dominant yeasts associated to mango (Mangifera indica) and rose apple (Syzygium malaccense) fruit pulps investigated by culture-based methods.
Microbiological Indicators of Soil Quality Under Native Forests are Influenced by Topographic Factors.
The endophytic fungus Albifimbria verrucaria from wild grape as an antagonist of Botrytis cinerea and other grape pathogens.
Progress on molecular genetics and manipulation of rust fungi.
Multi-trait Pseudomonas spp. isolated from monocropped wheat (Triticum aestivum L). suppress Fusarium root and crown rot.
Paralogous CYP51s of Colletotrichum spp. Mediate Differential Sensitivity to Sterol Demethylation Inhibitors.
Polypropionate Derivatives with Mycobacterium tuberculosis Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase B Inhibitory Activities from the Deep-Sea-Derived Fungus Aspergillus fischeri FS452.
Data on the inhibitory effect of endophytic fungi of traditional medicinal plants against pancreatic lipase (PL).
Transcriptomic and chemogenomic analyses unveil the essential role of Com2-regulon in response and tolerance of Saccharomyces cerevisiae to stress induced by sulfur dioxide.
Tinea Capitis in Campania: A 5-Year Retrospective Study in Childhood and Adolescence (2013-2018).
Neutrophils in Nail Clipping Histology: A Retrospective Review of 112 Cases.
Hyper-production of taxol from Aspergillus fumigatus, an endophytic fungus isolated from Taxus sp. of the Northern Himalayan region.
Heterologous expression and functional characterization of a GH10 endoxylanase from Aspergillus fumigatus var. niveus with potential biotechnological application.
Necrotizing fasciitis caused by Apophysomyces variabilis in a burn patient.
Genomic and proteomic biases inform metabolic engineering strategies for anaerobic fungi.
Aflatoxin exposure in children age 6-12 years: a study protocol of a randomized comparative cross-sectional study in Kenya, East Africa.
Interaction between arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and Bacillus spp. in soil enhancing growth of crop plants.
Efficacy of Pterocarpus angolensis crude extracts against Candida krusei, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus agalactiae and Escherichia coli.
Macrophage Coordination of the Interferon Lambda Immune Response.
Norovirus Changes Susceptibility to Type 1 Diabetes by Altering Intestinal Microbiota and Immune Cell Functions.
FolVps9, a Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factor for FolVps21, Is Essential for Fungal Development and Pathogenicity in Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. lycopersici.
Biogeographic Patterns of Ectomycorrhizal Fungal Communities Associated With Castanopsis sieboldii Across the Japanese Archipelago.
Exogenous Nitric Oxide and Phosphorus Stress Affect the Mycorrhization, Plant Growth, and Associated Microbes of Carya illinoinensis Seedlings Colonized by Tuber indicum.
Brain Microbiota in Huntington \' s Disease Patients.
Proteome-Wide Identification of Lysine Propionylation in the Conidial and Mycelial Stages of Trichophyton rubrum.
The genus Simplicillium.
Identification of QTL for Target Leaf Spot resistance in Sorghum bicolor and investigation of relationships between disease resistance and variation in the MAMP response.
Synthetic chimeric nucleases function for efficient genome editing.
Comparative metabolomics implicates threitol as a fungal signal supporting colonization of Armillaria luteobubalina on eucalypt roots.
Optimization of protein isolation by proteomic qualification from Cutaneotrichosporon oleaginosus.
Rain-Fed Granite Rock Basins Accumulate a High Diversity of Dormant Microbial Eukaryotes.
Silicon confers protective effect against ginseng root rot by regulating sugar efflux into apoplast.
Agastache honey has superior antifungal activity in comparison with important commercial honeys.
Mn oxide formation by phototrophs: Spatial and temporal patterns, with evidence of an enzymatic superoxide-mediated pathway.
Developmentally Regulated Oscillations in the Expression of UV Repair Genes in a Soilborne Plant Pathogen Dictate UV Repair Efficiency and Survival.
Fluconazole Monotherapy Is a Suboptimal Option for Initial Treatment of Cryptococcal Meningitis Because of Emergence of Resistance.
Galactomannan as a Potential Modulator of Intestinal Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury.
Identifying gene-specific subgroups: an alternative to biclustering.
Characterization of the Barley Net Blotch Pathosystem at the Center of Origin of Host and Pathogen.
Molecular Diagnostics of Mucormycosis in Hematological Patients: A Literature Review.
The Transcriptional Profile of Trichophyton rubrum Co-Cultured with Human Keratinocytes Shows New Insights about Gene Modulation by Terbinafine.
Antimicrobial Activity of Silver Containing Crosslinked Poly(Acrylic Acid) Fibers.
Triterpenes and Aromatic Meroterpenoids with Antioxidant Activity and Neuroprotective Effects from Ganoderma lucidum.
Candida auris: A Review of Recommendations for Detection and Control in Healthcare Settings.
Carotenoids in Cereal Food Crops: Composition and Retention throughout Grain Storage and Food Processing.
Antimicrobial Activity of Quinoline-Based Hydroxyimidazolium Hybrids.
Variation of the CD4, CD8, and MHC II cell population in granulomas of immunocompetent and immunosuppressed rabbits in Encephalitozoon cuniculi infection.
Two C-type lectins (ReCTL-1, ReCTL-2) from Rimicaris exoculata display broad nonself recognition spectrum with novel carbohydrate binding specificity.
Candida coinfection among patients with pulmonary tuberculosis in Asia and Africa; A systematic review and meta-analysis of cross-sectional studies.
Anti-proliferation activities of Oryza sativa L. anthocyanins-Hohenbuehelia serotina polysaccharides complex after in vitro gastrointestinal digestion.
The Rhynie chert.
Vinblastine production by the endophytic fungus Curvularia verruculosa and their in vitro cytotoxicity.
Metalloid and metal oxide nanoparticles suppress Sudden Death Syndrome of soybean.
Availability and Nature of Commercial Tick Control Services in Three Lyme Disease Endemic States.
Influence of carbon source complexity on porosity, water retention and extracellular matrix composition of Neurospora discreta biofilms.
MAIT Cell Activation by Fungal Pathogens.
Discovery and Expression of Thermostable LPMOs from Thermophilic Fungi for Producing Efficient Lignocellulolytic Enzyme Cocktails.
Synthesis and molecular docking studies of novel pyrimidine derivatives as potential antibacterial agents.
Nucleic acids enrichment of fungal pathogens to study host-pathogen interactions.
Structural genomics applied to the rust fungus Melampsora larici-populina reveals two candidate effector proteins adopting cystine knot and NTF2-like protein folds.
Succession in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi can be attributed to a chronosequence of Cunninghamia lanceolata.
Long-Read Genome Sequence of the Sugar Beet Rhizosphere Mycoparasite Pythium oligandrum.
New Triazole NT-a9 has Potent Antifungal Efficacy against Cryptococcus neoformans In Vitro and In Vivo.
A new approach for identifying antagonism among fungi species and antifungal activity.
Global negative effects of livestock grazing on arbuscular mycorrhizas: A meta-analysis.
Cyclic and safety utilisation of Cu polluted biogas residue in saline-alkali soil.
Seasonal changes in indoor airborne fungal concentration in a hematology ward.
The mycelium of the Trametes versicolor (Turkey tail) mushroom and its fermented substrate each show potent and complementary immune activating properties in vitro.
Electrocoagulation and electrooxidation pre-treatment effect on fungal treatment of pistachio processing wastewater.
TIM barrel fold and glycan moieties in the structure of ICChI, a protein with chitinase and lysozyme activity.
Inactivation of molds on the surface of wheat sprouts by chlorophyllin-chitosan coating in the presence of visible LED-based light.
Comparative transcriptomic analysis provides insights into immune responses of lamprey larvae under three pathogens infections.
Oropharyngeal microbiome of an HIV-positive patient.
Opportunistic infections in pediatrics: when to suspect and how to approach.
Calonectria pentaseptata Causes Severe Leaf Disease of Cultivated Eucalyptus on the Leizhou Peninsula of Southern China.
Identification and Characterization of Colletotrichum Species Associated with Anthracnose Disease of Camellia oleifera in China.
The Atoxigenic Biocontrol Product Aflasafe SN01 Is a Valuable Tool to Mitigate Aflatoxin Contamination of Both Maize and Groundnut Cultivated in Senegal.
Confined Red Phosphorus in Edible Fungus Slag-Derived Porous Carbon as an Improved Anode Material in Sodium-Ion Batteries.
A mutant form of Dmc1 that bypasses the requirement for accessory protein Mei5-Sae3 reveals independent activities of Mei5-Sae3 and Rad51 in Dmc1 filament stability.
Genome editing of a DON-induced transcription factor confers resistance to Fusarium graminearum in wheat.
Two new sterol derivatives isolated from the endophytic fungus Aspergillus tubingensis YP-2.
Changes in structure and function of bacterial and fungal communities in open composting of Chinese herb residues.
Herbicidal Polyketides and Diketopiperazine Derivatives from Penicillium viridicatum.
Gibberellin Promotes Fungal Entry and Colonization during Paris-type Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Symbiosis in Eustoma grandiflorum.
A lipase-responsive antifungal nanoplatform for synergistic photodynamic/photothermal/pharmaco-therapy of azole-resistant Candida albicans infections.
Cycling in synchrony.
Deep cutaneous ulcers and sinus formation in an immunocompetent adult.
Biocorona-induced modifications in engineered nanomaterial-cellular interactions impacting biomedical applications.
One-Stage Arthroplasty or Revision for Seronegative Infections in Hip and Knee.
Synthesis, cytotoxicity and antimicrobial evaluation of new coumarin-tagged beta-lactam triazole hybrid.
Structure and ecological function of the soil microbiome affecting plant-soil feedbacks in the presence of a soil-borne pathogen.
Biodegradable Drug-Delivery Peptide Nanocapsules.
Invasive fungal wound infection in an otherwise healthy trauma patient (Mucor Trauma).
Evaluation of anti-tumour properties of two depsidones - Unguinol and Aspergillusidone D - in triple-negative MDA-MB-231 breast tumour cells.
Introducing a new tool to navigate, understand and use International Codes of Nomenclature.
Metabolically similar cohorts of bacteria exhibit strong cooccurrence patterns with diet items and eukaryotic microbes in lizard guts.
Inferring the Origin of Cultivated Zizania latifolia, an Aquatic Vegetable of a Plant-Fungus Complex in the Yangtze River Basin.
Collaborative Annotation Redefines Gene Sets for Crucial Phytopathogens.
Comparison in Quantities from Including Angles Comprising Lines of Hypha Themselves in Histological Images between Mucorales and Aspergillus.
Synthesis, in-Vitro Cytotoxicity and Antimicrobial Evaluations of Some Novel Thiazole Based Heterocycles.
Semisynthesis and biological evaluation of some novel Mannich base derivatives derived from a natural lignan obovatol as potential antifungal agents.
Variations of soil microbial communities accompanied by different vegetation restoration in an open-cut iron mining area.
Sulfate fertilization supports growth of ryegrass in soil columns but changes microbial community structures and reduces abundances of nematodes and arbuscular mycorrhiza.
Fungistatic effect of agrochemical and pharmaceutical fungicides on non-target aquatic decomposers does not translate into decreased fungi- or invertebrate-mediated decomposition.
Shrub facilitation promotes selective tree establishment beyond the climatic treeline.
Temporal-spatial variations of fungal composition in PM2.5 and source tracking of airborne fungi in mountainous and urban regions.
Proteomic responses to silver nanoparticles vary with the fungal ecotype.
Multimodal deep representation learning for protein interaction identification and protein family classification.
High-level expression of highly active and thermostable trehalase from Myceliophthora thermophila in Aspergillus niger by using the CRISPR/Cas9 tool and its application in ethanol fermentation.
Impact of Spray-Drying on Biological Properties of Chitosan Matrices Supplemented with Antioxidant Fungal Extracts for Wine Applications.
Symbiotic bacteria of plant-associated fungi: friends or foes?
Highly oxygenated polyketides produced by Trichoderma koningiopsis QA-3, an endophytic fungus obtained from the fresh roots of the medicinal plant Artemisia argyi.
Competitive yeast action against Aspergillus carbonarius growth and ochratoxin A production.
Exploring the TTC approach as a basis for risk management: The example of emerging Alternaria mycotoxins.
On the mechanism of calcium-dependent activation of NADPH oxidase 5 (NOX5).
First report of the oil palm disease fungus Marasmius palmivorus from Taiwan causing stem rot disease on native Formosa palm Arenga engleri as new host.
Novel positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus related to alphavirus-like viruses from Fusarium graminearum.
Optimization of high endoglucanase yields production from polypore fungus, Microporus xanthopus strain KA038 under solid-state fermentation using green tea waste.
Evaluation of white rot fungi pretreatment of mushroom residues for volatile fatty acid production by anaerobic fermentation: Feedstock applicability and fungal function.
Multistarter fermentation of glutinous rice with Fu brick tea: Effects on microbial, chemical, and volatile compositions.
Metagenomics of Atacama Lithobiontic Extremophile Life Unveils Highlights on Fungal Communities, Biogeochemical Cycles and Carbohydrate-Active Enzymes.
Crystal Structure of a GH3 beta-Glucosidase from the Thermophilic Fungus Chaetomium thermophilum.
Adipokinetic hormone promotes infection with entomopathogenic fungus Isaria fumosorosea in the cockroach Periplaneta americana.
Real-time PCR assays for the quantification of native yeast DNA in grape berry and fermentation extracts.
Aflatoxins from the endophytic fungus Aspergillus sp. Y-2 isolated from the critically endangered conifer Abies beshanzuensis.
Chromone and isocoumarin derivatives from the endophytic fungus Xylomelasma sp. Samif07, and their antibacterial and antioxidant activities.
Antimicrobial bisabolane-type sesquiterpenoids from the deep-sea sediment-derived fungus Aspergillus versicolor SD-330.
Phenolic Compound Biotransformation by Trametes versicolor ATCC 200801 and Molecular Docking Studies.
Outbreak-Causing Fungi: Pneumocystis jirovecii.
The Impact of Ambient Environmental Exposures to Microbial Products on Asthma Outcomes from Birth to Childhood.
Impact of the Environment upon the Candida albicans Cell Wall and Resultant Effects upon Immune Surveillance.
Clinicopathologic characteristics of paranasal sinus fungus ball: retrospective, multicenter study in Korea.
Biorecovery of cobalt and nickel using biomass-free culture supernatants from Aspergillus niger.
Factors determining microbial colonization of liquid nitrogen storage tanks used for archiving biological samples.
Co-cultivation With 5-Azacytidine Induced New Metabolites From the Zoanthid-Derived Fungus Cochliobolus lunatus.
Management of an Extremely Low Birth Weight Infant with Bilateral Renal Obstruction Caused by Candida albicans Fungus Balls.
Seed Coating: A Tool for Delivering Beneficial Microbes to Agricultural Crops.
Aspergillus flavus and Fusarium verticillioides Interaction: Modeling the Impact on Mycotoxin Production.
Funneliformis mosseae Enhances Root Development and Pb Phytostabilization in Robinia pseudoacacia in Pb-Contaminated Soil.
Root-Colonizing Endophytic Fungi of the Dominant Grass Stipa krylovii From a Mongolian Steppe Grassland.
Microbiome Response to Hot Water Treatment and Potential Synergy With Biological Control on Stored Apples.
Chromoblastomycosis caused by Rhinocladiella aquaspersa: first case report in Guatemala.
Terrestrial-derived soil protein in coastal water: metal sequestration mechanism and ecological function.
Plant and soil traits driving soil fungal community due to tree plantation on the Loess Plateau.
Increased phenylalanine levels in plant leaves reduces susceptibility to Botrytis cinerea.
Identification and Characterization of Aspergillus nidulans Mutants Impaired in Asexual Development under Phosphate Stress.
Biosynthesis of Isoprene Units in Euphorbia lathyris Laticifers vs. Other Tissues: MVA and MEP Pathways, Compartmentation and Putative Endophytic Fungi Contribution.
Toxicity, Pharmacokinetics, and Gut Microbiome of Oral Administration of Sesterterpene MHO7 Derived from a Marine Fungus.
Synthesis, Antimicrobial, and Anti-Proliferative Activities of Novel 4-(Adamantan-1-yl)-1-arylidene-3-thiosemicarbazides, 4-Arylmethyl N \' -(Adamantan-1-yl)piperidine-1-carbothioimidates, and Related Derivatives.
Occurrence and Properties of Thiosilvatins.
Polyphasic Assessment of Aflatoxin Production Potential in Selected Aspergilli.
A semi-automated protocol for NGS metabarcoding and fungal analysis in forensic.
Bioremediation of landfill leachate by Aspergillus flavus in submerged culture: Evaluation of the process efficiency by physicochemical methods and 3D fluorescence spectroscopy.
Mixtures of aromatic compounds induce ligninolytic gene expression in the wood-rotting fungus Dichomitus squalens.
Soil fungal assemblage complexity is dependent on soil fertility and dominated by deterministic processes.
Ganoderma lucidum, a promising agent possessing antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects for treating calvarial defects with graft application in rats.
Natural product-based fungicides discovery: Design, synthesis and antifungal activities of some sarisan analogues containing 1, 3, 4-oxadiazole moieties.
Isolation of Natural Fungal Pathogens from Marchantia polymorpha Reveals Antagonism between Salicylic Acid and Jasmonate during Liverwort-Fungus Interactions.
Novel intermicrobial molecular interaction: Pseudomonas aeruginosa Quinolone Signal (PQS) modulates Aspergillus fumigatus response to iron.
In vitro assessment of inter-kingdom biofilm formation by bacteria and filamentous fungi isolated from a drinking water distribution system.
Insights from invasion ecology: Can consideration of eco-evolutionary experience promote benefits from root mutualisms in plant production?
Synthesis of pyripyropene derivatives and their pest-control efficacy.
Field sampling of indoor bioaerosols.
Isolation of Malassezia spp. in HIV-positive patients with and without seborrheic dermatitis.
Preventive and Therapeutic Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) on Skin Diseases and Care.
Anti-aging Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) with Health and Fitness.
Antioxidative and Free Radical Scavenging Activity of Ganoderma (Lingzhi).
Anti-osteoporosis Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) by Inhibition of Osteoclastogenesis.
Preventive and Therapeutic Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) on Renal Diseases and Clinical Applications.
Preventive and Therapeutic Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) on Liver Injury.
Preventive and Therapeutic Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) on Diabetes.
Protective Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) on Cardiovascular System.
Preventive and Therapeutic Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) on Brain Injury.
Neuropharmacological Effect and Clinical Applications of Ganoderma (Lingzhi).
Protective Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) on Radiation and Chemotherapy.
Cellular and Molecular Mechanism of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) Against Tumor.
Antitumor Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) Mediated by Immunological Mechanism and Its Clinical Application.
Immunomodulating Effect of Ganoderma (Lingzhi) and Possible Mechanism.
Regulation of ATG and Autophagy Initiation.
History and Current Status of Autophagy Research.
Response of growth, antioxidant enzymes and root exudates production towards As stress in Pteris vittata and in Astragalus sinicus colonized by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
Fungal and chemical diversity in hay and wrapped haylage for equine feed.
Molecular identification and antifungal susceptibility testing of Pucciniomycotina red yeast clinical isolates from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Superior cellulolytic activity of Trichoderma guizhouense on raw wheat straw.
Development of ISSR-derived SCAR Marker and SYBR Green I Real-time PCR Method for Detection of Teliospores of Tilletia laevis Kuhn.
Role of architecture of N-oxide surfactants in the design of nanoemulsions for Candida skin infection.
Clinical diversity of invasive cryptococcosis in AIDS patients from central China: report of two cases with review of literature.
Green synthesis, biological activity evaluation, and molecular docking studies of aryl alkylidene 2, 4-thiazolidinedione and rhodanine derivatives as antimicrobial agents.
Highly efficient biosynthesis of heliotropin by engineered Escherichia coli co-expressing trans-anethole oxygenase and formate dehydrogenase.
Maturation of the Goat Rumen Microbiota Involves Three Stages of Microbial Colonization.
Compatibility and Efficacy of the Parasitoid Eretmocerus hayati and the Entomopathogenic Fungus Cordyceps javanica for Biological Control of Whitefly Bemisia tabaci.
Comparative Transcriptomics of Flammulina filiformis Suggests a High CO2 Concentration Inhibits Early Pileus Expansion by Decreasing Cell Division Control Pathways.
The XVIII Congress of European Mycologists: Conference Report.
Molecular diet analysis of Anguilliformes leptocephalus larvae collected in the western North Pacific.
Novel 1,3,4-Oxadiazole-2-Carbohydrazides as Prospective Agricultural Antifungal Agents Potentially Targeting Succinate Dehydrogenase.
Synthesis and structural elucidation of a phthalide analog using NMR analysis and DFT calculations.
Plants make galls to accommodate foreigners: some are friends, most are foes.
Lysobacter enzymogenes employs diverse genes for inhibiting hyphae growth and spore germination of soybean fungal pathogens.
Dark microbial CO2 fixation in temperate forest soils increases with CO2 concentration.
Biomimetic mineralization-based CRISPR/Cas9 ribonucleoproteins nanoparticles for gene editing.
Combined effects of nitrification inhibitor and zeolite on greenhouse gas fluxes and corn growth.
Diagnosis and Treatment of Acute Invasive Fungal Sinusitis in Cancer and Transplant Patients.
The Putative Transcription Factor Gene thaB Regulates Cellulase and Xylanase Production at the Enzymatic and Transcriptional Level in the Fungus Talaromyces cellulolyticus.
Molecular detection of Cryptosporidium and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in dairy calves and sika deer in four provinces in Northern China.
Eco-restoration approach for mine spoil overburden dump through biotechnological route.
Tinea Gladiatorum and Dermatophyte Contamination Among Wrestlers and in Wrestling Halls: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
First report of Paracoccidioides brasiliensis infection in fish.
Conventional and natural compounds for the treatment of dermatophytosis.
Immunization Strategies for the Control of Histoplasmosis.
Microbiological Profile of Infectious Keratitis in a Portuguese Tertiary Centre.
A new perspective on fungal metabolites: identification of bioactive compounds from fungi using zebrafish embryogenesis as read-out.
Novel redox-active enzymes for ligninolytic applications revealed from multiomics analyses of Peniophora sp. CBMAI 1063, a laccase hyper-producer strain.
Population Structure and Genetic Diversity among Isolates of Coccidioides posadasii in Venezuela and Surrounding Regions.
Metatranscriptomic reconstruction reveals RNA viruses with the potential to shape carbon cycling in soil.
Seasonal variations of microbial assemblage in fine particulate matter from a nursery pig house.
Production of theophylline via aerobic fermentation of pu-erh tea using tea-derived fungi.
Earth \' s earliest and deepest purported fossils may be iron-mineralized chemical gardens.
The complex evolutionary history of sulfoxide synthase in ovothiol biosynthesis.
Antimicrobial Activity and Chemical Constitution of the Crude, Phenolic-Rich Extracts of Hibiscus sabdariffa, Brassica oleracea and Beta vulgaris.
Comparative Sequence Analysis of TRI1 of Fusarium.
The Burden of Fungal Infections in Ethiopia.
Complex food webs coincide with high genetic potential for chemolithoautotrophy in fractured bedrock groundwater.
Effect of aeration mode on aerosol characteristics from the same wastewater treatment plant.
Trametes versicolor immobilized on rotating biological contactors as alternative biological treatment for the removal of emerging concern micropollutants.
Enhanced expression of NLRP3 inflammasome components by monocytes of patients with pulmonary paracoccidioidomycosis is associated with smoking and intracellular hypoxemia.
Laser treatment for onychomycosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Antifungal activity of metyltetraprole against the existing QoI-resistant isolates of various plant pathogenic fungi.
Candida albicans infection disturbs redox homeostasis system and induces reactive oxygen species accumulation for epithelial cell death.
Defining the eco-enzymological role of the fungal strain Coniochaeta sp. 2T2.1 in a tripartite lignocellulolytic microbial consortium.
The Aristotle Classifier Provides Accurate Identifications of Highly Similar Bacteria Analyzed by MALDI-TOF MS.
Severity of Acute Gastrointestinal Graft-Versus-Host Disease is Associated with Incidence of Bloodstream Infection after Adult Allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation.
Risk factors and mortality in invasive Rasamsonia spp. infection: Analysis of cases in the FungiScope  registry and from the literature.
Efficiency of two arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal inocula to improve saline stress tolerance in lettuce plants by changes of antioxidant defense mechanisms.
Home economics in an oak gall: behavioural and chemical immune strategies against a fungal pathogen in Temnothorax ant nests.
[Acanthamoeba endophthalmitis-a case report].
Global identification of alternative splicing in Shiraia bambusicola and analysis of its regulation in hypocrellin biosynthesis.
The ability of farnesol to prevent adhesion and disrupt Fusarium keratoplasticum biofilm.
Oral Fungal Microbiota: To Thrush and Beyond.
Psychoactive plant- and mushroom-associated alkaloids from two behavior modifying cicada pathogens.
Fungal Bezoars Mimicking an Enterovesica Fistula: A Unique Case Report.
Characterization of the mitochondrial genome of the pathogenic fungus Scytalidium auriculariicola (Leotiomycetes) and insights into its phylogenetics.
Platelets Modulate IFN-gamma Production against Candida albicans in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells via Prostaglandins.
Aspergillus fumigatus cell wall promotes apical airway epithelial recruitment of human neutrophils.
Synergy between Cu-NPs and fungicides against Botrytis cinerea.
Ectomycorrhizal fungus-associated determinants jointly reflect ecological processes in a temperature broad-leaved mixed forest.
Gramicidin inhibits human gastric cancer cell proliferation, cell cycle and induced apoptosis.
Spotlight on avian pathology: aspergillosis.
Antifungal Susceptibly Testing by Concentration Gradient Strip Etest Method for Fungal Isolates: A Review.
Effects of Shape and Size of Cobalt Phosphate Nanoparticles against Acanthamoeba castellanii.
An Endophytic Diaporthe apiculatum Produces Monoterpenes with Inhibitory Activity against Phytopathogenic Fungi.
Phenotypes Associated with Pathogenicity: Their Expression in Arctic Fungal Isolates.
Use of Medicinal Mushrooms in Layer Ration.
Multi Dynamic Extraction: An Innovative Method to Obtain a Standardized Chemically and Biologically Reproducible Polyphenol Extract from Poplar-Type Propolis to Be Used for Its Anti-Infective Properties.
Analysis of the Indole Diterpene Gene Cluster for Biosynthesis of the Epoxy-Janthitrems in Epichloe Endophytes.
Endolichenic fungal diversity associated with some lichens of the Western Ghats.
Antibacterial harziane diterpenoids from a fungal symbiont Trichoderma atroviride isolated from Colquhounia coccinea var. mollis.
Antifungal Activity of Econazole Nitrate/Cyclodextrin Complex: Effect of pH and Formation of Complex Aggregates.
The construction of CRISPR-Cas9 system for endophytic Phomopsis liquidambaris and its PmkkA-deficient mutant revealing the effect on rice.
Metabolic engineering probiotic yeast produces 3S, 3 \' S-astaxanthin to inhibit B16F10 metastasis.
First Record of the Water Mold Achlya bisexualis (Saprolegniaceae) Isolated from Ornamental Fish in South Africa.
Fifty Shades of the Harlequin Ladybird and a Sexually Transmitted Fungus.
The S phase checkpoint promotes the Smc5/6 complex dependent SUMOylation of Pol2, the catalytic subunit of DNA polymerase epsilon.
STK-12 acts as a transcriptional brake to control the expression of cellulase-encoding genes in Neurospora crassa.
Sumoylation of the DNA polymerase epsilon by the Smc5/6 complex contributes to DNA replication.
Transcriptome analysis of apple leaves infected by the rust fungus Gymnosporangium yamadae at two sporulation stages reveals detoxication and secondary metabolite host responses and fungal pathogenesis-related genes.
Discovery of N-aryl-pyridine-4-ones as Novel Potential Agrochemical Fungicides and Bactericides.
A small horizontally transferred gene cluster contributes to the sporulation of Alternaria alternata.
Fungal functional ecology: bringing a trait-based approach to plant-associated fungi.
Conidiobolomycosis: An Unusual Fungal Disease-Our Experience.
Acquisition of fungi from the environment modifies ambrosia beetle mycobiome during invasion.
Characterization of juice fermented with Lactobacillus plantarum EM and its cholesterol-lowering effects on rats fed a high-fat and high-cholesterol diet.
Antimicrobial potentials of medicinal plant \' s extract and their derived silver nanoparticles: A focus on honey bee pathogen.
Cellular proliferation/cytotoxicity and antimicrobial potentials of green synthesized silver nanoparticles (AgNPs) using Juniperus procera.
A Study on actinobacterial diversity of Hampoeil cave and screening of their biological activities.
Physical and chemical mutagens improved Sporotrichum thermophile, strain ST20 for enhanced Phytase activity.
Neuroprotective and therapeutic effect of Cordyceps militaris on ischemia-induced neuronal death and cognitive impairments.
Influence of strong bases on the synthesis of silver nanoparticles (AgNPs) using the ligninolytic fungi Trametes trogii.
Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. lycopersici causal agent of vascular wilt disease of tomato: Biology to diversity- A review.
Mutanase Enzyme from Paracoccus mutanolyticus RSP02: Characterization and Application as a Biocontrol Agent.
Characterization of Skin Microbiome in Tinea Pedis.
Infecting Mice with Malassezia spp. to Study the Fungus-Host Interaction.
(-)- and (+)-Asperginulin A, a Pair of Indole Diketopiperazine Alkaloid Dimers with a 6/5/4/5/6 Pentacyclic Skeleton from the Mangrove Endophytic Fungus Aspergillus sp. SK-28.
Characteristics and Risk Factors for Mortality of Invasive Non-Aspergillus Mould Infections in Patients with Haematologic diseases: A Single-Centre 7-Year Cohort Study.
Differentiation and adaptation of natural killer cells for anti-malarial immunity.
Effects of Bacillus Subtilis CF-3 VOCs Combined with Heat Treatment on the Control of Monilinia fructicola in Peaches and Colletotrichum gloeosporioides in Litchi Fruit.
Perianal Histoplasmosis Presenting as a Mass Suspicious for Malignancy: A Case Report with Review of Gastrointestinal Manifestations of Histoplasmosis.
Exploring the silage quality of alfalfa ensiled with the residues of astragalus and hawthorn.
Purification and characterization of beta-galactosidase from newly isolated Aspergillus terreus (KUBCF1306) and evaluating its efficacy on breast cancer cell line (MCF-7).
Subsurface zones in intermittent streams are hotspots of microbial decomposition during the non-flow period.
Bioremediation of Olive Mill Wastewater sediments in evaporation ponds through in situ composting assisted by bioaugmentation.
Extracellular biosynthesis of cobalt ferrite nanoparticles by Monascus purpureus and their antioxidant, anticancer and antimicrobial activities: Yield enhancement by gamma irradiation.
Calcined marine coral powders as a novel ecofriendly antimicrobial agent.
Characterization of non-canonical G beta-like protein FvGbb2 and its relationship with heterotrimeric G proteins in Fusarium verticillioides.
Carbendazim-resistance associated beta2 -tubulin substitutions increase deoxynivalenol biosynthesis by reducing the interaction between beta2 -tubulin and IDH3 in Fusarium graminearum.
Fungal ecological strategies reflected in gene transcription - a case study of two litter decomposers.
Assessment of alpha glucosidase inhibitors produced from endophytic fungus Alternaria destruens as antimicrobial and antibiofilm agents.
The European delicacy Tuber melanosporum forms mycorrhizae with some indigenous Chinese Quercus species and promotes growth of the oak seedlings.
Axenic growth of the arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus Rhizophagus irregularis and growth stimulation by coculture with plant growth-promoting rhizobacteria.
Investigating host-pathogen meta-metabolic interactions of Magnaporthe oryzae infected barley using infrared matrix-assisted laser desorption electrospray ionization mass spectrometry.
Biosynthesis and characterization of zinc oxide nanoparticles from Artemisia annua and investigate their effect on proliferation, osteogenic differentiation and mineralization in human osteoblast-like MG-63 Cells.
White blood cells detection and classification based on regional convolutional neural networks.
Synthesis and application of chitosan-copper nanoparticles on damping off causing plant pathogenic fungi.
Characterization of physicochemical and biological properties of Schizophyllum commune polysaccharide extracted with different methods.
Anti-insect activity of a partially purified protein derived from the entomopathogenic fungus Lecanicillium lecanii (Zimmermann) and its putative role in a tomato defense mechanism against green peach aphid.
Multi-perspective analyses of rice straw modification by Pleurotus ostreatus and effects on biomethane production.
A systematic review of the role of grass pollen and fungi in thunderstorm asthma.
The family of amphioxus chitin synthases offers insight into the evolution of chitin formation in chordates.
High-level expression and characterization of the thermostable leucine aminopeptidase Thelap from the thermophilic fungus Thermomyces lanuginosus in Aspergillus niger and its application in soy protein hydrolysis.
Risk assessment of the antifungal and insecticidal peptide Jaburetox and its parental protein the Jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis) urease.
GC/MS analysis and antimicrobial activity of the Piper mikanianum (Kunth) Steud. essential oil.
Analysis of Gut Mycobiota in First-episode, Drug-naive Chinese Patients with Schizophrenia: A Pilot Study.
Hepatoprotective effect of Phellinus linteus mycelia polysaccharide (PL-N1) against acetaminophen-induced liver injury in mouse.
Anabolic/anticatabolic and adaptogenic effects of 24-epibrassinolide on Lupinus angustifolius: causes and consequences.
Inorganic N addition replaces N supplied to switchgrass (Panicum virgatum) by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
Preserving U.S. Microbe Collections Sparks Future Discoveries.
Hospitalizations for mycoses as an indicator of socio-environmental vulnerability in the Brazilian Amazon-Savanna transition region.
Cohabitation and roommate bias of symbiotic bacteria in insect hosts.
Apc.LaeA and Apc.VeA of the velvet complex govern secondary metabolism and morphological development in the echinocandin-producing fungus Aspergillus pachycristatus.
A histone deacetylase, MoHOS2 regulates asexual development and virulence in the rice blast fungus.
Cultivable fungi present in deep-sea sediments of Antarctica: taxonomy, diversity, and bioprospecting of bioactive compounds.
The costs of the immune memory within generations.
The common message of constraint-based optimization approaches: overflow metabolism is caused by two growth-limiting constraints.
Long-read sequencing based clinical metagenomics for the detection and confirmation of Pneumocystis jirovecii directly from clinical specimens: A paradigm shift in mycological diagnostics.
Longitudinal study of the bacterial and fungal microbiota in the human sinuses reveals seasonal and annual changes in diversity.
Early life home microbiome and hyperactivity/inattention in school-age children.
Non-canonical signalling mediates changes in fungal cell wall PAMPs that drive immune evasion.
The transcriptional regulator HbxA governs development, secondary metabolism and virulence in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Impact of classical strain improvement of Penicillium rubens on amino acid metabolism during ss-lactam production.
Assessments of Influences of a Prolific Gut Fungus (Zancudomyces culisetae) on Larval and Adult Mosquito (Aedes aegypti) - Associated Microbiota.
Escherichia coli strains producing a novel Shiga toxin 2 subtype circulate in China.
The effect of shrubland and grassland vegetation types on soil fauna and flora activities in a mountainous semi-arid landscape of Iran.
Variation in Soil Fungal Composition Associated with the Invasion of Stellera chamaejasme L. in Qinghai-Tibet Plateau Grassland.
Root-Associated Fungal Communities in Two Populations of the Fully Mycoheterotrophic Plant Arachnitis uniflora Phil. (Corsiaceae) in Southern Chile.
First Insights into the Microbiome of a Mangrove Tree Reveal Significant Differences in Taxonomic and Functional Composition among Plant and Soil Compartments.
Screening Effective Antifungal Substances from the Bark and Leaves of Zanthoxylum avicennae by the Bioactivity-Guided Isolation Method.
Four New Insecticidal Xanthene Derivatives from the Mangrove-Derived Fungus Penicillium sp. JY246.
Characterization of Composition and Antifungal Properties of Leaf Secondary Metabolites from Thirteen Cultivars of Chrysanthemum morifolium Ramat.
Organic amendment strengthens interkingdom associations in the soil and rhizosphere of barley (Hordeum vulgare).
Variation of airborne DNA mass ratio and fungal diversity in fine particles with day-night difference during an entire winter haze evolution process of Central China.
Aerobic microbe community and necrophagous insects associated with decomposition of pig carrion poisoned with lead.
Structural analysis and potential anti-tumor activity of Sporisorium reilianum (Fries) polysaccharide.
The MAPK Hog1 mediates the response to amphotericin B in Candida albicans.
Peniterester, a carotane-type antibacterial sesquiterpene from an artificial mutant Penicillium sp. T2-M20.
Electrochemical characteristics of a hyperthermophilic enzyme in microdroplets stirred and heated by surface acoustic waves.
Evaluation of bacterial and fungal communities during the fermentation of Baixi sufu, a traditional spicy fermented bean curd.
Marine-natural-products for biocides development: First discovery of meridianin alkaloids as antiviral and anti-phytopathogenic-fungus agents.
Soil organic matter rather than ectomycorrhizal diversity is related to urban tree health.
Interactions Between Salmonella enterica Newport, Fusarium spp., and Melon Cultivars.
Genotypic variation in Norway spruce correlates to fungal communities in vegetative buds.
Rhizophols A and B, antioxidant and axially chiral benzophenones from the endophytic fungus Cytospora rhizophorae.
Idiopathic inflammatory diseases of orbit and ocular adnexa: Histopathological and immunochemical analysis.
Structural and biochemical characterization of a family 7 highly thermostable endoglucanase from the fungus Rasamsonia emersonii.
Associations between blood cultures after surgery for colorectal cancer and long-term oncological outcomes.
Pseudomonas simiae effects on the mycotoxin formation by fusaria and alternaria in vitro and in a wheat field.
Atypical herpes simplex keratitis: frequency, clinical presentations and treatment results.
Transcription factor Znf2 coordinates with the chromatin remodeling SWI/SNF complex to regulate cryptococcal cellular differentiation.
Culture-negative periprosthetic joint infections.
Dissecting cellobiose metabolic pathway and its application in biorefinery through consolidated bioprocessing in Myceliophthora thermophila.
Correction to: Practical guidance for the implementation of the CRISPR genome editing tool in filamentous fungi.
The 32nd summer school of the Research Community for Mechanisms of Mutations.
The effects of organic and inorganic phosphorus amendments on the biochemical attributes and active microbial population of agriculture podzols following silage corn cultivation in boreal climate.
Characterization and evaluation of mycosterol secreted from endophytic strain of Gymnema sylvestre for inhibition of alpha-glucosidase activity.
The genome of a subterrestrial nematode reveals adaptations to heat.
Enhanced antifungal activity of fluconazole conjugated with Cu-Ag-ZnO nanocomposite.
Microbiological quality of mink feed raw materials and feed production area.
Cytotoxic activity of crude extracts from Datura stramonium \' s fungal endophytes against A549 lung carcinoma and UMG87 glioblastoma cell lines and LC-QTOF-MS/MS based metabolite profiling.
Simultaneous dermatophytosis and keratomycosis caused by Trichophyton interdigitale infection: a case report and literature review.
Disseminated histoplasmosis in an immunocompetent individual diagnosed with gastrointestinal endoscopy: a case report.
Production of lycopene by metabolically engineered Pichia pastoris.
[Value of CT in the differential diagnosis of Pseudomonas aeruginosa sinusitis and fungal ball in paranasal sinus caused by Aspergilus flavus].
Single Production of Kojic Acid by Aspergillus flavus and the Revision of Flufuran.
Piltunines A-F from the Marine-Derived Fungus Penicillium piltunense KMM 4668.
RNAi-mediated Gene Silencing of Trcot1 Induces a Hyperbranching Phenotype in Trichoderma reesei.
Basics: Excipients Used in Nonsterile Compounding, Part 3: Preservatives.
Biodegradation of PCBs in contaminated water using spent oyster mushroom substrate and a trickle-bed bioreactor.
Identification of milRNAs and their target genes in Ganoderma lucidum by high-throughput sequencing and degradome analysis.
Mushroom lectins in biomedical research and development.
The ethnopharmacological literature: An analysis of the scientific landscape.
A polyketide synthase, BbpksP, contributes to conidial cell wall structure and UV tolerance in Beauveria bassiana.
The role of phospholipid composition and ergosterol presence in the adaptation of fungal membranes to harsh environmental conditions-membrane modeling study.
Mitochondrial dynamics in parasitic protists.
Mycosarcoma aegyptiacum sp. nov., an antagonistic polymorphic basidiomycetous yeast related to smut fungi.
Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum (White Mold): Cytotoxic, Mutagenic, and Antimalarial Effects In Vivo and In Vitro.
Alteration of Fungal Microbiota After 5-ASA Treatment in UC Patients.
Molecular epidemiology and antifungal susceptibility profiles of clinical Cryptococcus neoformans/Cryptococcus gattii species complex.
Septoglomus mexicanum, a new species of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi from semiarid regions in Mexico.
An updated phylogenetic classification of Corynespora cassiicola isolates and a practical approach to their identification based on the nucleotide polymorphisms at the ga4 and caa5 loci.
Rabies virus and Histoplasma suramericanum coinfection in a bat from southeastern Brazil.
Faster nitrogen cycling and more fungal and root biomass in cold ecosystems under experimental warming: a meta-analysis.
Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus F17 and Leuconostoc lactis H52 supernatants delay the decay of strawberry fruits: a microbiome perspective.
Necrotic and Cytolytic Activity on Grapevine Leaves Produced by Nep1-Like Proteins of Diplodia seriata.
Characterization of the Mycobiome of the Seagrass, Zostera marina, Reveals Putative Associations With Marine Chytrids.
Early Root Transcriptomic Changes in Wheat Seedlings Colonized by Trichoderma harzianum Under Different Inorganic Nitrogen Supplies.
Tall Fescue and E. coenophiala Genetics Influence Root-Associated Soil Fungi in a Temperate Grassland.
Bacterobilia in pancreatic surgery-conclusions for perioperative antibiotic prophylaxis.
Prevalence and distribution of dermatophytosis lesions on cattle in Plateau State, Nigeria.
Light irradiation can regulate the growth characteristics and metabolites compositions of Rhodotorula mucilaginosa.
Identification of endophytic bacteria in medicinal plants and their antifungal activities against food spoilage fungi.
Reactive oxygen species dosage in Arabidopsis chloroplasts can improve resistance towards Colletotrichum higginsianum by the induction of WRKY33.
Entomopathogenic fungal conidia marginally affect the behavior of the predators Orius majusculus (Hemiptera: Anthocoridae) and Phytoseiulus persimilis (Acari: Phytoseiidae) foraging for healthy Tetranychus urticae (Acari: Tetranychidae).
Down-regulation of TUFM impairs host cell interaction and virulence by Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
Chaperone-mediated ordered assembly of the SAGA and NuA4 transcription co-activator complexes in yeast.
Synthesis and characterization of new Cr(III), Fe(III) and Cu(II) complexes incorporating multi-substituted aryl imidazole ligand: Structural, DFT, DNA binding, and biological implications.
Estimating network changes from lifespan measurements using a parsimonious gene network model of cellular aging.
The application of natural food colorants as indicator substances in intelligent biodegradable packaging materials.
Defensins: Transcriptional regulation and function beyond antimicrobial activity.
[Evaluation of anti-candida activity of metabolites of enterococcal clinical isolates.]
[Role of erythrocytes in mechanisms of nonspecific protection of blood in infection caused by the fungus of genus Paecilomyces.]
Correction: The bZIP Transcription Factor MoAP1 Mediates the Oxidative Stress Response and is Critical for Pathogenicity of the Rice Blast Fungus Magnaporthe oryzae.
Recruitment of the Ulp2 protease to the inner kinetochore prevents its hyper-sumoylation to ensure accurate chromosome segregation.
Comparing Stagonosporopsis spp. Fungicide Resistance Profiles in Florida and East China Cucurbit Production Systems.
Amphiphilic Polymethyloxazoline-Polyethyleneimine Copolymers: Interaction with Lipid Bilayer and Antibacterial Properties.
Etiology of Branch Dieback and Shoot Blight of English Walnut Caused by Botryosphaeriaceae and Diaporthe Species in Southern Spain.
Susceptibility of Garden Trees and Shrubs to Armillaria Root Rot.
Antifungal Proteins from Plant Latex.
Emerging Complexity and the Need for Advanced Drug Delivery in Targeting Candida Species.
The efficacy and safety of pulse vs. continuous therapy for dermatophyte toenail onychomycosis.
Biochar reduces nutrient loss and improves microbial biomass of composted cattle manure and maize straw.
Modulation of Activity of a Carotenoid Pathway Through the Use of the TeT-on Regulatory System: Application in the Fungus Fusarium fujikuroi.
Histochemical and Molecular Quantification of Arbuscular Mycorrhiza Symbiosis.
Quantification of Strigolactones.
Pathways for Carotenoid Biosynthesis, Degradation, and Storage.
Application of Beauveria bassiana spore waste as adsorbent to uptake acid red 97 dye from aqueous medium.
Biochemical activity of soil contaminated with BPS, bioaugmented with a mould fungi consortium and a bacteria consortium.
Secretion of acid phosphatase from extraradical hyphae of the arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus Rhizophagus clarus is regulated in response to phosphate availability.
Potential of enzymatic process as an innovative technology to remove anticancer drugs in wastewater.
Modes of the antibiotic activity of amphotericin B against Candida albicans.
A Fungal Arrestin Protein Contributes to Cell Cycle Progression and Pathogenesis.
Gene Regulation Shifts Shed Light on Fungal Adaption in Plant Biomass Decomposers.
The CAFA challenge reports improved protein function prediction and new functional annotations for hundreds of genes through experimental screens.
Deletion of the fungus specific protein phosphatase Z1 exaggerates the oxidative stress response in Candida albicans.
Study of Anti-oxidant, Anti-inflammatory, Genotoxicity, Antimicrobial Activities and Analysis of Different Constituents found in Rhizome Essential Oil of Curcuma caesia Roxb., Collected from North East India.
Late Cretaceous domatia reveal the antiquity of plant-mite mutualisms in flowering plants.
The Suitability of Orthogonal Hosts to Study Plant Cell Wall Biosynthesis.
Synthesis and Antimicrobial Activity of Methoxy- Substituted gamma-Oxa-epsilon-lactones Derived from Flavanones.
Sanitization of packaging and machineries in the food industry: Effect of hydrogen peroxide on ascospores and conidia of filamentous fungi.
Evolution: A Mosaic-type Centromere in an Early-Diverging Fungus.
Mbp1, a component of the MluI cell cycle box-binding complex, contributes to morphological transition and virulence in the filamentous entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana.
CmVVD is involved in fruiting body development and carotenoid production and the transcriptional linkage among three blue-light receptors in edible fungus Cordyceps militaris.
Adulticidal Activity of Metarhizium anisopliae s.l. (Hypocreales: Clavicipitaceae) Native Strains From Argentina Against Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Comparison of Trap Designs for Detection of Euwallacea nr. fornicatus and Other Scolytinae (Coleoptera: Curculionidae) That Vector Fungal Pathogens of Avocado Trees in Florida.
Aspergillus felis in Patient with Chronic Granulomatous Disease.
Overexpression of efflux pump genes is an alternative mechanism of voriconazole resistance in Aspergillus fumigatus.
High-throughput sequence analysis reveals variation in the relative abundance of components of the bacterial and fungal microbiota in the rhizosphere of Ginkgo biloba.
Synthesis of N-acyl amide natural products using a versatile adenylating biocatalyst.
Incidence and clinical outcome of Cryptococcosis in a nation with advanced HIV surveillance program.
Effect of Cu on the fluorescence of the Cu-hyperaccumulator lichen Stereocaulon sorediiferum.
Distribution characteristics and noncarcinogenic risk assessment of culturable airborne bacteria and fungi during winter in Xinxiang, China.
Endobronchial aspergilloma-a comprehensive literature review with focus on diagnosis and treatment modalities.
Corn oil supplementation enhances hydrogen use for biohydrogenation, inhibits methanogenesis, and alters fermentation pathways and the microbial community in the rumen of goats.
Pattern of Blood Stream Infections and their antibiotic susceptibility profile in a Neonatal intensive care unit of a tertiary care hospital; a current perspective.
Microbial profile and antibiotic susceptibility trend in postoperative endophthalmitis: a 12-year review.
Cryo-EM structure of the mitochondrial protein-import channel TOM complex at near-atomic resolution.
The mitochondrial gate reveals its secrets.
Genomic basis of European ash tree resistance to ash dieback fungus.
Effect of inoculated azotobacteria and Phanerochaete chrysosporium on the composting of olive pomace: Microbial community dynamics and phenols evolution.
Vertical transmission in Caenorhabditis nematodes of RNA molecules encoding a viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
The evolution and genomic basis of beetle diversity.
Biochemical properties and biotechnological applications of microbial enzymes involved in the degradation of polyester-type plastics.
Comparative transcriptomic analysis reveals novel insights into the response to Cr(VI) exposure in Cr(VI) tolerant ectomycorrhizal fungi Pisolithus sp. 1 LS-2017.
Synthetic control devices for gene regulation in Penicillium chrysogenum.
Fungi and mycotoxins in cowpea (Vigna unguiculata L) on Nigerian markets.
Construction of Epstein-Bar Virus Cocktail Peptide Fused with Fcgamma of IgG: As a Potential Delivery System for Vaccine Development.
Updates on the Taxonomy of Mucorales with an Emphasis on Clinically Important Taxa.
Bio-Guided Fractionation of Prenylated Benzaldehyde Derivatives as Potent Antimicrobial and Antibiofilm from Ammi majus L. Fruits-Associated Aspergillus amstelodami.
Molecular regulation of Histoplasma dimorphism.
Protective effects of Corbrin Capsule against permanent cerebral ischemia in mice.
Environment-friendly management of textile mill wastewater sludge using epigeic earthworms: Bioaccumulation of heavy metals and metallothionein production.
CHITOSAN AS AN ENVIRONMENT FRIENDLY BIOMATERIAL - A REVIEW ON RECENT MODIFICATIONS AND APPLICATIONS.
Good hydrolysis activity on raffinose family oligosaccharides by a novel alpha-galactosidase from Tremella aurantialba.
Catheter-related infection due to Papiliotrema laurentii in an oncologic patient: Case report and systematic review.
AMPK regulates ESCRT-dependent microautophagy of proteasomes concomitant with proteasome storage granule assembly during glucose starvation.
Cryptococcus genetic diversity and mixed infections in Ivorian HIV patients: A follow up study.
DNA variants affecting the expression of numerous genes in trans have diverse mechanisms of action and evolutionary histories.
Reconstitution of biosynthetic machinery of fungal natural products in heterologous hosts.
Soybean Fungal Endophytes Alternaria and Diaporthe spp. are Differentially Impacted by Fungicide Application.
Occurrence and Diversity of Black-Foot Disease Fungi in Symptomless Grapevine Nursery Stock in Spain.
Sesquiterpenyl Epoxy-Cyclohexenoids and their Signaling Functions in Nematode-Trapping Fungus Arthrobotrys oligospora.
Dear medical mycologists, it is time to look outside the box.
Phytochemical analysis &amp; Assessment of Biological Properties of essential oils obtained from Thyme &amp; Rosmarinus Species.
Bistachybotrysin K, one new phenylspirodrimane dimer from Stachybotrys chartarum with potent cytotoxic activity.
Data set of in-silico analysis and 3D modelling of boiling stable stress-responsive protein from drought tolerant wheat.
Andrastone A From the Deep-Sea-Derived Fungus Penicillium allii-sativi Acts as an Inducer of Caspase and RXRalpha-Dependent Apoptosis.
Risk factors of severe hemoptysis in patients with fungus ball.
Alternaria alternata infection causing rhinosinusitis and orbital involvement in an immunocompetent patient.
Unique N-glycosylation of a recombinant exo-inulinase from Kluyveromyces cicerisporus and its effect on enzymatic activity and thermostability.
Fungicides and the Grapevine Wood Mycobiome: A Case Study on Tracheomycotic Ascomycete Phaeomoniella chlamydospora Reveals Potential for Two Novel Control Strategies.
Contrasting Nitrogen Fertilisation Rates Alter Mycorrhizal Contribution to Barley Nutrition in a Field Trial.
Analysis of Barley Leaf Epidermis and Extrahaustorial Proteomes During Powdery Mildew Infection Reveals That the PR5 Thaumatin-Like Protein TLP5 Is Required for Susceptibility Towards Blumeria graminis f. sp. hordei.
Beneficial Plant Microorganisms Affect the Endophytic Bacterial Communities of Durum Wheat Roots as Detected by Different Molecular Approaches.
Mangrove-Associated Fungal Communities Are Differentiated by Geographic Location and Host Structure.
New Role of P. brasiliensis alpha-Glucan: Differentiation of Non-conventional Dendritic Cells.
Broad Substrate-Specific Phosphorylation Events Are Associated With the Initial Stage of Plant Cell Wall Recognition in Neurospora crassa.
Saprochaete clavata Invasive Infections - A New Threat to Hematological-Oncological Patients.
New biological findings of ethanol and chloroform extracts of fungi Suillellus rubrosanguineus and Tylopilus felleus.
Thitarodes shambalaensis sp. nov. (Lepidoptera, Hepialidae): a new host of the caterpillar fungus Ophiocordyceps sinensis supported by genome-wide SNP data.
Highly Concentrated Multifunctional Silver Nanoparticle Fabrication through Green Reduction of Silver Ions in Terms of Mechanics and Therapeutic Potentials.
Ifu5, a WW domain-containing protein interacts with Efg1 to achieve coordination of normoxic and hypoxic functions to influence pathogenicity traits in Candida albicans.
Pathogen-induced pH changes regulate the growth-defense balance in plants.
Insights into the interaction of Scedosporium apiospermum, Scedosporium aurantiacum, Scedosporium minutisporum, and Lomentospora prolificans with lung epithelial cells.
Stimulating Duddingtonia flagrans chlamydospore production through dehydration.
Marine Oomycetes (Halophytophthora and Salispina): A Potential Source of Fatty Acids with Cytotoxic Activity Against Breast Adenocarcinoma Cells (MCF7).
[How to deduce the seven basic class asci of ordered tetrads in Neurospora].
Intracellular Infection of Diverse Diatoms by an Evolutionary Distinct Relative of the Fungi.
Cerumen impaction was composed of abnormal exfoliation of keratinocytes that was correlated with infection.
Ochratoxin A exposure causes meiotic failure and oocyte deterioration in mice.
Charge migration fragmentation in the negative ion mode of cyclopentenone and cyclopentanone intermediates in the biosynthesis of jasmonates.
Detection of Fungal Jasmonates by Liquid Chromatography Paired with Mass Spectrometry.
Role of Jasmonate in Modulation of Mycorrhizae-Induced Resistance Against Fungal Pathogens.
Role of Jasmonates in Beneficial Microbe-Root Interactions.
Correction to: Keeping pace with forestry: Multi-scale conservation in a changing production forest matrix.
Outbreaks of Mucorales and the Species Involved.
Isolation of Trichoderma from forestry model base and the antifungal properties of isolate TpsT17 toward Fusarium oxysporum.
Protein surface engineering of endoglucanase Penicillium verruculosum for improvement in thermostability and stability in the presence of 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium chloride ionic liquid.
Measuring light-induced fungal ethylene production enables non-destructive diagnosis of disease occurrence in harvested fruits.
Structural Basis of H2B Ubiquitination-Dependent H3K4 Methylation by COMPASS.
Exposure of honey bee larvae to thiamethoxam and its interaction with Nosema ceranae infection in adult honey bees.
Bacterial decomposition of insects post-Metarhizium infection: Possible influence on plant growth.
Metabolic coupling in the co-cultured fungal-yeast suite of Trametes ljubarskyi and Rhodotorula mucilaginosa leads to hypersecretion of laccase isozymes.
Fungal community associated with adults of the chestnut gall wasp Dryocosmus kuriphilus after emergence from galls: Taxonomy and functional ecology.
High specificity of a rare terrestrial orchid toward a rare fungus within the North American tallgrass prairie.
Adaptation of subpopulations of the Norway spruce needle endophyte Lophodermium piceae to the temperature regime.
Antimicrobial and antioxidative potential of free and immobilised cellobiose dehydrogenase isolated from wood degrading fungi.
Presence and distribution of insect-associated and entomopathogenic fungi in a temperate pine forest soil: An integrated approach.
The role of nutrient balance in shaping plant root-fungal interactions: facts and speculation.
The potential of endophytic fungi isolated from cucurbit plants for biocontrol of soilborne fungal diseases of cucumber.
Enhancing succinic acid productivity in the yeast Yarrowia lipolytica with improved glycerol uptake rate.
Remediation mechanism of endophytic fungus Phomopsis liquidambaris on phenanthrene in vivo.
Evaluation of several white-rot fungi for the decolorization of a binary mixture of anionic dyes and characterization of the residual biomass as potential organic soil amendment.
Remediation of an oil-contaminated soil by two native plants treated with biochar and mycorrhizae.
Comparative quantitative proteomics of osmotic signal transduction mutants in Botrytis cinerea explain mutant phenotypes and highlight interaction with cAMP and Ca2+ signalling pathways.
Protein isoelectric point distribution in the interactomes across the domains of life.
A shrimp gene encoding a single WAP domain (SWD)-containing protein regulated by JAK-STAT and NF-kappaB pathways.
Two ectomycorrhizal truffles, Tuber melanosporum and T. aestivum, endophytically colonize roots of non-ectomycorrhizal plants in natural environments.
Candida-Bacterial Biofilms and Host-Microbe Interactions in Oral Diseases.
The Relationship of Candida albicans with the Oral Bacterial Microbiome in Health and Disease.
How deep can ectomycorrhizas go? A case study on Pisolithus down to 4 meters in a Brazilian eucalypt plantation.
Diversity and ecology of cultivable fungi isolated from the thermal soil gradients in Deception Island, Antarctica.
Structural and functional dynamics of soil microbes following spruce beetle infestation.
Fungal seed pathogens of wild chili peppers possess multiple mechanisms to tolerate capsaicinoids.
Assessment of variation in paddy microbial communities under different storage temperatures and relative humidity by Illumina sequencing analysis.
Spoilage fungi in a bread factory in Brazil: Diversity and incidence through the bread-making process.
Fungal L-asparaginase: Strategies for production and food applications.
Effect of Aspergillus carbonarius on ochratoxin a levels, volatile profile and antioxidant activity of the grapes and respective wines.
Pet Food Quality Assurance and Safety and Quality Assurance Survey within the Costa Rican Pet Food Industry.
Mycorrhization Mitigates Disease Caused by "Candidatus Liberibacter solanacearum" in Tomato.
Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of Novel Aminochalcones as Potential Anticancer and Antimicrobial Agents.
Inhibition of Escherichia coli O157:H7 and Salmonella enterica Isolates on Spinach Leaf Surfaces Using Eugenol-Loaded Surfactant Micelles.
Deletion of the SKO1 Gene in a hog1 Mutant Reverts Virulence in Candida albicans.
Decontamination of Mycotoxin-Contaminated Feedstuffs and Compound Feed.
Seasonal Changes in the Metabolic Profiles and Biological Activity in Leaves of Diospyros digyna and D. rekoi "Zapote" Trees.
Zebrafish-Based Discovery of Antiseizure Compounds from the North Sea: Isoquinoline Alkaloids TMC-120A and TMC-120B.
Involvement of OsRIP1, a ribosome-inactivating protein from rice, in plant defense against Nilaparvata lugens.
Polyketides from the endolichenic fungus Eupenicillium javanicum and their anti-inflammatory activities.
Contribution of bacterial-fungal balance to plant and animal health.
Soil moisture threshold in controlling above- and belowground community stability in a temperate desert of Central Asia.
Seasonal fluctuations of Zn, Pb, as and Cd contents in the biomass of selected grass species growing on contaminated soils: Implications for in situ phytostabilization.
Aflatoxin-producing fungi associated with pre-harvest maize contamination in Uganda.
Temperature mainly determines the temporal succession of the photosynthetic picoeukaryote community in Lake Chaohu, a highly eutrophic shallow lake.
Microbial taxonomic and functional attributes consistently predict soil CO2 emissions across contrasting croplands.
Exploring small cationic peptides of different origin as potential antimicrobial agents in aquaculture.
TBRG-1 a ras-like protein in Trichoderma virens involved in conidiation, development, secondary metabolism, mycoparasitism, and biocontrol unveils a new family of Ras-GTPases.
N-glycosylation of the protein disulfide isomerase Pdi1 ensures full Ustilago maydis virulence.
WGS based study of the population structure of Salmonella enterica serovar Infantis.
Distribution and Pathogenicity of Colletotrichum Species Associated With Mango Anthracnose in Mexico.
Floral Colonization Dynamics and Specificity of Aureobasidium pullulans Strains Used to Suppress Fire Blight of Pome Fruit.
Predicting Overwintering of Wheat Stripe Rust in Central and Northwestern China.
Identification and Molecular Mapping of a Gummy Stem Blight Resistance Gene in Wild Watermelon (Citrullus amarus) Germplasm PI 189225.
Antifungal Macrocyclic Trichothecenes from the Insect-Associated Fungus Myrothecium roridum.
Temperature Influence on Pseudothecia Development Stages of Venturia inaequalis in the Western Cape of South Africa.
A genome resource for several North American Venturia inaequalis isolates with multiple fungicide resistance phenotypes.
Secondary Metabolites Produced by an Endophytic Fungus Pestalotiopsis microspora.
Myco-engineered gold nanoparticles from Jahnula aquatica coated with ampicillin/amoxicillin and their antibacterial and anticancer activity against cancer cells.
Microbial changes in relation to oral mucositis in autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation recipients.
Biomarkers of fungal infection: Expert opinion on the current situation.
No support for the emergence of lichens prior to the evolution of vascular plants.
Simultaneous Production of Psilocybin and a Cocktail of beta-Carboline Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitors in  \' Magic \'  Mushrooms.
Inorganic nitrogen availability alters Eucalyptus grandis receptivity to the ectomycorrhizal fungus Pisolithus albus but not symbiotic nitrogen transfer.
Pre-pollination barriers between two sympatric Arisaema species in northern Shikoku Island, Japan.
Visualization and Quantification of Phagocytosis by Neutrophils.
The Role of Neutrophils in the Immune System: An Overview.
Improving RNA content of salt-tolerant Zygosaccharomyces rouxii by atmospheric and room temperature plasma (ARTP) mutagenesis and its application in soy sauce brewing.
Evolutionary engineering and molecular characterization of a caffeine-resistant Saccharomyces cerevisiae strain.
Optimization of agro-residues as substrates for Pleurotus pulmonarius production.
Structure and variation of root-associated microbiomes of potato grown in alfisol.
Functional exploration of co-expression networks identifies a nexus for modulating protein and citric acid titres in Aspergillus niger submerged culture.
Erratum for Gerke et al., "Breaking the Silence: Protein Stabilization Uncovers Silenced Biosynthetic Gene Clusters in the Fungus Aspergillus nidulans".
Transcriptome analysis of Aspergillus niger xlnR and xkiA mutants grown on corn Stover and soybean hulls reveals a highly complex regulatory network.
New dihydrobenzofuranoid from the marine-derived fungus Aspergillus ustus KMM 4664.
Neo-clerodane diterpenoids from Conyza pyrrhopappa Sch.Bip. ex A.Rich.
Characterization and Antioxidant Activity of a Low-Molecular-Weight Xanthan Gum.
Descriptive Bacterial and Fungal Characterization of Propolis Using Ultra-High-Throughput Marker Gene Sequencing.
Detection of Fusarium Species in Clinical Specimens by Probe-Based Real-Time PCR.
Phragmites australis in combination with hydrocarbons degrading bacteria is a suitable option for remediation of diesel-contaminated water in floating wetlands.
Microbiome composition of airborne particulate matter from livestock farms and their effect on innate immune receptors and cells.
Sources and variation of isotopic ratio of airborne radionuclides in Western Arctic lichens and mosses.
Gut mycobiota under scrutiny: fungal symbionts or environmental transients?
Synthesis of Schiff bases modified inulin derivatives for potential antifungal and antioxidant applications.
Coating with chitosan-based edible films for mechanical/biological protection of strawberries.
In situ formation of silver nanoparticles-contained gelatin-PEG-dopamine hydrogels via enzymatic cross-linking reaction for improved antibacterial activities.
Direct homologous dsDNA-dsDNA pairing: how, where and why?
Modification of Rhizosphere Bacterial Community Structure and Functional Potentials to Control Pseudostellaria heterophylla Replant Disease.
Mammary microbiome of lactating organic dairy cows varies by time, tissue site, and infection status.
Infection of the Native California Grass, Bromus carinatus, by Fusarium circinatum, the Cause of Pitch Canker in Pines.
Catalytic mechanism of the PrhA (V150L/A232S) double mutant involved in the fungal meroterpenoid biosynthetic pathway: a QM/MM study.
Central Venous Catheter Management in High-risk Children With Bloodstream Infections.
The changing paradigm of intron retention: regulation, ramifications and recipes.
Metarhizium brunneum infection dynamics differ at the cuticle interface of susceptible and tolerant morphs of Galleria mellonella.
The Whiff of Wine Yeast Innovation: Strategies for Enhancing Aroma Production by Yeast during Wine Fermentation.
Evaluation of an optimized method to directly identify bacteria from positive blood cultures using MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry.
Cutaneous phaeohyphomycosis caused by Pyrenochaeta unguis-hominis in a diabetic patient: A case report.
Increased maize growth and P uptake promoted by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi coincide with higher foliar herbivory and larval biomass of the Fall Armyworm Spodoptera frugiperda.
Geography and habitat predominate over climate influences on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal communities of mid-European meadows.
Recombinant Opisthorchis viverrini tetraspanin expressed in Pichia pastoris as a potential vaccine candidate for opisthorchiasis.
Neptunomyces aureus gen. et sp. nov. (Didymosphaeriaceae, Pleosporales) isolated from algae in Ria de Aveiro, Portugal.
Caste-specific nutritional differences define carbon and nitrogen fluxes within symbiotic food webs in African termite mounds.
A meta-analysis of global fungal distribution reveals climate-driven patterns.
Kinesin-5 Is Dispensable for Bipolar Spindle Formation and Elongation in Candida albicans, but Simultaneous Loss of Kinesin-14 Activity Is Lethal.
Neutrophil phagocyte oxidase activity controls invasive fungal growth and inflammation in zebrafish.
Aspergillus fumigatus and Aspergillosis in 2019.
Synthesis and characterization of Reishi mushroom-mediated green synthesis of silver nanoparticles for the biochemical applications.
Genus level analysis of PKS-NRPS and NRPS-PKS hybrids reveals their origin in Aspergilli.
A distinct class of eukaryotic MT-A70 methyltransferases maintain symmetric DNA N6-adenine methylation at the ApT dinucleotides as an epigenetic mark associated with transcription.
Atomic structures of the RNA end-healing 5 \' -OH kinase and 2 \' ,3 \' -cyclic phosphodiesterase domains of fungal tRNA ligase: conformational switches in the kinase upon binding of the GTP phosphate donor.
Is arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal species community affected by cotton growth management systems in the Brazilian Cerrado?
Probiotic, antibiotic and combinations in Nile tilapia juveniles culture.
Flavonoids as Promising Therapeutics of the Future: A Hub for Cells Survival or Death.
Different phenotypes, similar genomes: three newly sequenced Fusarium fujikuroi strains induce different symptoms in rice depending on temperature.
[IS THERE AN INDICATION FOR CLEANING OR DISINFECTING ULTRASOUND TRANDUCERS BETWEEN CONSECUTIVE EXAMINATIONS FOR FEAR OF TRANFERENCE OF INFECTION TO OR BETWEEN PATIENTS?]
Desert breath-How fog promotes a novel type of soil biocenosis, forming the coastal Atacama Desert \' s living skin.
Purification, characterization, and bioactivity of two new polysaccharide fractions from Thelephora ganbajun mushroom.
Bioluminescence Imaging to Study Mature Biofilm Formation by Candida spp. and Antifungal Activity In Vitro and In Vivo.
Multicellular growth of the Basidiomycota phytopathogen fungus Sporisorium reilianum induced by acid conditions.
Protective Effects of Bacillus subtilis ANSB060, Bacillus subtilis ANSB01G, and Devosia sp. ANSB714-Based Mycotoxin Biodegradation Agent on Mice Fed with Naturally moldy Diets.
Isolation and subunit structure of the xylanosome complex produced by Actinotalea fermentans JCM9966.
Growth conditions, physiological properties, and selection of optimal parameters of biodegradation of anticancer drug daunomycin in industrial effluents by Bjerkandera adusta CCBAS930.
Evolution and networks in ancient and widespread symbioses between Mucoromycotina and liverworts.
Hysteretic response of Microbial Eukaryotic Communities to Gradually Decreased Nutrient Concentrations in Eutrophic Water.
Short-term exposure to low concentrations of copper oxide nanoparticles can negatively impact the ecological performance of a cosmopolitan freshwater fungus.
Phosphoproteomics Profiling of Cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.) Roots in Response to Verticillium dahliae Inoculation.
Screening of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon degrading bacterial isolates from oil refinery wastewater and detection of conjugative plasmids in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon tolerant and multi-metal resistant bacteria.
Optogenetic Repressors of Gene Expression in Yeasts Using Light-Controlled Nuclear Localization.
Intravenous and Oral Posaconazole Pharmacokinetics in a Five-Year-Old With Mucor: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Homology modeling and molecular dynamics dimulation study of beta carbonic anhydrase of Ascaris lumbricoides.
beta-d-Glucan and Aspergillus Galactomannan assays in the diagnosis of invasive fungal infections.
Identifying sex-linked markers in Litoria aurea: a novel approach to understanding sex chromosome evolution in an amphibian.
Leaf-litter thrips of the genus Psalidothrips (Thysanoptera, Phlaeothripidae) from Australia, with fifteen new species.
A new species of Apostlethrips (Thysanoptera, Phlaeothripidae); an Australian genus from grass tussocks.
Translational Regulation Promotes Oxidative Stress Resistance in the Human Fungal Pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans.
Manufactural impact of the solid-state saccharification process in rice-flavor baijiu production.
Antimicrobial and antibiofilm activities of Casearia sylvestris extracts from distinct Brazilian biomes against Streptococcus mutans and Candida albicans.
Comparative acetylome analysis reveals the potential roles of lysine acetylation for DON biosynthesis in Fusarium graminearum.
Effects of soybean oil and dietary copper levels on nutrient digestion, ruminal fermentation, enzyme activity, microflora and microbial protein synthesis in dairy bulls.
RgsA Attenuates the PKA Signaling, Stress Response, and Virulence in the Human Opportunistic Pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus.
The Biological Activity of Natural Alkaloids against Herbivores, Cancerous Cells and Pathogens.
The Analysis of Bifenox and Dichlobenil Toxicity in Selected Microorganisms and Human Cancer Cells.
Crustose Calicioid Lichens and Fungi in Mountain Cloud Forests of Tanzania.
The Endophytic Fungus Chaetomium cupreum Regulates Expression of Genes Involved in the Tolerance to Metals and Plant Growth Promotion in Eucalyptus globulus Roots.
Linking Soil Fungal Generality to Tree Richness in Young Subtropical Chinese Forests.
Shift in Epidemiology of Cryptococcal Infections in Ottawa with High Mortality in Non-HIV Immunocompromised Patients.
The Role of the Lung \' s Microbiome in the Pathogenesis and Progression of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Polyphenol Profile and Pharmaceutical Potential of Quercus spp. Bark Extracts.
A Review of Anti-Inflammatory Compounds from Marine Fungi, 2000-2018.
Biotechnological Potential of Bacteria Isolated from the Sea Cucumber Holothuria leucospilota and Stichopus vastus from Lampung, Indonesia.
A Revision of the Holarctic Genus Rocetelion Matile (Diptera: Keroplatidae).
Fungus-feeding thrips in Iran with a new species of Stictothrips (Thysanoptera: Phlaeothripidae).
New Mycodiplosis gall midge (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae) feeding on fungal rusts (Fungi: Pucciniomycetes) that are pathogenic on cultured plants.
Contributions to the taxonomy, identification, and biogeography of Casinaria Holmgren and Venturia Schrottky (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae: Campopleginae).
A new species of Urothrips (Thysanoptera, Phlaeothripidae) from canopy of monsoon forest in China.
Revision of black fungus gnat species (Diptera, Sciaridae) described from the Hawaiian Islands by D.E. Hardy and W.A. Steffan, and a contribution to the knowledge of the sciarid fauna of the Galapagos Islands.
The RNA-seq approach to discriminate gene expression profiles in response to Beauveria bassiana and Micrococcus luteus microbial pathogens on Actias selene (Lepidoptera: Saturniidae).
Revision of the black fungus gnat species (Diptera: Sciaridae) described by W.A. Steffan from Micronesia.
A new glass sponge genus (Hexactinellida: Euplectellidae) from abyssal depth of the Yap Trench, northwestern Pacific Ocean.
Four new Neotropical species in the Hirtodrosophila hirticornis species group (Diptera: Drosophilidae).
A new species of Liophloeothrips (Thysanoptera, Phlaeothripidae) from leaf litter from Iran.
The silencing of DEK reduced disease resistance against Botrytis cinerea and Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 based on virus-induced gene silencing analysis in tomato.
In vitro synergy of echinocandins with triazoles against fluconazole-resistant Candida parapsilosis complex isolates.
Inducing laccase activity in white rot fungi using copper ions and improving the efficiency of azo dye treatment with electricity generation using microbial fuel cells.
Complementing the intrinsic repertoire of Ustilago maydis for degradation of the pectin backbone polygalacturonic acid.
Characterization of the endothiapepsin-like protein in the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana and its virulence effect on the silkworm, Bombyx mori.
Lack of involvement of chitinase in direct toxicity of Beauveria bassiana cultures to the aphid Myzus persicae.
The The TOB/SAM complex composition in mitochondria of Dictyostelium discoideum during progression from unicellularity to multicellularity.
PI3K-delta controls endoplasmic reticulum membrane fluidity and permeability in fungus-induced allergic inflammation.
Should we Try to Alleviate the Immunosenescence and Inflammaging - Why, How and to What Extent?
Modeling Yield Losses and Fungicide Profitability for Managing Fusarium Head Blight in Brazilian Spring Wheat.
Sphingolipid biosynthetic pathway is crucial for growth, biofilm formation and membrane integrity of Scedosporium boydii.
Microbial Transformation of Cycloastragenol and Astragenol by Endophytic Fungi Isolated from Astragalus Species.
Fungal Hydrophobins and Their Self-Assembly into Functional Nanomaterials.
Oncobiome at the Forefront of a Novel Molecular Mechanism to Understand the Microbiome and Cancer.
Orthologous receptor kinases quantitatively affect the host status of barley to leaf rust fungi.
Unlocking the properties of plants and fungi for sustainable development.
Identification and characterization of circular RNAs in Ganoderma lucidum.
Facile in-situ growth of Ag/TiO2 nanoparticles on polydopamine modified bamboo with excellent mildew-proofing.
Two new species of the genus Derisemias Jordan (Coleoptera, Anthribidae) from Japan and Taiwan.
Macrophyes pacoti n. sp. (Araneae: Anyphaenidae) from Brazilian Atlantic Forest, with notes on an araneopathogenic fungus.
Xalpirta mauryi sp. nov. (Coleoptera: Erotylidae: Tritomini) from Southeast Brazil.
AfsK-mediated site-specific phosphorylation regulates DnaA initiator protein activity in Streptomyces coelicolor.
Commentary on: "Combination immunotherapy with passive antibody and sulfasalazine accelerates fungal clearance and promotes the resolution of Pneumocystis associated immunopathogenesis".
Sequencing and Functional Annotation of the Whole Genome of Shiraia bambusicola.
Sterigmatocystin-induced cytotoxicity via oxidative stress induction in human neuroblastoma cells.
Promoting cellulase and hemicellulase production from Trichoderma orientalis EU7-22 by overexpression of transcription factors Xyr1 and Ace3.
Bioremediation of cadmium-trichlorfon co-contaminated soil by Indian mustard (Brassica juncea) associated with the trichlorfon-degrading microbe Aspergillus sydowii: Related physiological responses and soil enzyme activities.
Isobenzofuranone monomer and dimer derivatives from the mangrove endophytic fungus Epicoccum nigrum SCNU-F0002 possess alpha-glucosidase inhibitory and antioxidant activity.
Genome-wide DNA methylation analysis of Metarhizium anisopliae during tick mimicked infection condition.
Novel FKS1 and FKS2 modifications in a high-level echinocandin resistant clinical isolate of Candida glabrata.
Antivirulence and avirulence genes in human pathogenic fungi.
Wortmannine H, a phenylpentenol isolated from an endophytic fungus, Talaromyces wortmannii LGT-4.
Microbiology and infection profile of electric burned patients in a referral burn hospital in Mexico City.
Alpinia nigra fruits mediated synthesis of silver nanoparticles and their antimicrobial and photocatalytic activities.
Effect of static magnetic field on mold corrosion of printed circuit boards.
Antioxidant and antifungal activity of phenolic compounds and their relation with aflatoxin B1 occurrence in soybeans (Glycine max L.).
Production of diacylglycerols through glycerolysis with SBA-15 supported Thermomyces lanuginosus lipase as catalyst.
Correlative evidence for co-regulation of phosphorus and carbon exchanges with symbiotic fungus in the arbuscular mycorrhizal Medicago truncatula.
Nonadride and Spirocyclic Anhydride Derivatives from the Plant Endophytic Fungus Talaromyces purpurogenus.
Predictive Factors and Microbial Spectrum for Infectious Complications after Hepatectomy with Cholangiojejunostomy in Perihilar Cholangiocarcinoma.
Austalides, Osteoclast Differentiation Inhibitors from a Marine-Derived Strain of the Fungus Penicillium rudallense.
A Novel Source of the Cardiac Glycoside Digoxin from the Endophytic Fungus Epicoccum nigrum: Isolation, Characterization, Production Enhancement by Gamma Irradiation Mutagenesis and Anticancer Activity Evaluation.
Trametes versicolor laccase production using agricultural wastes: a comparative study in Erlenmeyer flasks, bioreactor and tray.
A Bioinformatics Guide to Plant Microbiome Analysis.
Temporal Quantitative Changes in the Resistant and Susceptible Wheat Leaf Apoplastic Proteome During Infection by Wheat Leaf Rust (Puccinia triticina).
Leukocyte-Released Mediators in Response to Both Bacterial and Fungal Infections Trigger IFN Pathways, Independent of IL-1 and TNF-alpha, in Endothelial Cells.
Novel triazole derivatives containing different ester skeleton: Design, synthesis, biological evaluation and molecular docking.
Evolution of fungemia in an Italian region.
Preparation, characterization, and prebiotic activity of manno-oligosaccharides produced from cassia gum by a glycoside hydrolase family 134 beta-mannanase.
Two-step genomic sequence comparison strategy to design Trichoderma strain-specific primers for quantitative PCR.
Construction and application of an HSP70 promoter-inducible genome editing system in transgenic silkworm to induce resistance to Nosema bombycis.
Antimicrobial secondary metabolites from agriculturally important fungi as next biocontrol agents.
Whole-genome resequencing identifies quantitative trait loci associated with mycorrhizal colonization of soybean.
A new compound Trichomicin exerts antitumor activity through STAT3 signaling inhibition.
Molecular and morphological characterization of rice phylloplane fungi and determination of the antagonistic activity against rice pathogens.
Prenylated quinolinone alkaloids and prenylated isoindolinone alkaloids from the fungus Aspergillus nidulans.
Convergent evolution of signal-structure interfaces for maintaining symbioses.
A simple procedure for detecting Dekkera bruxellensis in wine environment by RNA-FISH using a novel probe.
Diversity and succession of microbial communities and chemical analysis in dried Lutianus erythropterus during storage.
Multiple fingerprint and fingerprint-activity relationship for quality assessment of polysaccharides from Flammulina velutipes.
Impact of iron chelators on growth and expression of iron-related genes of Cryptococcus species.
Effects of UV-C treatment and ultrafine-grinding on the biotransformation of ergosterol to vitamin D2, physiochemical properties, and antioxidant properties of shiitake and Jew \' s ear.
A LysM Receptor Heteromer Mediates Perception of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Symbiotic Signal in Rice.
FpDep1, a component of Rpd3L histone deacetylase complex, is important for vegetative development, ROS accumulation, and pathogenesis in Fusarium pseudograminearum.
Mrr2 Mutations and Upregulation are Associated with Increased Fluconazole Resistance in Candida albicans Isolates from Patients with Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.
Seed-borne endophytic Bacillus velezensis LHSB1 mediate the biocontrol of peanut stem rot caused by Sclerotium rolfsii.
Action mechanisms of probiotics on Candida spp. and candidiasis prevention: an update.
The Genome of the Plant-Associated Lactic Acid Bacterium Lactococcus lactis KF147 Harbors a Hybrid NRPS-PKS System Conserved in Strains of the Dental Cariogenic Streptococcus mutans.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of 2-phenyl-4-aminoquinolines as potential antifungal agents.
Prevalence and multilocus genotypes of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in alpacas (Vicugna pacos) in Shanxi Province, northern China.
Isolation of nucleic acids using silicon dioxide powder as a tool for environmental monitoring.
The flavonoid degrading fungus Acremonium sp. DSM 24697 produces two diglycosidases with different specificities.
Coordinated Metacommunity Assembly and Spatial Distribution of Multiple Microbial Kingdoms within a Lake.
Potential of Pantoea dispersa as an effective biocontrol agent for black rot in sweet potato.
Designing yeast as plant-like hyperaccumulators for heavy metals.
Understanding and eliminating the detrimental effect of thiamine deficiency on the oleaginous yeast Yarrowia lipolytica.
The Future of Environmental DNA in Forensic Science.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (Glomus intraradices) and diazotrophic bacterium (Rhizobium BMBS) primed defense in blackgram against herbivorous insect (Spodoptera litura) infestation.
CgHog1 controls the adaptation to both sorbitol and fludioxonil in Colletotrichum gloeosporioides.
Sesquiterpenes from cultures of the fungus Phellinus igniarius and their Cytotoxicities.
Effects of the antifungal peptide Skh-AMP1 derived from Satureja khuzistanica on cell membrane permeability, ROS production, and cell morphology of conidia and hyphae of Aspergillus fumigatus.
Effect of milk types on the attributes of the glutinous rice wine-fermented yogurt-like product.
Yeast and bacterial diversity, dynamics and fermentative kinetics during small-scale tequila spontaneous fermentation.
Persistence and reservoirs of Saccharomyces cerevisiae biodiversity in different vineyard niches.
The effect of salt concentrations on the fermentation of doenjang, a traditional Korean fermented soybean paste.
Metagenomic analysis reveals the impact of JIUYAO microbial diversity on fermentation and the volatile profile of Shaoxing-jiu.
Antimicrobial activity of gaseous chlorine dioxide against Aspergillus flavus on green coffee beans.
High-throughput sequencing approach to characterize dynamic changes of the fungal and bacterial communities during the production of sufu, a traditional Chinese fermented soybean food.
Application of MALDI-TOF MS to species complex differentiation and strain typing of food related fungi: Case studies with Aspergillus section Flavi species and Penicillium roqueforti isolates.
The dynamics of volatile compounds and their correlation with the microbial succession during the traditional solid-state fermentation of Gutian Hong Qu glutinous rice wine.
Determination of the effects of cinnamon bark fractions on Candida albicans and oral epithelial cells.
Mining and genomic characterization of resistance to tan spot, Stagonospora nodorum blotch (SNB), and Fusarium head blight in Watkins core collection of wheat landraces.
Correction to: A comprehensive fungi-specific 18S rRNA gene sequence primer toolkit suited for diverse research issues and sequencing platforms.
Mitotic Recombination and Adaptive Genomic Changes in Human Pathogenic Fungi.
Molecular characterization of a thaumatin-like protein PR-NP24 in tomato fruits.
The effects of human lactoferrin in experimentally induced systemic candidiasis.
Synthesis, Antimicrobial Evaluation and Docking Study of Novel 3,5-Disubstituted-2-Isoxazoline and 1,3,5-Trisubstituted-2-Pyrazoline Derivatives.
New species of Septoria associated with leaf spot diseases in Iran.
Eutypellacytosporins A-D, Meroterpenoids from the Arctic Fungus Eutypella sp. D-1.
Prevalence of Allergic Bronchopulmonary Aspergillosis in Cystic Fibrosis Patients using Two Different Diagnostic Criteria.
The transcription factor Zt107320 affects the dimorphic switch, growth and virulence of the fungal wheat pathogen Zymoseptoria tritici.
Possible mechanisms of the antimicrobial effects of polypeptide-enriched Gastrodia elata Blume extracts.
Structure and chemical analysis of major specialized metabolites produced by the lichen Evernia prunastri.
Bacteria, archae, fungi and viruses: it takes a community to eliminate waste.
Lipid nanoparticles for amphotericin delivery in the treatment of American tegumentary leishmaniasis.
Fat-Soluble Substance Flow During Symbiotic Fungus Cultivation by Leaf-Cutter Ants.
Soil spore bank in Tuber melanosporum: up to 42% of fruitbodies remain unremoved in managed truffle grounds.
The Role of Cross-Pathway Control Regulator CpcA in the Growth and Extracellular Enzyme Production of Penicillium oxalicum.
JASPAR 2020: update of the open-access database of transcription factor binding profiles.
Evaluation of the BioFire FilmArray meningitis/encephalitis panel for the detection of bacteria and yeast in Chinese children.
Emergomyces africanus: The Mimicking Fungus.
Emergomycosis (Emergomyces africanus) in Advanced HIV Disease.
Tinea nigra mimicking acral melanocytic nevi.
Monitoring of Particle Environmental Pollution and Fungal Isolations During Hospital Building-Work Activities in a Hematology Ward.
Chaetomella raphigera beta-glucosidase D2-BGL has intriguing structural features and a high substrate affinity that renders it an efficient cellulase supplement for lignocellulosic biomass hydrolysis.
Development, progress and future prospects in cryobiotechnology of Lilium spp.
Synergy of arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis and exogenous Ca2+ benefits peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.) growth through the shared hormone and flavonoid pathway.
The integration of metabolome and proteome reveals bioactive polyphenols and hispidin in ARTP mutagenized Phellinus baumii.
Effect of nitrogen application rate on soil fungi community structure in a rice-fish mutualistic system.
Polarisome scaffolder Spa2-mediated macromolecular condensation of Aip5 for actin polymerization.
Emergence of the Ug99 lineage of the wheat stem rust pathogen through somatic hybridisation.
Draft Genome Sequence of the Aquatic Fungus Margaritispora aquatica Strain NNIBRFG339.
Global guideline for the diagnosis and management of mucormycosis: an initiative of the European Confederation of Medical Mycology in cooperation with the Mycoses Study Group Education and Research Consortium.
Preparation, structural analysis and antioxidant activities of phosphorylated (1   3)-beta-d-glucan.
Can infections trigger alpha-synucleinopathies?
[Clinical Features of Coccidioidomycosis:Analysis of 33 Chinese Cases].
Comparison of epidemiological, clinical and microbiological characteristics of bloodstream infection in children with solid tumours and haematological malignancies.
Microbiome of vineyard soils is shaped by geography and management.
Agricultural management and plant selection interactively affect rhizosphere microbial community structure and nitrogen cycling.
Microbial communities of the house fly Musca domestica vary with geographical location and habitat.
High production of valencene in Saccharomyces cerevisiae through metabolic engineering.
Redesigning the Aspergillus nidulans xylanase regulatory pathway to enhance cellulase production with xylose as the carbon and inducer source.
5-Aminolevulinic acid fermentation using engineered Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Surveillance study of the prevalence, species distribution, antifungal susceptibility, risk factors and mortality of invasive candidiasis in a tertiary teaching hospital in Southwest China.
The grapevine R2R3-type MYB transcription factor VdMYB1 positively regulates defense responses by activating the stilbene synthase gene 2 (VdSTS2).
Correction: Tienaho, J., et al. Metabolic Profiling of Water-Soluble Compounds from the Extracts of Dark Septate Endophytic Fungi (DSE) Isolated from Scots Pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) Seedlings Using UPLC-Orbitrap-MS. Molecules 2019, 24, 2330.
Toxin Production in Soybean (Glycine max L.) Plants with Charcoal Rot Disease and by Macrophomina phaseolina, the Fungus that Causes the Disease.
Isolation of Penicillium citrinum from Roots of Clerodendron cyrtophyllum and Application in Biosynthesis of Aglycone Isoflavones from Soybean Waste Fermentation.
Do Host Plant and Associated Ant Species Affect Microbial Communities in Myrmecophytes?
Thermogenic Characterization and Antifungal Susceptibility of Candida auris by Microcalorimetry.
Broad-Spectrum Disease Resistance Conferred by the Overexpression of Rice RLCK BSR1 Results from an Enhanced Immune Response to Multiple MAMPs.
Effect of biosynthesis of ZnO nanoparticles via Cucurbita seed extract on Culex tritaeniorhynchus mosquito larvae with its biological applications.
Anthocyanin adsorption by Saccharomyces cerevisiae during wine fermentation is associated to the loss of yeast cell wall/membrane integrity.
Occurrence of selected viral and bacterial pathogens and microbiological quality of fresh and frozen strawberries sold in Spain.
Study on rapid drying and spoilage prevention of potato pulp using solid-state fermentation with Aspergillus aculeatus.
Rice husk as a source for fungal biopesticide production by solid-state fermentation using B. bassiana and T. harzianum.
New quinoline alkaloid and bisabolane-type sesquiterpenoid derivatives from the deep-sea-derived fungus Aspergillus sp. SCSIO06786.
Ammonium transceptors: Novel regulators of fungal development.
Evolutionarily conserved susceptibility of the mitochondrial respiratory chain to SDHI pesticides and its consequence on the impact of SDHIs on human cultured cells.
Synthesis and Biological Activity of Novel Succinate Dehydrogenase Inhibitor Derivatives as Potent Fungicide Candidates.
Light-regulated synthesis of extra- and intracellular enzymes related to wood degradation by the white rot fungus Cerrena unicolor during solid-state fermentation on ash sawdust-based medium.
Complete hybrid genome assembly of clinical multidrug-resistant Bacteroides fragilis isolates enables comprehensive identification of antimicrobial-resistance genes and plasmids.
Determining Mancozeb Deposition Benchmark Values on Apple Leaves for the Management of Venturia inaequalis.
Baseline Sensitivity and Action Mechanism of Propamidine Against Alternaria brassicicola, the Causal Agent of Dark Leaf Spot on Cabbage.
ToxA-Tsn1 Interaction for Spot Blotch Susceptibility in Indian Wheat: An Example of Inverse Gene-for-Gene Relationship.
Diversity of filamentous fungi associated with coral and sponges in coastal reefs of northeast Brazil.
Antifeedant, contact toxicity and oviposition deterrent effects of phyllostine acetate and phyllostine isolated from the endophytic fungus Diaporthe miriciae against Plutella xylostella larvae.
The effect of an additive containing three Lactobacillus species on the fermentation pattern and microbiological status of silage.
Open mining pits and heaps of waste material as the source of undesirable substances: biomonitoring of air and soil pollution in former mining area (Dubnik, Slovakia).
Investigation of the antifungal effects of algal extracts on apple-infecting fungi.
Synthesis of Silver Nanoparticles Mediated by Fungi: A Review.
Mucins and Pathogenic Mucin-Like Molecules Are Immunomodulators During Infection and Targets for Diagnostics and Vaccines.
Erythrobacter aureus sp. nov., a plant growth-promoting bacterium isolated from sediment in the Yellow Sea, China.
Ligninolytic behavior of the white-rot fungus Stereum ostrea under influence of culture conditions, inducers and chlorpyrifos.
Utilization of oil palm decanter cake for valuable laccase and manganese peroxidase enzyme production from a novel white-rot fungus, Pseudolagarobasidium sp. PP17-33.
Discussion of development processes in insect-fungus association derived from the shaggy parasol fruiting on the nests of hairy wood ants.
In vitro Propagation of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi May Drive Fungal Evolution.
Genotyping and Zoonotic Potential of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Pigs in Xinjiang, China.
Antifungal Activities of Bacillus subtilis Lipopeptides to Two Venturia inaequalis Strains Possessing Different Tebuconazole Sensitivity.
Apiosporamide, A 4-hydroxy-2-pyridone Alkaloid, Induces Apoptosis Via PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway In Osteosarcoma Cells.
Design, Evaluation And Antimicrobial Activity Of Egyptian Propolis-Loaded Nanoparticles: Intrinsic Role As A Novel And Naturally Based Root Canal Nanosealer.
Isolation of endophytic fungi and screening of Huperzine A-producing fungus from Huperzia serrata in Vietnam.
Performance of wild-Serbian Ganoderma lucidum mycelium in treating synthetic sewage loading using batch bioreactor.
A combination of chitooligosaccharide and lipochitooligosaccharide recognition promotes arbuscular mycorrhizal associations in Medicago truncatula.
Fungal Extracellular Vesicles as Potential Targets for Immune Interventions.
Reconstruction and analysis of a Kluyveromyces marxianus genome-scale metabolic model.
The leucine biosynthetic pathway is crucial for adaptation to iron starvation and virulence in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Transcriptome sequencing of Salvia miltiorrhiza after infection by its endophytic fungi and identification of genes related to tanshinone biosynthesis.
Statins interfere with the attachment of S. cerevisiae mtDNA to the inner mitochondrial membrane.
Synthesis, Surface and Antimicrobial Activity of New Lactose-Based Surfactants.
Synthesis and Antimicrobial Evaluation of Novel Pyrazolopyrimidines Incorporated with Mono- and Diphenylsulfonyl Groups.
Cytokinin Detection during the Dictyostelium discoideum Life Cycle: Profiles Are Dynamic and Affect Cell Growth and Spore Germination.
Synthesis and Bioactivity of Hydrazide-Hydrazones with the 1-Adamantyl-Carbonyl Moiety.
Fungal Adaptation to the Advanced Stages of Wood Decomposition: Insights from the Steccherinum ochraceum.
A universal random DNA amplification and labeling strategy for microarray to detect multiple pathogens of aquatic animals.
Employing laccase producing Aspergillus sydowii NYKA 510 for cathodic biocatalyst in self-sufficient lighting microbial fuel cell.
Candida albicans triggers NADPH oxidase-independent neutrophil extracellular traps through dectin-2.
A handy method to remove bacterial contamination from fungal cultures.
Lytic Bacteriophage Screening Strategies for Multidrug-Resistant Bloodstream Infections in a Burn Intensive Care Unit.
Heterocephalacria sinensis sp. nov., Phaeotremella lacus sp. nov. and Solicoccozyma aquatica sp. nov., three novel basidiomycetous yeast species isolated from crater lakes.
Ethylene and benzaldehyde emitted from postharvest tomatoes inhibit Botrytis cinerea via binding to G-protein coupled receptors and transmitting with cAMP-signal pathway of the fungus.
Limited DNA repair gene repertoire in Ascomycete yeast revealed by comparative genomics.
Isolation and screening of actinomycetes producing antimicrobial substances from an extreme Moroccan biotope.
[Forty cases of neuromeningeal cryptococcosis diagnosed at the Mycology-Parasitology Department of the Ibn Sina hospital in Rabat, over a 21-year period].
Candida albicans: a cause or a consequence of esophageal intramural pseudo-diverticulosis.
[Clinical and etiological aspects of intertrigos caused by fungal infections in Abidjan (Cote d \' Ivoire)].
First report of the nematicidal activity of Flammulina velutipes, its spent mushroom compost and metabolites.
Re-isolation and NMR Characterization of the Satratoxins G and H.
Two tightly linked genes coding for NAD-dependent malic enzyme and dynamin-related protein are associated with resistance to Cercospora leaf spot disease in cowpea (Vigna unguiculata (L.) Walp.).
Carbo-loading in Coccidioides spp.: a quantitative analysis of CAZyme abundance and resulting glycan populations.
[Mushroom keratoplasty in rosacea keratitis complicated by corneal perforation (a clinical case)].
Exploring the bioactivity potential of Leonotis nepetifolia: phytochemical composition, antimicrobial and antileishmanial activities of extracts from different anatomical parts.
Correction to "Absolute Configuration and Biological Activities of Meroterpenoids from an Endophytic Fungus of Lycium barbarum".
The fungal community and its interaction with the concentration of short-chain fatty acids in the faeces of Chenghua, Yorkshire and Tibetan pigs.
Infectious Complications in Severe Acute Pancreatitis: Pathogens, Drug Resistance, and Status of Nosocomial Infection in a University-Affiliated Teaching Hospital.
Down to the bone: the role of overlooked endolithic microbiomes in reef coral health.
Drug-Resistant Epimutants Exhibit Organ-Specific Stability and Induction during Murine Infections Caused by the Human Fungal Pathogen Mucor circinelloides.
Cause and Effectors: Whole-Genome Comparisons Reveal Shared but Rapidly Evolving Effector Sets among Host-Specific Plant-Castrating Fungi.
OXYLIPINS OTHER THAN JASMONIC ACID ARE XYLEM-RESIDENT SIGNALS REGULATING SYSTEMIC RESISTANCE INDUCED BY TRICHODERMA VIRENS IN MAIZE.
Nucleotide exchange-dependent and nucleotide exchange-independent functions of plant heterotrimeric GTP-binding proteins.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Importance of native vegetation for detection and management of rice stink bug (Tibraca limbativentris).
Coinfection by Trypanosoma cruzi and a fungal pathogen increases survival of Chagasic bugs: advice against a fungal control strategy.
Generic estimator of biomass concentration for Escherichia coli and Saccharomyces cerevisiae fed-batch cultures based on cumulative oxygen consumption rate.
Metabolic engineering and transcriptomic analysis of Saccharomyces cerevisiae producing p-coumaric acid from xylose.
Efficient biosynthesis of (2S)-naringenin from p-coumaric acid in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A novel dual-functional enzyme Lip10 catalyzes lipase and acyltransferase activities in the oleaginous fungus Mucor circinelloides.
In Vitro and In Vivo Antioxidant Activity of the New Magnetic-Cerium Oxide Nanoconjugates.
Whole-Genome and Transposed Duplication Contributes to the Expansion and Diversification of TLC Genes in Maize.
Distinct Microbial Community of Phyllosphere Associated with Five Tropical Plants on Yongxing Island, South China Sea.
Risk factors of invasive candidiasis in critical cancer patients after various gastrointestinal surgeries: A 4-year retrospective study.
Forest health effects due to atmospheric deposition: Findings from long-term forest health monitoring in the Athabasca Oil Sands Region.
Metabolic specialization in itaconic acid production: a tale of two fungi.
Occurrence and risk assessment of azole antifungal drugs in water and wastewater.
New polynuclear 1,5-naphthyridine-silver(I) complexes as potential antimicrobial agents: The key role of the nature of donor coordinated to the metal center.
Surface functionalization of central venous catheter with mycofabricated silver nanoparticles and its antibiofilm activity on multidrug resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.
Design Principles of Branching Morphogenesis in Filamentous Organisms.
Variation in the LRR region of Pi54 protein alters its interaction with the AvrPi54 protein revealed by in silico analysis.
Effect of Caspofungin vs Fluconazole Prophylaxis on Invasive Fungal Disease Among Children and Young Adults With Acute Myeloid Leukemia: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Draft Genomic Resources for the Brown Rot Fungal Pathogen Monilinia laxa.
Chemotaxonomic profiling of Penicillium setosum using high-resolution mass spectrometry (LC-Q-ToF-MS).
Fungal deterioration of limestone false-door monument.
Fungal metabolic profile dataset was not influenced by long-term in vitro preservation of strains.
Antimicrobial potential of endophytic fungi from Astragalus chinensis.
Lignin degradation potential and draft genome sequence of Trametes trogii S0301.
Functional Synergy Of Antimicrobial Peptides And Chlorhexidine Acetate Against Gram-Negative/Gram-Positive Bacteria And A Fungus In Vitro And In Vivo.
Grafting of multiwalled carbon nanotubes with pyrazole derivatives: characterization, antimicrobial activity and molecular docking study.
Synthesis, characterization, and mechanistic studies of a gold nanoparticle-amphotericin B covalent conjugate with enhanced antileishmanial efficacy and reduced cytotoxicity.
A new antimicrobial indoloditerpene from a marine-sourced fungus aspergillus versicolor ZZ761.
Efficient conversion of cane molasses into FOSs by a glucose derepression mutant of Aureobasidium melanogenum with high beta-fructofuranosidase activity.
Identification and characterization of a novel light-induced promoter for recombinant protein production in Pleurotus ostreatus.
Decreased Root-Knot Nematode Gall Formation in Roots of the Morning Glory Ipomoea tricolor Symbiotic with Ergot Alkaloid-Producing Fungal Periglandula Sp.
Lactic acid production by loofah-immobilized Rhizopus oryzae through one-step fermentation process using starch substrate.
Home chemical and microbial transitions across urbanization.
Differential scaling between G1 protein production and cell size dynamics promotes commitment to the cell division cycle in budding yeast.
A specific fungal transcription factor controls effector gene expression and orchestrates the establishment of the necrotrophic pathogen lifestyle on wheat.
Nanohydroxyapatite Reinforced Chitosan Composite Hydrogel with Tunable Mechanical and Biological Properties for Cartilage Regeneration.
Alteration of fermentative metabolism enhances Mucor circinelloides virulence.
Bioaccessibility of curcumin encapsulated in yeast cells and yeast cell wall particles.
Nanocomposite packaging regulates extracellular ATP and programed cell death in edible mushroom (Flammulina velutipes).
Design, synthesis and antifungal activity of amide and imine derivatives containing a kakuol moiety.
Progress and prospects of arthropod chitin pathways and structures as targets for pest management.
Disruption of a putative mitochondrial oxaloacetate shuttle protein in Aspergillus carbonarius results in secretion of malic acid at the expense of citric acid production.
Transcriptome analysis of the differential effect of the NADPH oxidase gene RbohB in Phaseolus vulgaris roots following Rhizobium tropici and Rhizophagus irregularis inoculation.
Aided Phytoremediation to Clean Up Dioxins/Furans-Aged Contaminated Soil: correlation between microbial communities and pollutant dissipation.
Current Knowledge of the Entomopathogenic Fungal Species Metarhizium flavoviride Sensu Lato and Its Potential in Sustainable Pest Control.
A Report on Fungal (1 3)-alpha-d-glucans: Properties, Functions and Application.
Morphological and Transcriptomic Analysis of the Inhibitory Effects of Lactobacillus plantarum on Aspergillus flavus Growth and Aflatoxin Production.
Allium sativum Extract Chemical Composition, Antioxidant Activity and Antifungal Effect against Meyerozyma guilliermondii and Rhodotorula mucilaginosa Causing Onychomycosis.
Internal and External Microbial Community of the Thitarodes Moth, the Host of Ophiocordyceps sinensis.
Meta-Analysis of Grainyhead-Like Dependent Transcriptional Networks: A Roadmap for Identifying Novel Conserved Genetic Pathways.
A Chemometric Analysis of Deep-Sea Natural Products.
Trichothecenes in Cereal Grains - An Update.
Efficacy of a Yeast Cell Wall Extract to Mitigate the Effect of Naturally Co-Occurring Mycotoxins Contaminating Feed Ingredients Fed to Young Pigs: Impact on Gut Health, Microbiome, and Growth.
Antitumor Potential of Seaweed Derived-Endophytic Fungi.
Application of industrial amylolytic yeast strains for the production of bioethanol from broken rice.
Spatial distribution of mercury and other potentially toxic elements using epiphytic lichens in Nova Scotia.
Spent Ganoderma lucidum substrate derived biochar as a new bio-adsorbent for Pb2+/Cd2+ removal in water.
[The analysis of the relationship between the fungal microbiota from soil and tongue coating of 18 patients with precancerous lesions of upper gastrointestinal].
Population-Based Cytogenetic Banding Analysis and Phylogenetic Relationships of the Neotropical Fungus-Farming Ant Trachymyrmex holmgreni Wheeler, 1925.
Unveiling fungal detoxification pathways of the cruciferous phytoalexin rapalexin A: Sequential L-cysteine conjugation, acetylation and oxidative cyclization mediated by Colletotrichum spp.
Enhanced biogas production from municipal solid waste via co-digestion with sewage sludge and metabolic pathway analysis.
Characterization of Penicillium s.s. and Aspergillus sect. nigri causing postharvest rots of pomegranate fruit in Southern Italy.
Expression analysis of the heat shock protein genes and cellular reaction in dojo loach (Misgurnus anguillicaudatus) under the different pathogenic invasion.
Cu(II)-Based Water-Dispersible Humic Acid: Synthesis, Characterizations, and Antifungal and Growth-Promoting Performances.
Efficient Itaconic Acid Production by Aspergillus terreus -Overcoming the Strong Inhibitory Effect of Manganese.
Incidence, risk factors, and outcome of blood stream infections during the first 100 days post-pediatric allogeneic and autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantations.
Delineating the Biofilm Inhibition Mechanisms of Phenolic and Aldehydic Terpenes against Cryptococcus neoformans.
Soil microbes drive phylogenetic diversity-productivity relationships in a subtropical forest.
Fungal Symbionts Produce Prostaglandin E2 to Promote Their Intestinal Colonization.
Growth management of white-rot fungus Phlebia brevispora improved degradation of high-molecular-weight polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Physical and Functional Constraints on Viable Belowground Acquisition Strategies.
Pathogens and Molds Affecting Production and Quality of Cannabis sativa L.
Targeting the Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor With Indole-3-Aldehyde Protects From Vulvovaginal Candidiasis via the IL-22-IL-18 Cross-Talk.
Fungal Growth in Batch Culture - What We Could Benefit If We Start Looking Closer.
Assessment of the Accuracy of High-Throughput Sequencing of the ITS1 Region of Neocallimastigomycota for Community Composition Analysis.
Selection of an Endophytic Streptomyces sp. Strain DEF09 From Wheat Roots as a Biocontrol Agent Against Fusarium graminearum.
Vegetation, pH and Water Content as Main Factors for Shaping Fungal Richness, Community Composition and Functional Guilds Distribution in Soils of Western Greenland.
Exposure of Aspergillus flavus NRRL 3357 to the Environmental Toxin, 2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorinated Dibenzo-p-Dioxin, Results in a Hyper Aflatoxicogenic Phenotype: A Possible Role for Caleosin/Peroxygenase (AfPXG).
Gymnemic Acids Inhibit Adhesive Nanofibrillar Mediated Streptococcus gordonii-Candida albicans Mono-Species and Dual-Species Biofilms.
ARS2 Plays Diverse Roles in DNA Damage Response, Fungal Development, and Pathogenesis in the Plant Pathogenic Fungus Fusarium graminearum.
A Novel Totivirus Naturally Occurring in Two Different Fungal Genera.
SlZRT2 Encodes a ZIP Family Zn Transporter With Dual Localization in the Ectomycorrhizal Fungus Suillus luteus.
Molecular Identification of a Moricin Family Antimicrobial Peptide (Px-Mor) From Plutella xylostella With Activities Against the Opportunistic Human Pathogen Aureobasidium pullulans.
Myo-Inositol and Its Derivatives: Their Emerging Role in the Treatment of Human Diseases.
Cysteine-Rich Antifungal Proteins from Filamentous Fungi are Promising Bioactive Natural Compounds in Anti-Candida Therapy.
Natural variation in Portuguese common bean germplasm reveals new sources of resistance against Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. phaseoli and resistance-associated candidate genes.
Short bZIP homolog of sulfur regulator Met4 from Ogataea parapolymorpha does not depend on DNA-binding cofactors for activating genes in sulfur starvation.
Effect of endophytic Bacillus megaterium colonization on structure strengthening, microbial community, chemical composition and stabilization properties of Hybrid Pennisetum.
Partial characteristics of hemolytic factors secreted from airborne Aspergillus and Penicillium, and an enhancement of hemolysis by Aspergillus micronesiensis CAMP-like factor via Staphylococcus aureus-sphingomyelinase.
Harnessing Wheat Fhb1 for Fusarium Resistance.
Early Diverging Fungus Mucor circinelloides Lacks Centromeric Histone CENP-A and Displays a Mosaic of Point and Regional Centromeres.
The HR-CS-GF-AAS determination and preconcentration of palladium in contaminated urban areas, especially in lichens.
Cultivable fungi from deep-sea oil reserves in the Gulf of Mexico: Genetic signatures in response to hydrocarbons.
Mosquitocidal Activity of the Pale Brittle Stem Mushroom, Psathyrella candolleana (Agaricomycetes), against Three Vector Mosquitoes.
Characterization of Anti-Salmonella typhi Compounds from Medicinal Mushroom Extracts from Zimbabwe.
Inhibitory Effect of Five Ganoderma Species (Agaricomycetes) against Key Digestive Enzymes Related to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
HS-SPME/GC-MS Assisted Analysis of Volatile Constituents in Different Strains of Shiitake Culinary- Medicinal Mushroom, Lentinus edodes (Agaricomycetes).
Wound Healing Activity of a Skin Substitute from Residues of Culinary-Medicinal Winter Mushroom Flammulina velutipes (Agaricomycetes) Cultivation.
Comparative Study on the Effect of Aqueous and Ethanolic Mycelial Extracts from Polycephalomyces nipponicus (Ascomycetes) against Human Breast Cancer MCF-7 Cells.
Radical Scavenging and Antiproliferative Effects of Cordycepin-Rich Ethanol Extract from Brown Rice-Cultivated Cordyceps militaris (Ascomycetes) Mycelium on Breast Cancer Cell Lines.
The Inhibitory Properties of Ethanol Extracts of Some Culinary-Medicinal Mushrooms on the Secretion of Interleukin-8 and Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor by PC3 Cancer Cells.
Antiproliferative, Immunostimulatory, and Anti-Inflammatory Activities of Extracts Derived from Mushrooms Collected in Haida Gwaii, British Columbia (Canada).
The Immunomodulatory Activity of Polysaccharides from the Medicinal Mushroom Amauroderma rude (Agaricomycetes) Is Mediated via the iNOS and PLA2-AA Pathways.
Profiles of Little-Known Medicinal Polypores: Haploporus odorus (Agaricomycetes).
A Comparison of the Physical, Chemical, and Structural Properties of Wild and Commercial Strains of Button Mushroom, Agaricus bisporus (Agaricomycetes).
Increased Inhibition Effect of Antrodin C from the Stout Camphor Medicinal Mushroom, Taiwanofungus camphoratus (Agaricomycetes), on A549 through Crosstalk between Apoptosis and Autophagy.
Chaga Medicinal Mushroom, Inonotus obliquus (Agaricomycetes) Polysaccharides Suppress Tacrine-induced Apoptosis by ROS-scavenging and Mitochondrial Pathway in HepG2 Cells.
Antioxidant, Anticancer, Antimicrobial, and Antibiofilm Properties of the Culinary-Medicinal Fairy Ring Mushroom, Marasmius oreades (Agaricomycetes).
Antioxidant and Anti-Aging Activities of Ethyl Acetate Extract of the Coral Tooth Mushroom, Hericium coralloides (Agaricomycetes).
Investigations on Antioxidative Potential of Poroid Medicinal Mushroom Porodaedalea pini (Agaricomycetes).
Analysis of the Influence of Substrate Formulations on the Bioactive Chemical Profile of Lingzhi or Reishi Medicinal Mushroom, Ganoderma lucidum (Agaricomycetes) by Conventional and Chemometrics Methods.
A Review on Nutritional and Biological Potential of Earthstar Mushrooms, Species of Genus Astraeus ( Agaricomycetes).
Kinetics of methane production during anaerobic fermentation of chicken manure with sawdust and fungi pre-treated wheat straw.
Kunitz-type protease inhibitor BmSPI51 plays an antifungal role in the silkworm cocoon.
Trichothecin inhibits invasion and metastasis of colon carcinoma associating with SCD-1-mediated metabolite alteration.
RcAlb-PepII, a synthetic small peptide bioinspired in the 2S albumin from the seed cake of Ricinus communis, is a potent antimicrobial agent against Klebsiella pneumoniae and Candida parapsilosis.
Evaluation of the expanding spectrum of sertraline against uncommon fungal pathogens.
Functional expression of a highly-reducing polyketide synthase of Emericella variecolor IFM42010, an asteltoxin-producing strain, resulted in production of two polyenoic beta-ketolactones with opposite stereochemistry.
Research progress on the basic helix-loop-helix transcription factors of Aspergillus species.
Response of soil microorganisms and enzymes to the foliar application of Helicur 250 EW fungicide on Horderum vulgare L.
Identification and distribution of mycosporine-like amino acids in Brazilian cyanobacteria by UHPLC-DAD-QTOF.
Non-thermal atmospheric plasma treatment of onychomycosis in an in vitro human nail model.
Individual and Interactive Role of Trichoderma viride and Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi on Growth and Pigment Content of Onion Plants.
Priming of inducible defenses protects Norway spruce against tree-killing bark beetles.
Tree growth response to shifting soil nutrient economy depends on mycorrhizal associations.
Development and Innovation of Ganoderma Industry and Products in China.
Researches and Application of Ganoderma Spores Powder.
Quantitative Analysis of Components in Ganoderma.
Polysaccharide of Ganoderma and Its Bioactivities.
Chemical Components of Ganoderma.
Classification, Biological Characteristics and Cultivations of Ganoderma.
Ganoderma (Lingzhi) in Traditional Chinese Medicine and Chinese Culture.
Does ophthalmic-grade silicone oil possess antimicrobial properties?
Local adaptation of bacterial symbionts within a geographic mosaic of antibiotic coevolution.
Conserved eukaryotic kinase CK2 chaperone intrinsically disordered protein interactions.
Roles of the N-terminal domain and remote substrate binding subsites in activity of the debranching barley limit dextrinase.
Sequential oxidation of 5-hydroxymethylfurfural to furan-2,5-dicarboxylic acid by an evolved aryl-alcohol oxidase.
Suppression of urease, which affects nitrogen metabolism and biological efficacy, by Ca2+/calmodulin in Cordyceps militaris.
Recognition of Histone Crotonylation by Taf14 Links Metabolic State to Gene Expression.
Innovative approach to sunlight activated biofungicides for strawberry crop protection: ZnO nanoparticles.
PM2.5 from a broiler breeding production system: The characteristics and microbial community analysis.
Specific growth rate governs AOX1 gene expression, affecting the production kinetics of Pichia pastoris (Komagataella phaffii) PAOX1-driven recombinant producer strains with different target gene dosage.
Driving forces linking microbial community structure and functions to enhanced carbon stability in biochar-amended soil.
Endophytic fungus Falciphora oryzae promotes lateral root growth by producing indole derivatives after sensing plant signals.
A structural determinant of mycophenolic acid resistance in eukaryotic inosine 5 \' -monophosphate dehydrogenases.
Genotype-specific effects of ericoid mycorrhizae on floral traits and reproduction in Vaccinium corymbosum.
A new benzophenone with biological activities from metabolites of butyrolactone I in rat faeces.
Phytotoxic metabolites produced by Diaporthe eres involved in cane blight of grapevine in Italy.
New Delta8,9-pregnene steroids isolated from the extremophile fungus Exophiala oligosperma.
The Efficient Synthesis of Benzannulated Seven-Membered O-Heterocycles via the Intramolecular Ring-Opening Cyclization of Cyclopropanes.
Schizophyllum commune sinusitis after allogenic bone marrow transplantation for myelodysplastic syndrome: a case report and literature review.
Discovery of a Novel Antimicrobial Lipopeptide, Brevibacillin V, from Brevibacillus laterosporus fmb70 and Its Application on the Preservation of Skim Milk.
Clinical Characteristics Other Than Intralesional Hyperdensity May Increase the Preoperative Diagnostic Accuracy of Maxillary Sinus Fungal Ball.
Paracoccidioides species present distinct fungal adherence to epithelial lung cells and promote different IL-8 secretion levels.
Overlapping responses between salt and oxidative stress in Debaryomyces hansenii.
Purification and characterization of an endo-xylanase from Trichoderma sp., with xylobiose as the main product from xylan hydrolysis.
Long-term standardized forest phenology in Sweden: a climate change indicator.
Pathway engineering for efficient biosynthesis of violaxanthin in Escherichia coli.
Amplicon sequencing dataset of soil fungi and associated environmental variables collected in karst and non-karst sites across Yunnan province, southwest China.
Fungi as source for new bio-based materials: a patent review.
Rewiring carbon metabolism in yeast for high level production of aromatic chemicals.
Dynamic modulation of the lipid translocation groove generates a conductive ion channel in Ca2+-bound nhTMEM16.
Draft Genome Sequence of Xylaria hypoxylon DSM 108379, a Ubiquitous Fungus on Hardwood.
Purification and characterization of two forms of the homologously expressed lytic polysaccharide monooxygenase (PvLPMO9A) from Penicillium verruculosum.
Methyl and Ethylmercury elicit oxidative stress and unbalance the antioxidant system in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A new pseudo-partition coefficient based on a weather-adjusted multicomponent model for mushroom uptake of pesticides from soil.
Effects of multi-year biofumigation on soil bacterial and fungal communities and strawberry yield.
Gut microbiome composition in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos is shaped by geographic relocation, environmental factors, and obesity.
Association mapping of a locus that confers southern stem canker resistance in soybean and SNP marker development.
Be Aware of a Potential Pitfall in Oral and Dental Specimens: Alvogyl Fibers.
Virescenosides From the Holothurian-Associated Fungus Acremonium Striatisporum Kmm 4401.
Defective RNA of a Novel Mycovirus with High Transmissibility Detrimental to Biocontrol Properties of Trichoderma spp.
Phytotoxic Metabolites Produced by Legume-Associated Ascochyta and Its Related Genera in the Dothideomycetes.
Responses of Rhizosphere Fungal Communities to the Sewage Sludge Application into the Soil.
Calm Before the Storm: A Glimpse into the Secondary Metabolism of Aspergillus welwitschiae, the Etiologic Agent of the Sisal Bole Rot.
Optimization of Laccase from Ganoderma lucidum Decolorizing Remazol Brilliant Blue R and Glac1 as Main Laccase-Contributing Gene.
Genetic Regulators and Physiological Significance of Glycogen Storage in Candida albicans.
Does the Microbiota Play a Pivotal Role in the Pathogenesis of Irritable Bowel Syndrome?
Soil-borne fungi influence seed germination and mortality, with implications for coexistence of desert winter annual plants.
Incorporating evaporative water loss into bioenergetic models of hibernation to test for relative influence of host and pathogen traits on white-nose syndrome.
Photodynamic Therapy Combined with Antifungal Drugs against Chromoblastomycosis and the Effect of ALA-PDT on Fonsecaea In Vitro.
Fungal feature tracker (FFT): A tool for quantitatively characterizing the morphology and growth of filamentous fungi.
Stagonolides J and K and Stagochromene A, two New Natural Substituted Nonenolides and a New Disubstituted Chromene-4,5-Dione Isolated from Stagonospora cirsii S-47 Proposed for the Biocontrol of Sonchus arvensis.
Intraventricular Cladophialophora bantiana fungal ball.
The Patenting and Technological Trends in Candidiasis Treatment: A Systematic Review (2014-2018).
A novel Poly(vinyl alcohol) / carboxymethyl cellulose / yeast double degradable hydrogel with yeast foaming and double degradable property.
Production and migration of patulin in Penicillium expansum molded apples during cold and ambient storage.
Simultaneously enhanced intracellular lipogenesis and beta-carotene biosynthesis of Rhodotorula glutinis by light exposure with sodium acetate as the substrate.
Effect of Serratia sp. K3 combined with organic materials on cadmium migration in soil-vetiveria zizanioides L. system and bacterial community in contaminated soil.
Bioactive acetaminophen derivatives from Penicillum herquei JX4.
Effects of ultraviolet-c treatment on growth and mycotoxin production by Alternaria strains isolated from tomato fruits.
Enhanced azo dye biodegradation performance and halotolerance of Candida tropicalis SYF-1 by static magnetic field (SMF).
Effect of transient thermal shocks on alcoholic fermentation performance.
Production of chitosan-oligosaccharides by the chitin-hydrolytic system of Trichoderma harzianum and their antimicrobial and anticancer effects.
The complete mitochondrial genomes of two model ectomycorrhizal fungi (Laccaria): features, intron dynamics and phylogenetic implications.
Identification of Absidia orchidis steroid 11beta-hydroxylation system and its application in engineering Saccharomyces cerevisiae for one-step biotransformation to produce hydrocortisone.
A novel ML domain-containing protein (SpMD2) functions as a potential LPS receptor involved in anti-Vibrio immune response.
A critical review on exploiting the pharmaceutical potential of plant endophytic fungi.
Zombie-Ant Fungi Emerged from Non-manipulating, Beetle-Infecting Ancestors.
Three new bioactive natural products from the fungus Talaromyces assiutensis JTY2.
Resorcinosides A and B, Glycosylated Alkylresorcinols from a Marine-Derived Strain of the Fungus Penicillium janthinellum.
[Fermentation optimization based on cell self-adaptation to environmental stress - a review].
Root colonization by endophytic insect pathogenic fungi.
The Verticillium dahliae Sho1-MAPK pathway regulated melanin biosynthesis is required for cotton infection.
Antioxidant, Anti-inflammatory and Cytotoxic Activities of Polyphenols Extracted from Chroogomphis rutilus.
Using Microbial Seed Coating for Improving Cowpea Productivity Under Low-Input Agricultural System.
The NADPH oxidase in Volvariella volvacea and its differential expression in response to mycelial ageing and mechanical injury.
Biomonitoring of environmental pollution in the vicinity of iron and steel smelters in southwestern Nigeria using transplanted lichens and mosses.
R-SNARE FgSec22 is essential for growth, pathogenicity and DON production of Fusarium graminearum.
Geo-epidemiology and socioeconomic aspects of human sporotrichosis in the municipality of Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, between 2007 and 2016.
A new method for extracting DNA from the grape berry surface, beginning in the vineyard.
Brocaeloid D, a novel compound isolated from a wheat pathogenic fungus, Microdochium majus 99049.
The dataset of de novo transcriptome assembly of Falcataria moluccana cambium from gall-rust (Uromycladium falcatarium) infected and non-infected tree.
Experimental data from flesh quality assessment and shelf life monitoring of high pressure processed European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax) fillets.
Disseminated Gastrointestinal Basidiobolomycosis (GIB) in an infant from Western India.
First case report of Talaromyces marneffei infection in HIV-infected patient in the city of Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso).
Combined effect of the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium robertsii and avermectins on the survival and immune response of Aedes aegypti larvae.
Indoor Culturable Fungal Load and Associated Factors among Public Primary School Classrooms in Gondar City, Northwest Ethiopia, 2018: A Cross-sectional Study.
Author Correction: BiFC-based visualisation system reveals cell fusion morphology and heterokaryon incompatibility in the filamentous fungus Aspergillus oryzae.
Isolation and characterization of a new cyclic lipopeptide orfamide H from Pseudomonas protegens CHA0.
Diaporone A, a new antibacterial secondary metabolite from the plant endophytic fungus Diaporthe sp.
Rapid identification of pathogenic bacteria using Raman spectroscopy and deep learning.
Thermotolerance in the pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans is linked to antigen masking via mRNA decay-dependent reprogramming.
A novel reporter gene assay for pyrogen detection.
Dectin-2-Targeted Antifungal Liposomes Exhibit Enhanced Efficacy.
First characterization of methanogens in oral cavity in Malian patients with oral cavity pathologies.
Quaternized Chitosan Coated Montmorillonite Interior Antimicrobial Metal-Antibiotics in situ Coordination Complexation for Mixed Infection of Wounds.
[The 471st case: duodenal ulcer, mucor infection, and elevated IgG(4)].
[The diagnostic value of combined specific IgG and specific IgE of Aspergillus fumigatus in allergic broncho pulmonary aspergillosis and severe asthma with fungal sensitization].
Conserved HORMA domain-containing protein Hop1 stabilizes interaction between proteins of meiotic DNA break hotspots and chromosome axis.
Aortic Mycetoma From Disseminated Cunninghamella Species Infection.
Analysis of prognosis, genome, microbiome, and microbial metabolome in different sites of colorectal cancer.
Simultaneous and sequential based co-fermentations of Trichoderma asperellum GDFS1009 and Bacillus amyloliquefaciens 1841: a strategy to enhance the gene expression and metabolites to improve the bio-control and plant growth promoting activity.
Two cases of fungal cyst infection in ADPKD: is this really a rare complication?
Mild water stress-induced priming enhance tolerance to Rosellinia necatrix in susceptible avocado rootstocks.
Central nervous system disorders after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: a prospective study of the Infectious Diseases Working Party of EBMT.
Dietary intervention using (1,3)/(1,6)-beta-glucan, a fungus-derived soluble prebiotic ameliorates high-fat diet-induced metabolic distress and alters beneficially the gut microbiota in mice model.
Late-Onset Sepsis as a Risk Factor for Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia in Extremely Low Birth Weight Infants: A Nationwide Cohort Study.
Actin guides filamentous rhizoid growth and morphogenesis in the zoosporic fungus Chytriomyces hyalinus.
A paradigm shift in developments of anti-Candida drugs.
Phosphonamidates are the first phosphorus-based zinc binding motif to show inhibition of beta-class carbonic anhydrases from bacteria, fungi, and protozoa.
Recombinant protein expression in biofilms.
Spica Prunellae Extract Enhances Fluorouracil Sensitivity of 5-Fluorouracil-Resistant Human Colon Carcinoma HCT-8/5-FU Cells via TOP2alpha and miR-494.
Gut microbiome in chronic rheumatic and inflammatory bowel diseases: Similarities and differences.
Saksenaea dorisiae sp. nov., a New Opportunistic Pathogenic Fungus from Europe.
Taxonomy of the Sphaerostilbella broomeana-group (Hypocreales, Ascomycota).
Soil Nematode Abundances were Increased by an Incremental Nutrient Input in a Paddy-upland Rotation System.
Diaporthalean fungi associated with canker and dieback of trees from Mount Dongling in Beijing, China.
Two new species of Lactifluus (Fungi, Russulales) from tropical Quercus forest in eastern Mexico.
Shielding the Next Generation: Symbiotic Bacteria from a Reproductive Organ Protect Bobtail Squid Eggs from Fungal Fouling.
Mutation in cyp51A and high expression of efflux pump gene of Aspergillus fumigatus induced by propiconazole in liquid medium and soil.
Fungal artillery of zombie flies: infectious spore dispersal using a soft water cannon.
Evaluation of the milk clotting properties of an aspartic peptidase secreted by Rhizopus microsporus.
Hyfraxinic Acid, a Phytotoxic Tetrasubstituted Octanoic Acid Produced by the Ash (Fraxinus excelsior L.) Pathogen Hymenoscyphus fraxineus Together with Viridiol and Some its Analogues.
Phytochemical composition of wormwood (Artemisia gmelinii) extracts in respect of their antimicrobial activity.
Comparative phosphoproteomic analysis of blast resistant and susceptible rice cultivars in response to salicylic acid.
Genomic characteristics and comparative genomics analysis of the endophytic fungus Sarocladium brachiariae.
Botryosphaeriaceae Fungi as Causal Agents of Dieback and Corky Bark in Rambutan and Longan.
Novel Sources of Wheat Head Blast Resistance in Modern Breeding Lines and Wheat Wild Relatives.
Sources of food contamination in a closed hydroponic system.
Disseminated Cutaneous and Osteoarticular Sporotrichosis Mimicking Pyoderma Gangrenosum.
Assessment of the physicochemical characteristics, chemical and microbiological safety of two types of kilichi, a grilled meat produced in Niger.
Identification of fungi associated with soybeans and effective seed disinfection treatments.
Alternatone A, an Unusual Perylenequinone-Related Compound from a Soft-Coral-Derived Strain of the Fungus Alternaria alternata.
Occurrence of Ehrlich-derived and Varietal Polyfunctional Thiols in Belgian White Wines made from Chardonnay and Solaris Grapes.
Fungal evolution: diversity, taxonomy and phylogeny of the Fungi.
Fungal isolate and crop cultivar influence the beneficial effects of root inoculation with entomopathogenic fungi in strawberry.
Using Chou \' s General Pseudo Amino Acid Composition to Classify Laccases from Bacterial and Fungal Sources via Chou \' s Five-Step Rule.
Identification of a Huperzine A-producing endophytic fungus from Phlegmariurus taxifolius.
Disseminated Emergomyces pasteurianus Infection in India: A Case Report and a Review.
Epigenetic modification enhances ergot alkaloid production of Claviceps purpurea.
The growth and lutein accumulation in heterotrophic Chlorella protothecoides provoked by waste Monascus fermentation broth feeding.
Cinnamaldehyde inhibits Candida albicans growth by causing apoptosis and its treatment on vulvovaginal candidiasis and oropharyngeal candidiasis.
Chitooligosaccharides and Thermostable Chitinase Against Vulvovaginal Candidiasis and Saprophyte Fungi: LC Mass Studies of Shrimp Shell Fermentation by Bacillus altitudinis.
Deletion of the middle region of the transcription factor ClrB in Penicillium oxalicum enables cellulase production in the presence of glucose.
Comparison of Urine Antigen Assays for the Diagnosis of Histoplasma capsulatum Infection.
Global imprint of mycorrhizal fungi on whole-plant nutrient economics.
A Double-Edged Sword: Aneuploidy is a Prevalent Strategy in Fungal Adaptation.
Construction of a Codon-Adapted Nourseotricin-Resistance Marker Gene for Efficient Targeted Gene Deletion in the Mycophenolic Acid Producer Penicillium brevicompactum.
Yeast alpha-arrestin Art2 is the key regulator of ubiquitylation-dependent endocytosis of plasma membrane vitamin B1 transporters.
Sensitivity of the U.S. Blumeria graminis f. sp. tritici Population to Demethylation Inhibitor Fungicides.
Pathogen Dispersal and Glomerella Leaf Spot Progress Within Apple Canopy in Brazil.
Real-Time PCR and LAMP Assays for the Detection of Spores of Alternaria solani and Sporangia of Phytophthora infestans to Inform Disease Risk Forecasting.
Ether Hydrolysis, Ether Thiolysis and the Catalytic Power of Etherases in the Disassembly of Lignin.
Two Is Better Than One: Studying Ustilago bromivora-Brachypodium Compatibility by Using a Hybrid Pathogen.
Kombucha from alternative raw materials - The review.
A Genome-Wide Screen for Wortmannin-Resistant Mutants in Schizosaccharomyces pombe: The Phosphorylation-Impaired Mutants Are Resistant to Signaling Defect.
Synthesis of Thiazolium-Labeled 1,3,4-Oxadiazole Thioethers as Prospective Antimicrobials: In Vitro and In Vivo Bioactivity and Mechanism of Action.
Effects of enhanced UV-B radiation on the interaction between rice and Magnaporthe oryzae in Yuanyang terrace.
Discovery of a novel and selective fungicide that targets fungal cell wall to treat dermatomycoses: 1,3-bis(3,4-dichlorophenoxy)propan-2-aminium chloride.
Investigation and Application of Bacillus licheniformis Volatile Compounds for the Biological Control of Toxigenic Aspergillus and Penicillium spp.
Data on elemental composition of Russula cyanoxantha along an urbanization gradient in Cluj-Napoca (Romania).
Production of cutinase from Fusarium falciforme and its application for hydrophilicity improvement of polyethylene terephthalate fabric.
Aspergillus terreus obtained from mangrove exhibits antagonistic activities against Pythium aphanidermatum-induced damping-off of cucumber.
Molecular identification of non-Cryptococcus yeasts associated with pigeon droppings in Shiraz, Southern Iran.
Polysaccharides obtained from mycelia of Cordyceps militaris attenuated doxorubicin-induced cytotoxic effects in chemotherapy.
Disseminated blastomycosis in coalworkers \'  pneumoconiosis.
Endophyte-assisted phytoremediation: mechanisms and current application strategies for soil mixed pollutants.
Dark septate endophytic fungi mitigate the effects of salt stress on cowpea plants.
The High Diversity and Variable Susceptibility of Clinically Relevant Acremonium-Like Species in China.
Siderophore-assisted cadmium hyperaccumulation in Bacillus subtilis.
Phyllosphere of Submerged Plants in Bathing Lakes as a Reservoir of Fungi-Potential Human Pathogens.
Microbiota Associated with Dromedary Camel Milk from Algerian Sahara.
Evaluation the oral hygiene conditions, oral Candida colonization and salivary Streptococcus mutans and Lactobacilli density in a group of beta-thalassemic children and adolescence.
Multiple degrees of separation in the central pathways of the catabolism of aromatic compounds in fungi belonging to the Dikarya sub-Kingdom.
Use of the kojA promoter, involved in kojic acid biosynthesis, for polyketide production in Aspergillus oryzae: implications for long-term production.
Use of a flor yeast strain for the second fermentation of sparkling wines: Effect of endogenous CO2 over-pressure on the volatilome.
Vault packaged enzyme mediated degradation of amino-aromatic energetic compounds.
Adaptation of the metabolomics profile of rice after Pyricularia oryzae infection.
From bench to counter: Discovery and validation of a peony extract as tyrosinase inhibiting cosmeceutical.
Cytotoxic, anti-biofilm and antimicrobial polyketides from the plant associated fungus Chaetosphaeronema achilleae.
Overproduction of hydroxytyrosol in Saccharomyces cerevisiae by heterologous overexpression of the Escherichia coli 4-hydroxyphenylacetate 3-monooxygenase.
The mycobiota: fungi take their place between plants and bacteria.
Toxicopathological effects of feeding aflatoxins B1 in broilers and its ameliosration with indigenous mycotoxin binder.
137Cs and 40K in Cortinarius caperatus mushrooms (1996-2016) in Poland - Bioconcentration and estimated intake: 137Cs in Cortinarius spp. from the Northern Hemisphere from 1974 to 2016.
Evaluation of indigenous non-Saccharomyces yeasts isolated from a South Australian vineyard for their potential as wine starter cultures.
Biocompatibility assessment of Fe3O4 nanoparticles using Saccharomyces cerevisiae as a model organism.
Bio-efficacy of the indigenous entomopathogenic fungus, Beauveria bassiana in conjunction with desiccant dust to control of coleopteran stored product pests.
Evaluation of phytochemical compositions and biological properties of Achillea gypsicola Hub-Mor. at different phenological stages.
Exploration of medicinal plants as sources of novel anticandidal drugs.
New and Promising Chemotherapeutics for Emerging Infections Involving Drug-Resistant Non-albicans Candida Species.
The Chemistry of Drugs to Treat Candida albicans.
Molecules and Metabolites from Natural Products as Inhibitors of Biofilm in Candida spp. pathogens.
Intradiurnal variation of predominant airborne fungal spore biopollutants in the Central European urban environment.
New inhibitors of homoserine dehydrogenase from Paracoccidioides brasiliensis presenting antifungal activity.
Food Web Uncertainties Influence Predictions of Climate Change Effects on Soil Carbon Sequestration in Heathlands.
Co-occurring Fungal Functional Groups Respond Differently to Tree Neighborhoods and Soil Properties Across Three Tropical Rainforests in Panama.
Environmental fungi and bacteria facilitate lecithin decomposition and the transformation of phosphorus to apatite.
Characterization, expression profiling, and functional analysis of a Populus trichocarpa defensin gene and its potential as an anti-Agrobacterium rooting medium additive.
Liquefaction of porcine hoof shell to prepare peptone substitute by instant catapult steam explosion.
Antifungal and anti-aflatoxigenic activity of Heliopsis longipes roots and affinin/spilanthol against Aspergillus parasiticus by downregulating the expression of alfD and aflR genes of the aflatoxins biosynthetic pathway.
The Positive Effects of Grifola frondosa Heteropolysaccharide on NAFLD and Regulation of the Gut Microbiota.
Hybrid Polyketides from a Hydractinia-Associated Cladosporium sphaerospermum SW67 and Their Putative Biosynthetic Origin.
Prenylated Phenol and Benzofuran Derivatives from Aspergillus terreus EN-539, an Endophytic Fungus Derived from Marine Red Alga Laurencia okamurai.
Ochratoxin A Sequentially Activates Autophagy and the Ubiquitin-Proteasome System.
Host Genotype and Precipitation Influence of Fungal Endophyte Symbiosis and Mycotoxin Abundance in a Locoweed.
Chemical Composition and Biological Activities of Metabolites from the Marine Fungi Penicillium sp. Isolated from Sediments of Co To Island, Vietnam.
Fungal Diversity in Intertidal Mudflats and Abandoned Solar Salterns as a Source for Biological Resources.
Whey: The Soil Bio-Community Enhancer That Selectively Controls Root-Knot Nematodes.
Consolidated Bioprocess for Bioethanol Production from Raw Flour of Brosimum alicastrum Seeds Using the Native Strain of Trametes hirsuta Bm-2.
Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Colonization Promotes Changes in the Volatile Compounds and Enzymatic Activity of Lipoxygenase and Phenylalanine Ammonia Lyase in Piper nigrum L.  \' Bragantina \' .
Ongoing Challenges with Healthcare-Associated Candida auris Outbreaks in Oman.
Enhanced Killing of Candida krusei by Polymorphonuclear Leucocytes in the Presence of Subinhibitory Concentrations of Melaleuca alternifolia and "Mentha of Pancalieri" Essential Oils.
Pulmonary Nodule in a Patient with Oral and Lung Cancer: Cryptococcus Infection.
Dechdigliotoxins A-C, Three Novel Disulfide-Bridged Gliotoxin Dimers from Deep-Sea Sediment Derived Fungus Dichotomomyces cejpii.
Mechanical Tillage Diversely Affects Glomalin Content, Water Stable Aggregates and AM Fungal Community in the Soil Profiles of Two Differently Managed Olive Orchards.
Fusaricidin Produced by Paenibacillus polymyxa WLY78 Induces Systemic Resistance against Fusarium Wilt of Cucumber.
GLYI4 Plays A Role in Methylglyoxal Detoxification and Jasmonate-Mediated Stress Responses in Arabidopsis thaliana.
A Nature-Inspired Design Yields a New Class of Steroids Against Trypanosomatids.
Two distinct nucleic acid binding surfaces of Cdc5 regulate development.
Paralog buffering contributes to the variable essentiality of genes in cancer cell lines.
Mechanical stiffness of reconstituted actin patches correlates tightly with endocytosis efficiency.
Mycovirus induced hypervirulence of Leptosphaeria biglobosa enhances systemic acquired resistance to Leptosphaeria maculans in Brassica napus.
Emerging drugs for the treatment of onychomycosis.
Perspectives on Exploring Denitrifying Fungi as a Model To Evaluate Nitrous Oxide Production and Reduce Emissions from Agricultural Soils.
Modulation of Glucosinolate Composition in Brassicaceae Seeds by Germination and Fungal Elicitation.
Comparison of bactericidal and fungicidal efficacy of antiseptic formulations according to EN 13727 and EN 13624 standards
Higher gene flow in sex-related chromosomes than in autosomes during fungal divergence.
Polyphasic identification of three new species in Alternaria section Infectoriae causing human cutaneous infection.
Efficacy of salicylic acid peel in dermatophytosis.
Comment on  \' Single nucleus sequencing reveals evidence of inter-nucleus recombination in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi \' .
Endogenous Candida Endophthalmitis as a Rare Complication of Trans-Urethral Lithotripsy in a Healthy Woman: A Case Report
Latent Dirichlet Allocation reveals spatial and taxonomic structure in a DNA-based census of soil biodiversity from a tropical forest.
Resistance of soil biota and plant growth to disturbance increases with plant diversity.
GATA-type transcriptional factor Gat1 regulates nitrogen uptake and polymalic acid biosynthesis in polyextremotolerant fungus Aureobasidium pullulans.
Novel mycosynthesis of cobalt oxide nanoparticles using Aspergillus brasiliensis ATCC 16404 - Optimization, characterization and antimicrobial activity.
Effect of Protective Coating on Surface Properties and Candida Albicans Adhesion to Denture Base Materials.
Involvement of LaeA in the regulation of conidia production and stress responses in Penicillium digitatum.
Pea cultivar Blauwschokker for the phytostimulation of biodiesel degradation in agricultural soil.
The Role of Adaptor Protein CARD9 in Colitis-Associated Cancer.
Design of a Thiosemicarbazide-Functionalized Calix[4]arene Ligand and Related Transition Metal Complexes: Synthesis, Characterization, and Biological Studies.
Genome-Wide Identification and Functional Prediction of Long Non-coding RNAs Involved in the Heat Stress Response in Metarhizium robertsii.
Metagenomics Reveals Bacterial and Archaeal Adaptation to Urban Land-Use: N Catabolism, Methanogenesis, and Nutrient Acquisition.
The Genetics and Biochemistry of Cell Wall Structure and Synthesis in Neurospora crassa, a Model Filamentous Fungus.
Yeasts of Burden: Exploring the Mycobiome-Bacteriome of the Piglet GI Tract.
Plant Growth and Soil Microbial Impacts of Enhancing Licorice With Inoculating Dark Septate Endophytes Under Drought Stress.
Similar Shift Patterns in Gut Bacterial and Fungal Communities Across the Life Stages of Bactrocera minax Larvae From Two Field Populations.
Histidine-rich Glycoprotein Modulates the Blood-vascular System in Septic Condition.
A nucleotide resolution map of Top2-linked DNA breaks in the yeast and human genome.
A secreted metal-binding protein protects necrotrophic phytopathogens from reactive oxygen species.
Cellular sequestrases maintain basal Hsp70 capacity ensuring balanced proteostasis.
ROS-mediated inactivation of the PI3K/AKT pathway is involved in the antigastric cancer effects of thioredoxin reductase-1 inhibitor chaetocin.
Fungal-bacterial diversity and microbiome complexity predict ecosystem functioning.
New drugs target growing threat of fatal fungi.
The phosphate-solubilising ability of Penicilium guanacastense and its effects on the growth of Pinus massoniana in phosphate limiting conditions.
Identification and dynamic quantification of regulatory elements using total RNA.
Host-Pathogen Interactions in Coccidioidomycosis: Prognostic Clues and Opportunities for Novel Therapies.
Review article: fungal alterations in inflammatory bowel diseases.
Co-opting the fermentation pathway for tombusvirus replication: Compartmentalization of cellular metabolic pathways for rapid ATP generation.
High-level expression of a thermophilic and acidophilic beta-mannanase from Aspergillus kawachii IFO 4308 with significant potential in mannooligosaccharide preparation.
Assessment of the diversity and abundance of the total and active fungal population and its correlation with humification during two-phase olive mill waste ( \'  \' alperujo") composting.
Genetical and O-glycoproteomic analyses reveal the roles of three protein O-mannosyltransferases in phytopathogen Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. cucumerinum.
Are the better cooperators dormant or quiescent?
Comparative transcriptome analysis of galls from four different host plants suggests the molecular mechanism of gall development.
Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation and expression of GFP in Ascochyta lentis to characterize ascochyta blight disease progression in lentil.
Probe-Based Multiplex Real-Time PCR as a Diagnostic Tool to Distinguish Distinct Fungal Symbionts Associated With Euwallacea kuroshio and Euwallacea whitfordiodendrus in California.
A Genomic Approach to Develop a New qPCR Test Enabling Detection of the Pyricularia oryzae Lineage Causing Wheat Blast.
Litter traits and rainfall reduction alter microbial litter decomposers: the evidence from three Mediterranean forests.
Use of 6-Methylisoxanthopterin, a Fluorescent Guanine Analog, to Probe Fob1-Mediated Dynamics at the Stalling Fork Barrier DNA Sequences.
Characterization of a highly stable alpha-galactosidase from thermophilic Rasamsonia emersonii heterologously expressed in a modified Pichia pastoris expression system.
Natural occurrence of Alternaria mycotoxins in malting barley grains in the main producing region of Argentina.
Effects of Fusarium graminearum and Fusarium poae on disease parameters, grain quality and mycotoxins contamination in bread wheat (Part I).
Alcoholic fermentation of soursop (Annona muricata) juice through alternative fermentation technique.
One-pot five-component high diastereoselective synthesis of polysubstituted 2-piperidinones from aromatic aldehydes, nitriles, dialkyl malonates and ammonium acetate.
Complete Genome Sequence of Sphingobacterium psychroaquaticum Strain SJ-25, an Aerobic Bacterium Capable of Suppressing Fungal Pathogens.
Ptychographic imaging of NaD1 induced yeast cell death.
A novel miRNA negatively regulates resistance to Glomerella leaf spot by suppressing expression of an NBS gene in apple.
Microbiological Profile of Infections in a Tertiary Care Burns Unit.
The microbiota regulate neuronal function and fear extinction learning.
Carbon for nutrient exchange between arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and wheat varies according to cultivar and changes in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration.
Carbon dots derived from pea for specifically binding with Cryptococcus neoformans.
Genetic interaction between Ptc2 and protein phosphatase 4 (PP4) in the regulation of DNA damage response and virulence in Candida albicans.
A case of sporotrichosis caused by different Sporothrix brasiliensis strains: mycological, molecular, and virulence analyses.
A green approach for the treatment of dye and surfactant contaminated industrial wastewater.
Semi-automated counting model for arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi spores using the Circle Hough Transform and an artificial neural network.
Dermatitis herpetiformis in an adolescent patient.
Paracoccidioidomycosis in a child: exuberant presentation due to the inadvertent use of systemic corticosteroids.
Candidate genes expression profiling during wilting in chickpea caused by Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. ciceris race 5.
Development of Novel Wheat-Rye Chromosome 4R Translocations and Assignment of Their Powdery Mildew Resistance.
Diagnostic qPCR Assay to Detect Fusarium brasiliense, a Causal Agent of Soybean Sudden Death Syndrome and Root Rot of Dry Bean.
Antifungal and antiaflatoxigenic activity of rosemary essential oil (Rosmarinus officinalis L.) against Aspergillus flavus.
In vitro mycorrhization of pear (Pyrus communis).
Arrested fungal biofilms as low-modulus structural bio-composites: Water holds the key.
Preventing fungal growth on heritage paper with antifungal and cellulase inhibiting magnesium oxide nanoparticles.
Canker and Wood Rot Pathogens Present in Young Apple Trees and Propagation Material in the Western Cape of South Africa.
Isolation, structural elucidation, and antimicrobial evaluation of the metabolites from a marine-derived fungus Penicillium sp. ZZ1283.
Five polyketides isolated from the marine-derived fungus Arthrinium Sp.
Microbial consortia involved in fermented spelt sourdoughs: dynamics and characterization of yeasts and Lactic Acid Bacteria.
Mitochondrial carriers of Ustilago maydis and Aspergillus terreus involved in itaconate production: same physiological role but different biochemical features.
Molecular epidemiology of Sporothrix schenkii isolates in Malaysia.
Fungal NOX is an essential factor for induction of TG2 in human hepatocytes.
A new type of Anatolian propolis: Evaluation of its chemical composition, activity profile and botanical origin.
Clinico-mycological study of onychomycosis in a tertiary care hospital- a cross sectional study.
Insights Revealed by The Co-Crystal Structure of The Saccharomyces Cerevisiae Histidine Phosphotransfer Protein Ypd1 and The Receiver Domain of Its Downstream Response Regulator Ssk1.
HCN-producing Pseudomonas protegens CHA0 affects intraradical viability of Rhizophagus irregularis in Sorghum vulgare roots.
Validation of Diaporthe toxica resistance markers in European Lupinus angustifolius germplasm and identification of novel resistance donors for marker-assisted selection.
Practical guidance for the implementation of the CRISPR genome editing tool in filamentous fungi.
Environmental variables associated with Nothophaeocryptopus gaeumannii population structure and Swiss needle cast severity in Western Oregon and Washington.
Seagrass-associated fungal communities show distance decay of similarity that has implications for seagrass management and restoration.
Prokaryotic taxa play keystone roles in the soil microbiome associated with woody perennial plants in the genus Buxus.
Corrigendum: Characterization of Aspergillus fumigatus Extracellular Vesicles and Their Effects on Macrophages and Neutrophils Functions.
Principles of meiotic chromosome assembly revealed in S. cerevisiae.
A mutualistic interaction between Streptomyces bacteria, strawberry plants and pollinating bees.
Lipid Rafts to the Rescue! Plants under Fungal Attack Recruit Phospholipase Ddelta.
International travel as source of a hospital outbreak with an unusual meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus clonal complex 398, Denmark, 2016.
Chromogenic medium versus PCR-RFLP in the speciation of Candida: a comparative study.
Protective practices against tick bites in Denmark, Norway and Sweden: a questionnaire-based study.
Rapid adaptation of signaling networks in the fungal pathogen Magnaporthe oryzae.
Mitochondrial genome in Hypsizygus marmoreus and its evolution in Dikarya.
Construction of strains to identify novel factors for regulation of centromeric cohesion protection (CCP) and sister kinetochore mono-orientation (SKM).
Disinfection and Sterilization Using Plasma Technology: Fundamentals and Future Perspectives for Biological Applications.
The Mechanisms of Mating in Pathogenic Fungi-A Plastic Trait.
Development and Characterization of a Biodegradable PLA Food Packaging Hold Monoterpene-Cyclodextrin Complexes against Alternaria alternata.
Anti-Diabetic Nephropathy Activities of Polysaccharides Obtained from Termitornyces albuminosus via Regulation of NF-kappaB Signaling in db/db Mice.
Rapid Rule Out of Culture-Negative Bloodstream Infections by Use of a Novel Approach to Universal Detection of Bacteria and Fungi.
Negative Blood Cultures: Is There Value in Ruling Out Negatives Faster Than 5 Days?
Simultaneous fermentation of galacturonic acid and five-carbon sugars by engineered Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Recombinant production and characterization of six novel GH27 and GH36 alpha-galactosidases from Penicillium subrubescens and their synergism with a commercial mannanase during the hydrolysis of lignocellulosic biomass.
Influence of PacC on the environmental stress adaptability and cell wall components of Ganoderma lucidum.
Wound- and pathogen-activated de novo JA synthesis using different ACX isozymes in tea plant (Camellia sinensis).
ComparativeTranscriptomeAnalysis of BambusapervariabilisxDendrocalamopsisgrandis Against Arthriniumphaeospermumunder Protein AP-toxin Induction.
Laboratory diagnostics, phylogenetic analysis and clinical outcome of a subcutaneous Mycoleptodiscus indicus infection in an immunocompetent cat.
Comprehensive analysis of multiprotein bridging factor 1 family genes and SlMBF1c negatively regulate the resistance to Botrytis cinerea in tomato.
Pathogenicities of Rice Blast (Pyricularia oryzae Cavara) Isolates From Kenya.
Pathogenicity and a TaqMan Real-Time PCR for Specific Detection of Pantoea allii, a Bacterial Pathogen of Onions.
Angiosperm to Gymnosperm host-plant switch entails shifts in microbiota of the Welwitschia bug, Probergrothius angolensis (Distant,1902).
UvCom1 is an Important Regulator Required for Development and Infection in the Rice False Smut Fungus Ustilaginoidea virens.
Two metabolites isolated from endophytic fungus Coniochaeta sp. F-8 in Ageratina adenophora exhibit antioxidative activity and cytotoxicity.
Exopolysaccharide from Paecilomyces lilacinus modulates macrophage activities through the TLR4/NF-kappaB/MAPK pathway.
Fungal infection alters the selection, dispersal and drift processes structuring the amphibian skin microbiome.
To pool or not to pool? Guidelines for pooling samples for use in surveillance testing of infectious diseases in aquatic animals.
Potential modes of action of Pseudomonas fluorescens ZX during biocontrol of blue mold decay on postharvest citrus.
Pseudomonas sp. UW4 acdS gene promotes primordium initiation and fruiting body development of Agaricus bisporus.
Evaluation of the Induction of Cell-Mediated Immunity Against Candida albicans in a Model of Cutaneous Infection in Newborn 0-Day-Old Mice.
Unique processes yielding pure azaphilones in Talaromyces atroroseus.
Retrospective Analysis of Microbial Colonization Patterns in Central Venous Catheters, 2013-2017.
Foliar pathogens of eucalypts.
Genera of phytopathogenic fungi: GOPHY 3.
Evaluation of the Vibrant DNA microarray for the high-throughput multiplex detection of enteric pathogens in clinical samples.
The Role of Orange Gene in Carotenoid Accumulation: Manipulating Chromoplasts Toward a Colored Future.
Candidate Effectors From Uromyces appendiculatus, the Causal Agent of Rust on Common Bean, Can Be Discriminated Based on Suppression of Immune Responses.
Forest Soil Fungal Community Elevational Distribution Pattern and Their Ecological Assembly Processes.
Fermentation innovation through complex hybridization of wild and domesticated yeasts.
Interspecific hybridization facilitates niche adaptation in beer yeast.
Deacetylation of chitin oligomers increases virulence in soil-borne fungal pathogens.
Fungi promote pancreatic cancer.
New azaphilones from Penicillium variabile, a fungal endophyte from roots of Aconitum vilmorinianum.
Correction: Taxonomic diversity of fungi deposited from the atmosphere.
Nanomechanical properties of steric zipper globular structures.
Programmed Cell Death in Neurospora crassa Is Controlled by the Allorecognition Determinant rcd-1.
Granulomatous inflammation diagnosed by fine-needle aspiration biopsy.
Diagnosis of Pneumocystis pneumonia by real-time PCR in patients with various underlying diseases.
Structural insights into conformation of amphiphilic quaternary ammonium chitosans to control fungicidal and anti-biofilm functions.
Borneol-modified chitosan: Antimicrobial adhesion properties and application in skin flora protection.
Natural Product Medicines for Honey Bees: Perspective and Protocols.
Comparative Mitochondrial Genome Analysis of Two Ectomycorrhizal Fungi (Rhizopogon) Reveals Dynamic Changes of Intron and Phylogenetic Relationships of the Subphylum Agaricomycotina.
PdMFS1 Transporter Contributes to Penicilliun digitatum Fungicide Resistance and Fungal Virulence during Citrus Fruit Infection.
Dual Transcriptional Profile of Aspergillus flavus during Co-Culture with Listeria monocytogenes and Aflatoxin B1 Production: A Pathogen-Pathogen Interaction.
Low Temperature (15  C) Reduces Bacterial Diversity and Prolongs the Preservation Time of Volvariella volvacea.
Iotanteractions between Beauveria bassiana and Isaria fumosorosea and Their Hosts Sitophilus granarius (L.) and Sitophilus oryzae (L.) (Coleoptera: Curculionidae).
Validating interfacial behaviour of surface-active ionic liquids (SAILs) with computational study integrated with biocidal and cytotoxic assessment.
A comparative study of liquid holding restitution of viability after oxidative stress in Ustilago maydis and Saccharomyces cerevisiae cell populations.
Structural Characterization and Chain Conformation of Water-Soluble beta-Glucan from Wild Cordyceps sinensis.
New species of Bannoa described from the tropics and the first report of the genus in South America.
Transcriptome profiling of the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae and its host Oryza sativa during infection.
Genome-wide associations and transcriptional profiling reveal ROS regulation as one underlying mechanism of sheath blight resistance in rice.
Virulence Dynamics and Breeding for Resistance to Stripe, Stem, and Leaf Rust in Canada Since 2000.
Phylogenetic complexities of the members of Rivulariaceae with the re-creation of the family Calotrichaceae and description of Dulcicalothrix necridiiformans gen nov., sp nov., and reclassification of Calothrix desertica.
Synthesis and role of melanin for tolerating in vitro rumen digestion in Duddingtonia flagrans, a nematode-trapping fungus.
The study of antimicrobial, anti-cancer, anti-inflammatory and alpha-glucosidase inhibitory activities of Nigronapthaphenyl, isolated from an extract of Nigrospora sphaerica.
Trichoderma spp. from Misiones, Argentina: effective fungi to promote plant growth of the regional crop Ilex paraguariensis St. Hil.
Overview on antibacterial metabolites from terrestrial Aspergillus spp.
Pulsed resource availability changes dietary niche breadth and partitioning between generalist rodent consumers.
Phyllosphere Fungal Communities of Plum and Antifungal Activity of Indigenous Phenazine-Producing Pseudomonas synxantha Against Monilinia laxa.
Effects of Continuous Cropping of Sweet Potato on the Fungal Community Structure in Rhizospheric Soil.
Genomic Analyses Provide Insights Into the Evolutionary History and Genetic Diversity of Auricularia Species.
The ZtvelB Gene Is Required for Vegetative Growth and Sporulation in the Wheat Pathogen Zymoseptoria tritici.
Different Pathways Mediate Amphotericin-Lactoferrin Drug Synergy in Cryptococcus and Saccharomyces.
Antimicrobial Metabolites Produced by Penicillium mallochii CCH01 Isolated From the Gut of Ectropis oblique, Cultivated in the Presence of a Histone Deacetylase Inhibitor.
Microfluidics and Metabolomics Reveal Symbiotic Bacterial-Fungal Interactions Between Mortierella elongata and Burkholderia Include Metabolite Exchange.
In Vitro and In Vivo Inhibitory Effects of Gaseous Chlorine Dioxide against Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. batatas Isolated from Stored Sweetpotato: Study II.
Inhibitory Abilities of Bacillus Isolates and Their Culture Filtrates against the Gray Mold Caused by Botrytis cinerea on Postharvest Fruit.
Survival Factor Gene FgSvf1 Is Required for Normal Growth and Stress Resistance in Fusarium graminearum.
Evaluation Of The Efficacy Of Fluorescent Staining And Chicago Sky Blue Staining As Methods For Diagnosis Of Dermatophytosis In Hair And Nails.
Polysaccharide peptide (PsP) Ganoderma lucidum: a potential inducer for vascular repair in type 2 diabetes mellitus model.
The Droplet-Size Effect Of Squalene@cetylpyridinium Chloride Nanoemulsions On Antimicrobial Potency Against Planktonic And Biofilm MRSA.
New Approach For Simvastatin As An Antibacterial: Synergistic Effect With Bio-Synthesized Silver Nanoparticles Against Multidrug-Resistant Bacteria.
Pyridine azo disperse dye derivatives and their selenium nanoparticles (SeNPs): synthesis, fastness properties, and antimicrobial evaluations.
Corn and soybean host root endophytic fungi with toxicity towards the soybean cyst nematode.
Development and Application of a qPCR Detection Method to Quantify Venturia oleaginea (Castagne) Rossman &amp; Crous in Asymptomatic Olive (Olea europaea L.) Leaves.
Weather-based predictive modeling of orange rust of sugarcane in Florida.
Chromosome-level reference genome of Venturia effusa, causative agent of pecan scab.
Microenvironmental interplay predominated by beneficial Aspergillus abates fungal pathogen incidence in paddy environment.
[Metagenomic Sequencing for Pathogens Detection in a Critically Ill Patient].
[Sterilization Effect of an Atmospheric Low Temperature Plasma Jet on Candida albicans Biofilm].
Usefulness of bronchoalveolar lavage in a French pediatric cohort with hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Fungicidal Activity of Essential Oils from Cinnamomum cassia against the Pathogenic Fungi of Panax notoginseng Diseases.
Chlorhexidine gluconate transparent dressing does not decrease central line-associated bloodstream infection in critically ill patients: A randomized controlled trial.
Effects of biochar amendment on bacterial and fungal communities in the reclaimed soil from a mining subsidence area.
Emerging tick-borne pathogens in the Nordic countries: A clinical and laboratory follow-up study of high-risk tick-bitten individuals.
Evolution of Termite Symbiosis Informed by Transcriptome-Based Phylogenies.
Simultaneous production of cellulase and ferulic acid esterase by Penicillium decumbens with rice straw as the sole carbon source.
Bacteremia and urogenital infection with Actinomyces urogenitalis following prolonged urinary retention.
Azolla pinnata, Aspergillus terreus, and Eisenia fetida for fasterrecycling of nutrients from wheat straw.
C16-Fengycin A affect the growth of Candida albicans by destroying its cell wall and accumulating reactive oxygen species.
Promoter engineering strategies for the overproduction of valuable metabolites in microbes.
Measures to reduce the exposure of waste collection workers to handborne and airborne microorganisms and inflammogenic dust.
Combined use of ivermectin, dimethyl sulfoxide, mineral oil and nematophagous fungi to control Rhabditis spp.
Fluorescence quantum yield of natural dye extracted from Tradescantia pallida purpurea as a function of the seasons: Preliminary bioapplication as a fungicide probe for necrotrophic fungi.
Microbial lipid production from dilute acid and dilute alkali pretreated corn stover via Trichosporon dermatis.
Contrasting common measures of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal root colonization.
New alkaloidal metabolites from cultures of entomopathogenic fungus Cordyceps takaomontana NBRC 101754.
Study the immunomodulation of anthracenedione in striped dwarf catfish, Mystus vittatus against pathogenic bacteria, Aeromonas hydrophila.
Short communication: Physicochemical features and microbial community of milk kefir using a potential probiotic Saccharomyces cerevisiae KU200284.
Aerobic denitrification performance and nitrate removal pathway analysis of a novel fungus Fusarium solani RADF-77.
Arbuscular mycorrhiza and environmentally biochemicals enhance the nutritional status of Helianthus tuberosus and induce its resistance against Sclerotium rolfsii.
Exploring links between antisense RNAs and pathogenesis in Ustilago maydis through transcript and gene characterization.
Ochracines A-E, chamigrane-related norsesquiterpene derivatives from the basidiomycete Steccherinum ochraceum HFG119.
Deciphering the associated risk on soil microbes upon use of biopesticides in rice ecosystem.
Rod-shaped gold nanoparticles biosynthesized using Pb2+-induced fungus Aspergillus sp. WL-Au.
Cellulase and xylanase synergism in industrial biotechnology.
Biodetoxification of fungal mycotoxins zearalenone by engineered probiotic bacterium Lactobacillus reuteri with surface-displayed lactonohydrolase.
Ecological memory and relocation decisions in fungal mycelial networks: responses to quantity and location of new resources.
The TL1A-DR3 Axis Selectively Drives Effector Functions in Human MAIT Cells.
Map-based cloning of genes encoding key enzymes for pigment synthesis in Auricularia cornea.
A newly constructed Agrobacterium-mediated transformation system revealed the influence of nitrogen sources on the function of the LaeA regulator in Penicillium chrysogenum.
Evaluation of the rust fungus Puccinia rapipes for biological control of Lycium ferocissimum (African boxthorn) in Australia: Life cycle, taxonomy and pathogenicity.
New fossils of ascomycetous anamorphic fungi from Baltic amber.
Reassessment of Paragnomonia (Sydowiellaceae, Diaporthales) and typification of Paragnomonia fragariae, the cause of strawberry root rot and petiole blight.
Botryosphaeriaceae associated with Acacia heterophylla (La Reunion) and Acacia koa (Hawaii).
Characterization of genetic diversity on tropical Trichoderma germplasm by sequencing of rRNA internal transcribed spacers.
Production of Pork Sausages Using Pleaurotus eryngii with Different Treatments as Replacements for Pork Back Fat.
Transcriptome analysis reveals comprehensive responses to cadmium stress in maize inoculated with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
Enhancement of pyruvic acid production in Candida glabrata by engineering hypoxia-inducible factor 1.
Antibacterial, antifungal and antioxidant activity of total polyphenols of Withania frutescens.L.
Trichoderma harzianum transcriptome in response to cadmium exposure.
Structural diversity and functional variability of gut microbial communities associated with honey bees.
Bioactive polyketides from the mangrove endophytic fungi Phoma sp. SYSU-SK-7.
Genomics of Aerobic Photoheterotrophs in Wheat Phyllosphere Reveals Divergent Evolutionary Patterns of Photosynthetic Genes in Methylobacterium spp.
Characterization and variation of the rhizosphere fungal community structure of cultivated tetraploid cotton.
Local adaptation drives the diversification of effectors in the fungal wheat pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum in the United States.
Trivirensols: Selectively Bacteriostatic Sesquiterpene Trimers from the Australian Termite Nest-Derived Fungus Trichoderma virens CMB-TN16.
Evolution of World and Brazilian Markets for Enzymes Produced by Solid-State Fermentation: A Patent Analysis.
New insights of CRISPR technology in human pathogenic fungi.
A proteomic study of Cunninghamella echinulata recovery during exposure to tributyltin.
Agroforestry coffee soils increase the insect-suppressive potential offered by entomopathogenic fungi over full-sun soils: A case proposing a "bait survival technique".
Host identity and phylogeny shape the foliar endophytic fungal assemblages of Ficus.
Effects of natural vegetative restoration on soil fungal and bacterial communities in bare patches of the southern Taihang Mountains.
The influence of feedstock characteristics on enzyme production in Trichoderma reesei: a review on productivity, gene regulation and secretion profiles.
[Drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis with secondary aspergillus fumigatus infection: a case report].
Induced terreins production from marine red algal-derived endophytic fungus Aspergillus terreus EN-539 co-cultured with symbiotic fungus Paecilomyces lilacinus EN-531.
Hispidulones A and B, two new phenalenone analogs from desert plant endophytic fungus Chaetosphaeronema hispidulum.
Comparative kinetic isotope effects on first- and second-order rate constants of soybean lipoxygenase variants uncover a substrate-binding network.
Checkpoint inhibition of origin firing prevents DNA topological stress.
Fourier-transform infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopy analysis discriminates asymptomatic and symptomatic Norway spruce trees.
Heat stress transcription factor OsSPL7 plays a critical role in reactive oxygen species balance and stress responses in rice.
Characterization of Cronartium ribicola dsRNAs reveals novel members of the family Totiviridae and viral association with fungal virulence.
Pulmonary Cryptococcus infections as a manifestation of idiopathic CD4 lymphocytopenia: case report and literature review.
Higher NADH availability of lager yeast increases the flavor stability of beer.
Rhodiola/Cordyceps-Based Herbal Supplement Promotes Endurance Training-Improved Body Composition But Not Oxidative Stress and Metabolic Biomarkers: A Preliminary Randomized Controlled Study.
National Public Health Response to Candida auris in England.
Tomato Plants Treated with Systemin Peptide Show Enhanced Levels of Direct and Indirect Defense Associated with Increased Expression of Defense-Related Genes.
Fumigant Antifungal Activity via Reactive Oxygen Species of Thymus vulgaris and Satureja hortensis Essential Oils and Constituents against Raffaelea quercus-mongolicae and Rhizoctonia solani.
Bacterial and Fungal Diversity Inside the Medieval Building Constructed with Sandstone Plates and Lime Mortar as an Example of the Microbial Colonization of a Nutrient-Limited Extreme Environment (Wawel Royal Castle, Krakow, Poland).
Structural and Functional Characterization of Three Novel Fungal Amylases with Enhanced Stability and pH Tolerance.
Two Novel Polysaccharides in Psoralea corylifolia L and anti-A549 Lung Cancer Cells Activity In Vitro.
Pathogenetic Impact of Bacterial-Fungal Interactions.
Constituents and Anti-Multidrug Resistance Activity of Taiwanofungus camphoratus on Human Cervical Cancer Cells.
MoS2 decorated nanocomposite: Fe2O3@MoS2 inhibits the conjugative transfer of antibiotic resistance genes.
Two new unsaturated fatty acids from the mangrove rhizosphere soil-derived fungus Penicillium javanicum HK1-22.
Nosema bombycis suppresses host hemolymph melanization through secreted serpin 6 inhibiting the prophenoloxidase activation cascade.
Decelerated carbon cycling by ectomycorrhizal fungi is controlled by substrate quality and community composition.
Pfcyp51 exclusively determines reduced sensitivity to 14alpha-demethylase inhibitor fungicides in the banana black Sigatoka pathogen Pseudocercospora fijiensis.
Separating the effects of temperature and carbon allocation on the diel pattern of soil respiration in the different phenological stages in dry grasslands.
Ratiometric GPCR signaling enables directional sensing in yeast.
LONG-TERM SURVIVAL OF PSEUDOGYMNOASCUS DESTRUCTANS AT ELEVATED TEMPERATURES.
Response of the sesquiterpene synthesis in submerged cultures of the Basidiomycete Tyromyces floriformis to the medium composition.
New records of Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis in the state of Bahia, Brazil: histological analysis in anuran amphibian collections.
Cytoplasmic retention and degradation of a mitotic inducer enable plant infection by a pathogenic fungus.
Global Secretome Characterization of the Pathogenic Yeast Candida glabrata.
[Advances in mechanisms of nutrient exchange between mycorrhizal fungi and host plants].
[Fungal diversity in the brown coniferous forest soils of Daxing \' anling Mountains, Northeast China].
At the nexus of three kingdoms: the genome of the mycorrhizal fungus Gigaspora margarita provides insights into plant, endobacterial and fungal interactions.
Angiosperm symbioses with non-mycorrhizal fungal partners enhance N acquisition from ancient organic matter in a warming maritime Antarctic.
Resources for Chemical, Biological, and Structural Data on Natural Products.
CmRAV1 shows differential expression in two melon (Cucumis melo L.) cultivars and enhances salt tolerance in transgenic Arabidopsis plants.
Fusarium Solani Infection Following Burn Injury: A Case Report.
Phenotyping Plant Responses to Biotic Stress by Chlorophyll Fluorescence Imaging.
Transcriptome Profiles of Strawberry (Fragaria vesca) Fruit Interacting With Botrytis cinerea at Different Ripening Stages.
Strengthening Grapevine Resistance by Pseudomonas fluorescens PTA-CT2 Relies on Distinct Defense Pathways in Susceptible and Partially Resistant Genotypes to Downy Mildew and Gray Mold Diseases.
Chitooligosaccharides Prevents the Development of Colitis-Associated Colorectal Cancer by Modulating the Intestinal Microbiota and Mycobiota.
Macrofungi of Mata da Margaraca (Portugal), a relic from the Tertiary Age.
Mapping 123 million neonatal, infant and child deaths between 2000 and 2017.
The effects of soil phosphorus and zinc availability on plant responses to mycorrhizal fungi: a physiological and molecular assessment.
Fungi of French Guiana gathered in a taxonomic, environmental and molecular dataset.
Spontaneous Fungal Peritonitis as a Rare Complication of Ascites Secondary to Cardiac Cirrhosis: A Case Report.
Chemical Properties and Nutritional Value of Plant-Origin Glucosylceramide.
Molecular Detection of Filamentous Fungi in Formalin-Fixed Paraffin-Embedded Specimens in Invasive Fungal Wound Infections is Feasible with High Specificity.
The host-defense peptide piscidin P1 reorganizes lipid domains in membranes and decreases activation energies in mechanosensitive ion channels.
Regulation of Amino Acid Transport in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Early Events in Coccidioidomycosis.
Clinical analysis of microbiologically proven fungal keratitis according to prior topical steroid use: a retrospective study in South Korea.
Essential Oils and Their Natural Active Compounds Presenting Antifungal Properties.
Two XMAP215/TOG Microtubule Polymerases, Alp14 and Dis1, Play Non-Exchangeable, Distinct Roles in Microtubule Organisation in Fission Yeast.
Angularly Prenylated Indole Alkaloids with Antimicrobial and Insecticidal Activities from an Endophytic Fungus Fusarium sambucinum TE-6L.
Esophageal candidiasis in patients from a specialty hospital
In situ immune response in human dermatophytosis: possible role of Langerhans cells (CD1a+) as a risk factor for dermatophyte infection.
Metarhizium robertsii ammonium permeases (MepC and Mep2) contribute to rhizoplane colonization and modulates the transfer of insect derived nitrogen to plants.
Plant-microbe-soil fertility interaction impacts performance of a Bacillus-containing bioproduct on bell pepper.
A new diketopiperazine from an endophytic fungus Aspergillus aculeatus F027.
Disruption of the ergosterol biosynthetic pathway results in increased membrane permeability, causing overproduction and secretion of extracellular Monascus pigments in submerged fermentation.
Chromium tolerance and accumulation in Aspergillus flavus isolated from tannery effluent.
Zinc uptake in the Basidiomycota: Characterization of zinc transporters in Ustilago maydis.
Successful treatment with isavuconazole of subcutaneous phaeohyphomycosis in a kidney transplant recipient.
Molecular Typing of Candida glabrata.
Choosing the Right Antifungal Agent in ICU Patients.
Dual colonization of Mucoromycotina and Glomeromycotina fungi in the basal liverwort, Haplomitrium mnioides (Haplomitriopsida).
Exogenous abscisic acid and root volatiles increase sporulation of Rhizophagus irregularis DAOM 197198 in asymbiotic and pre-symbiotic status.
The White-Rot Basidiomycete Dichomitus squalens Shows Highly Specific Transcriptional Response to Lignocellulose-Related Aromatic Compounds.
Candida albicans cell wall integrity transcription factors regulate polymicrobial biofilm formation with Streptococcus gordonii.
16S rRNA Gene Amplicon Based Metagenomic Signatures of Rhizobiome Community in Rice Field During Various Growth Stages.
Multicenter Study Demonstrates Standardization Requirements for Mold Identification by MALDI-TOF MS.
Different Components of the RNA Interference Machinery Are Required for Conidiation, Ascosporogenesis, Virulence, Deoxynivalenol Production, and Fungal Inhibition by Exogenous Double-Stranded RNA in the Head Blight Pathogen Fusarium graminearum.
Crohn \' s Disease Presenting as Granulomatous Appendicitis.
Behind the veil - exploring the diversity in Phallus indusiatus s.l. (Phallomycetidae, Basidiomycota).
Fungi complements cancer.
Oregonensins A and B, new meroterpenoids from the culture broth of Ganoderma oregonense and their antioxidant activity.
Metabarcoding assessment of prokaryotic and eukaryotic taxa in sediments from Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary.
Rapid Phenotypic and Metabolomic Domestication of Wild Penicillium Molds on Cheese.
System-Wide Characterization of MoArf GTPase Family Proteins and Adaptor Protein MoGga1 Involved in the Development and Pathogenicity of Magnaporthe oryzae.
Combination of Proteogenomics with Peptide De Novo Sequencing Identifies New Genes and Hidden Posttranscriptional Modifications.
Antibiotics and Host-Tailored Probiotics Similarly Modulate Effects on the Developing Avian Microbiome, Mycobiome, and Host Gene Expression.
Preparation of diisononyl adipate in a solvent-free system via an immobilized lipase-catalyzed esterification.
Improved cellulase expression in diploid yeast strains enhanced consolidated bioprocessing of pretreated corn residues.
Identification and characterization of type III polyketide synthase genes from culturable endophytes of ethnomedicinal plants.
Protein engineering of GH11 xylanase from Aspergillus fumigatus RT-1 for catalytic efficiency improvement on kenaf biomass hydrolysis.
Identification and characterization of ferulic acid esterase from Penicillium chrysogenum 31B: de-esterification of ferulic acid decorated with l-arabinofuranoses and d-galactopyranoses in sugar beet pectin.
Aspergillus nidulans thermostable arginine deiminase-Dextran conjugates with enhanced molecular stability, proteolytic resistance, pharmacokinetic properties and anticancer activity.
Addition of new catalytic sites on the surface of versatile peroxidase for enhancement of LRET catalysis.
Phytohormones as stimulators to improve arachidonic acid biosynthesis in Mortierella alpina.
Enhancing thermal tolerance of a fungal GH11 xylanase guided by B-factor analysis and multiple sequence alignment.
Repression of mitochondrial metabolism for cytosolic pyruvate-derived chemical production in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Heterologous overexpression of bacterial hemoglobin VHb improves erythritol biosynthesis by yeast Yarrowia lipolytica.
A systematic survey of regional multi-taxon biodiversity: evaluating strategies and coverage.
The first case of Acrophialophora levis-induced severe pneumonia: a case report and literature review.
Case report: chronic relapsing cryptococcal meningitis in a patient with low mannose-binding lectin and a low naive CD4 cell count.
Effect of root exudates of Eucalyptus urophylla and Acacia mearnsii on soil microbes under simulated warming climate conditions.
High-throughput sequencing revealed differences of microbial community structure and diversity between healthy and diseased Caulerpa lentillifera.
Antibacterial and Antifungal Activity of Three Monosaccharide Monomyristate Derivatives.
Ellagic Acid Recovery by Solid State Fermentation of Pomegranate Wastes by Aspergillus niger and Saccharomyces cerevisiae: A Comparison.
Antimicrobial Activity and Mechanism of Functionalized Quantum Dots.
Exhibition of Local but Not Systemic Induced Phenolic Defenses in Vitis vinifera L. Affected by Brown Wood Streaking, Grapevine Leaf Stripe, and Apoplexy (Esca Complex).
First Isolation, Antifungal Susceptibility, and Molecular Characterization of Cryptococcus neoformans from the Environment in Croatia.
Bacteria, Fungi and Archaea Domains in Rhizospheric Soil and Their Effects in Enhancing Agricultural Productivity.
Two Novel er1 Alleles Conferring Powdery Mildew (Erysiphe pisi) Resistance Identified in a Worldwide Collection of Pea (Pisum sativum L.) Germplasms.
Nitrogen-Doped Hierarchical Meso/Microporous Carbon from Bamboo Fungus for Symmetric Supercapacitor Applications.
Microbial Control of Invasive Forest Pests with Entomopathogenic Fungi: A Review of the Current Situation.
Inhibition of Dephosphorylation of Dolichyl Diphosphate Alters the Synthesis of Dolichol and Hinders Protein N-Glycosylation and Morphological Transitions in Candida albicans.
Diversity, Distribution, and Ecology of Fungi in the Seasonal Snow of Antarctica.
Sesquiterpenoids from Artemisia vestita and Their Antifeedant and Antifungal Activities.
Evaluation of a Novel Mitochondrial Pan-Mucorales Marker for the Detection, Identification, Quantification, and Growth Stage Determination of Mucormycetes.
Biologically Active Metabolites from the Marine Sediment-Derived Fungus Aspergillus flocculosus.
Performance of Winter Wheat Cultivars Grown Organically and Conventionally with Focus on Fusarium Head Blight and Fusarium Trichothecene Toxins.
Antifungal Drugs: Special Problems Treating Central Nervous System Infections.
Labyrinth Metasurface for Biosensing Applications: Numerical Study on the New Paradigm of Metageometries.
Function of miR825 and miR825* as Negative Regulators in Bacillus cereus AR156-elicited Systemic Resistance to Botrytis cinerea in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Role of different microorganisms in remediating PAH-contaminated soils treated with compost or fungi.
Greater genetic and regulatory plasticity of retained duplicates in Epichloe endophytic fungi.
Experimental evolution reveals a general role for the methyltransferase Hmt1 in noise buffering.
The Saltol QTL-localized transcription factor OsGATA8 plays an important role in stress tolerance and seed development in Arabidopsis and rice.
Candida auris Infection.
QTL Mapping of Adult-Plant Resistance to Leaf and Stripe Rust in Wheat Cross SW 8588/Thatcher using the Wheat 55K SNP Array.
Detection and Quantification of Spongospora subterranea Sporosori in Soil by Quantitative Real-Time PCR.
Spotting sporotrichosis skin infection: The first Australian paediatric case series.
Purification of a potent mitogenic homodimeric Penicillium griseoroseum lectin and its characterisation.
Understanding interaction effect of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in rice under elevated carbon dioxide conditions.
Production of melanin pigments in saprophytic fungi in vitro and during infection.
International collaboration generates high quality clusters of pharmaceutical patents.
Diversity and dynamics of microbial communities in brown planthopper at different developmental stages revealed by high-throughput amplicon sequencing.
Novel Metabolites from the Endophytic Fungus Chaetomium subaffine L01.
Showing their mettle: Extraradical mycelia of arbuscular mycorrhizae form a metal filter to improve host Al tolerance and P nutrition.
PlantAFP: a curated database of plant-origin antifungal peptides.
The pathway of 2,2-dichlorovinyl dimethyl phosphate (DDVP) degradation by Trichoderma atroviride strain T23 and characterization of a paraoxonase-like enzyme.
Aflatoxin B1 enhances pyroptosis of hepatocytes and activation of Kupffer cells to promote liver inflammatory injury via dephosphorylation of cyclooxygenase-2: an in vitro, ex vivo and in vivo study.
Cinnamic Acid and Sorbic acid Conversion Are Mediated by the Same Transcriptional Regulator in Aspergillus niger.
Apocarotenoids: Old and New Mediators of the Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Symbiosis.
Ramf: An Open-Source R Package for Statistical Analysis and Display of Quantitative Root Colonization by Arbuscular Mycorrhiza Fungi.
Inactivation of UDP-Glucose Sterol Glucosyltransferases Enhances Arabidopsis Resistance to Botrytis cinerea.
Effect of Co-inhabiting Coagulase Negative Staphylococci on S. aureus agr Quorum Sensing, Host Factor Binding, and Biofilm Formation.
Phylogenetic Analyses of Some Melanoleuca Species (Agaricales, Tricholomataceae) in Northern China, With Descriptions of Two New Species and the Identification of Seven Species as a First Record.
Methane Production and Bioactivity-A Link to Oxido-Reductive Stress.
Ectomycorrhizal fungal communities in ice-age relict forests of Pinus pumila on nine mountains correspond to summer temperature.
A Modified Moving Window Partial Least Squares Method by Coupling with Sampling Error Profile Analysis for Variable Selection in Near Infrared Spectral Analysis.
Invasive, gangrenous mucormycosis of arm: A fatal opportunistic infection in a highly immunocompromised host.
A tetrapeptide class of biased analgesics from an Australian fungus targets the micro-opioid receptor.
Scientific frontiers in faecal microbiota transplantation: joint document of Asia-Pacific Association of Gastroenterology (APAGE) and Asia-Pacific Society for Digestive Endoscopy (APSDE).
Combination immunotherapy with passive antibody and sulfasalazine accelerates fungal clearance and promotes the resolution of Pneumocystis associated immunopathogenesis.
Cutaneous Fungal Masses From Prior Environmental Injury Following Kidney Transplant: A Case Report.
Overexpression of the gene encoding alternative oxidase for enhanced glucose consumption in oxalic acid producing Aspergillus niger expressing oxaloacetate hydrolase gene.
Metabolomics analyses of the combined effects of lactic acid bacteria and Penicillium camemberti on the generation of volatile compounds in model mold-surface-ripened cheeses.
Process optimization for the production of high-concentration ethanol with Scenedesmus raciborskii biomass.
Effect of exogenous methyl jasmonate treatment on disease resistance of postharvest kiwifruit.
New 2,6-diaminopyridines containing a sterically hindered benzylphosphonate moiety in the aromatic core as potential antioxidant and anti-cancer drugs.
Exopeptidase treatment combined with Maillard reaction modification of protein hydrolysates derived from porcine muscle and plasma: Structure-taste relationship.
Toxic trace elements in dried mushrooms: Effects of cooking and gastrointestinal digestion on food safety.
MrMid2, encoding a cell wall stress sensor protein, is required for conidium production, stress tolerance, microsclerotium formation and virulence in the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium rileyi.
Ecology and Evolution of Insect-Fungus Mutualisms.
GPCR-mediated glucose sensing system regulates light-dependent fungal development and mycotoxin production.
Molecular mapping of loci conferring susceptibility to spot blotch and resistance to powdery mildew in barley using the sequencing-based genotyping approach.
Differential interaction of the dark septate endophyte Cadophora sp. and fungal pathogens in vitro and in planta.
Complex evolutionary origins of specialized metabolite gene cluster diversity among the plant pathogenic fungi of the Fusarium graminearum species complex.
Effect of a fungus, Hypoxylon spp., on endophytes in the roots of Asparagus.
Myeloid C-type lectin receptors that recognize fungal mannans interact with Pneumocystis organisms and major surface glycoprotein.
Genetic diversity and antifungal susceptibility patterns of Aspergillus nidulans complex obtained from clinical and environmental sources.
Report-Biochemical and molecular characterization of catalase enzyme in the saprobic fungus: Sordaria fimicola.
Identification and control of specific aflatoxin-producing fungi in stored maize seeds in awka using azadirachta indica (neem) and garcinia kola seeds.
Formulation, characterization and in vitro evaluation of antifungal activity of Nystatin micro emulsion for topical application.
Evaluation of the efficacy and toxicity of massoia oil nanoemulsion.
Substrate docking and molecular dynamic simulation for prediction of fungal enzymes from Trichoderma species-assisted extraction of nanocellulose from oil palm leaves.
Concomitant Antrochoanal Polyp and Fungus Ball in Unilateral Maxillary Sinus.
The polyphagous plant pathogenic fungus Botrytis cinerea encompasses host-specialized and generalist populations.
Linking lipid transfer with reduced arbuscule formation in tomato roots colonized by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus under low pH stress.
Lysine acetylation contributes todevelopment, aflatoxin biosynthesis and pathogenicity in Aspergillus flavus.
In Ganoderma lucidum, Glsnf1 regulates cellulose degradation by inhibiting GlCreA during the utilization of cellulose.
The Myth of Mycotoxins and Mold Injury.
Role of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi in Plant Growth Regulation: Implications in Abiotic Stress Tolerance.
Tal6 From Trichoderma atroviride Is a LysM Effector Involved in Mycoparasitism and Plant Association.
LC-MS-Based Metabolomic Approach Revealed the Significantly Different Metabolic Profiles of Five Commercial Truffle Species.
Cyclophosphamide Treatment Mimics Sub-Lethal Infections With Encephalitozoon intestinalis in Immunocompromised Individuals.
Global Analysis of Cell Wall Genes Revealed Putative Virulence Factors in the Dermatophyte Trichophyton rubrum.
The Bacterial Microbiome Associated With Arid Biocrusts and the Biogeochemical Influence of Biocrusts Upon the Underlying Soil.
Austalides V and W, new meroterpenoids from the fungus Aspergillus ustus and their antitumor activities.
Unconventional Cell Division Cycles from Marine-Derived Yeasts.
[Clinical Analysis of 164 Children of Blood Disease Complicated with Invasive Fungal Disease].
Talaromyces australis and Penicillium murcianum pigment production in optimized liquid cultures and evaluation of their cytotoxicity in textile applications.
Double-sided battle: The role of ethylene during Monilinia spp. infection in peach at different phenological stages.
Chemical composition, sensorial properties, and aroma-active compounds of ciders fermented with Hanseniaspora osmophila and Torulaspora quercuum in co- and sequential fermentations.
Functional effects of phytate-degrading, probiotic lactic acid bacteria and yeast strains isolated from Iranian traditional sourdough on the technological and nutritional properties of whole wheat bread.
Cytotoxicity and antimicrobial effects of citronella oil (Cymbopogon nardus) and commercial mouthwashes on S. aureus and C. albicans biofilms in prosthetic materials.
The Candida albicans exotoxin Candidalysin promotes alcohol-associated liver disease.
Phaeohyphomycosis due to Exophiala spinifera greatly improved by ALA-PDT: A case report.
Stripe Rust Effector PstGSRE1 Disrupts Nuclear Localization of ROS-Promoting Transcription Factor TaLOL2 to Defeat ROS-Induced Defense in Wheat.
Natural Host-Induced Gene Silencing Offers New Opportunities to Engineer Disease Resistance.
Glyphosate but not Roundup  harms earthworms (Eisenia fetida).
Biogenic nanoparticles: Synthesis, stability and biocompatibility mediated by proteins of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
From flasks to single used bioreactor: Scale-up of solid state fermentation process for metabolites and conidia production by Trichoderma asperellum.
Identification, characterization, and antifungal activity of cysteine peptidases from Calotropis procera latex.
Two 14-3-3 proteins contribute to nitrogen sensing through the TOR and glutamine synthetase-dependent pathways in Fusarium graminearum.
The presence of Aspergillus fumigatus in asthmatic airways is not clearly related to clinical disease severity.
Foraging Ecology of the Leaf-Cutter Ant, Acromyrmex subterraneus (Hymenoptera: Formicidae), in a Neotropical Cerrado Savanna.
Droplet digital polymerase chain reaction for rapid broad-spectrum detection of bloodstream infections.
Induction of defense-related genes in tomato plants after treatments with the biocontrol agents Pseudomonas chlororaphis ToZa7 and Clonostachys rosea IK726.
Structural basis for substrate specificity and regulation of nucleotide sugar transporters in the lipid bilayer.
Comparative Genomics and Transcriptomics to Analyze Fruiting Body Development in Filamentous Ascomycetes.
The functional and structural characterization of Trichoderma reesei dehydrogenase belonging to the PQQ dependent family of Carbohydrate-Active Enzymes Family AA12.
The Crystal Structure of the Catalytic Domain and the Cytochrome b Domain in a Eukaryotic PQQ-Dependent Dehydrogenase.
Succession of microbial decomposers is designated by litter type, but site conditions drive decomposition rates.
Transcription factor Atf1 regulates expression of cellulase and xylanase genes during solid-state fermentation of ascomycetes.
Differential soil fungus accumulation and density dependence of trees in a subtropical forest.
Small but powerful: Light-emitting diodes for inactivation of Aspergillus species in real water matrices.
Tritrophic Interactions Between an Invasive Weed (Lepidium latifolium), an Insect Herbivore (Bagrada hilaris), and a Plant Pathogenic Fungus (Albugo lepidii).
Amphibian skin-associated Pigmentiphaga: Genome sequence and occurrence across geography and hosts.
Autophagy is important to the acidogenic metabolism of Aspergillus niger.
Aspergillus fumigatus-Secreted Alkaline Protease 1 Mediates Airways Hyperresponsiveness in Severe Asthma.
A conserved GH17 glycosyl hydrolase from plant pathogenic Dothideomycetes releases a DAMP causing cell death in tomato.
Hypovirulent effect of the Cryphonectria Hypovirus 1 in British isolates of Cryphonectria parasitica.
Fungal and bacterial community dynamics in substrates during the cultivation of morels (Morchella rufobrunnea) indoors.
Rhizopogon olivaceotinctus increases its inoculum potential in heated soil independent of competitive release from other ectomycorrhizal fungi.
SIGS vs HIGS: a study on the efficacy of two dsRNA delivery strategies to silence Fusarium FgCYP51 genes in infected host and non-host plants.
Detection and characterization of a novel copper-dependent intermediate in a lytic polysaccharide monooxygenase.
Molecular and genetic basis of azole antifungal resistance in the opportunistic pathogenic fungus Candida albicans.
Interspecific gene exchange introduces high genetic variability in crop pathogen.
An optimised Cu(0)-RDRP approach for the synthesis of lipidated oligomeric vinyl azlactone: toward a versatile antimicrobial materials screening platform.
Profiling the microbial contamination in aviation fuel from an airport.
[A landscape of transcriptome analysis of three sclerotia growth stages in Polyporus umbellatus].
[Molecular identification of Armillaria gallica by PCR-RFLP analysis].
[Study on polysaccharide content and monosaccharide composition of Polyporus umbellatus from different production areas].
[Isolation and identification of endophytic fungi from Huperzia serrata and their metabolites \'  inhibitory activities against acetylcholinesterase and anti-inflammatory activities].
[Determination of arsenic speciation in 17 commonly used traditional Chinese herbal medicines by HPLC-ICP-MS].
Chitin deacetylases Cod4 and Cod7 are involved in polar growth of Aspergillus fumigatus.
Investigation of Monosodium Glutamate Alternatives for Content of Umami Substances and Their Enhancement Effects in Chicken Soup Compared to Monosodium Glutamate.
Batch and continuous studies on the removal of heavy metals from aqueous solution using biosynthesised melanin-coated PVDF membranes.
Endophytic fungi from the medicinal herb Euphorbia geniculata as a potential source for bioactive metabolites.
YO-001A, a new antifungal agent produced by Streptomyces sp. YO15-A001.
Modulation of the fungal mycobiome is regulated by the chitin-binding receptor FIBCD1.
Draft Genome Sequence of an Endophytic Biocontrol Bacterium, Bacillus velezensis PG12, Isolated from Apple Fruit.
[Dietary microelements intakes status of elderly people from different areas in Zhejiang Province in 2010-2012].
Epanorin, a lichen secondary metabolite, inhibits proliferation of MCF-7 breast cancer cells.
Efficient expression vectors and host strain for the production of recombinant proteins by Yarrowia lipolytica in process conditions.
Construction of a novel MK-4 biosynthetic pathway in Pichia pastoris through heterologous expression of HsUBIAD1.
Optimization of Saccharomyces cerevisiae alpha-galactosidase production and application in the degradation of raffinose family oligosaccharides.
Exploiting xylan as sugar donor for the synthesis of an antiproliferative xyloside using an enzyme cascade.
gas1 mutation extends chronological lifespan via Pmk1 and Sty1 MAPKs in Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
Diet-induced chronic syndrome, metabolically transformed trimethylamine-N-oxide, and the cardiovascular functions.
Genomics and LC-MS reveal diverse active secondary metabolites in Bacillus amyloliquefaciens WS-8.
Optimisation and Benchmarking of Targeted Amplicon Sequencing for Mycobiome Analysis of Respiratory Specimens.
One Small RNA of Fusarium graminearum Targets and Silences CEBiP Gene in Common Wheat.
Long-term effects of nitrogen and phosphorus fertilization on soil microbial community structure and function under continuous wheat production.
Metabarcoding of eukaryotic parasite communities describes diverse parasite assemblages spanning the primate phylogeny.
Mycorrhizal symbiosis down-regulates or does not change root aquaporin expression in trifoliate orange under drought stress.
Biotransformation of androstenedione and androstadienedione by selected Ascomycota and Zygomycota fungal strains.
Biopriming with Piriformospora indica ameliorates cadmium stress in rice by lowering oxidative stress and cell death in root cells.
Evolutionary innovation, fungal cell biology, and the lateral gene transfer of a viral KilA-N domain.
Genotyping of Enterocytozoon bieneusi among captive long-tailed macaques (Macaca fascicularis) in Hainan Province: high genetic diversity and zoonotic potential.
Calcium-Calmodulin-Calcineurin Signaling: A Globally Conserved Virulence Cascade in Eukaryotic Microbial Pathogens.
Particularly neglected in countries with other challenges: High Toxoplasma gondii seroprevalence in pregnant women in Kabul, Afghanistan, while a low proportion know about the parasite.
Identity and pathogenicity of some fungi associated with hazelnut (Corylus avellana L.) trunk cankers in Oregon.
Chitotetraose activates the fungal-dependent endosymbiotic signaling pathway in actinorhizal plant species.
Spliceosomal Prp8 intein at the crossroads of protein and RNA splicing.
Antibacterial and antifungal two phenolic sesquiterpenes from Dysoxylum densiflorum.
Use of Botanicals to Suppress Different Stages of the Life Cycle of Fusarium graminearum.
Root traits benefitting crop production in environments with limited water and nutrient availability.
Kresoxim-methyl and famoxadone as activators of toxigenic potential of Aspergillus carbonarius.
A Stealthy Fungal Attack Requires an Equally Clandestine Approach to Onychomycosis Treatment.
Sparticolins A-G, Biologically Active Oxidized Spirodioxynaphthalene Derivatives from the Ascomycete Sparticola junci.
Identification and characterization of new mutations in mitochondrial cytochrome b that confer resistance to bifenazate and acequinocyl in the spider mite Tetranychus urticae.
Sixty Years from Segretain \' s Description: What Have We Learned and Should Learn About the Basic Mycology of Talaromyces marneffei?
A Study about Co-Infection of Fungal Pathogens in Active Tuberculosis Patients.
Skeleton bones in museum indoor environments offer niches for fungi and are affected by weathering and deposition of secondary minerals.
Exploring the accuracy of amplicon-based internal transcribed spacer (ITS) markers for fungal community.
Two genes in a pathogenicity gene cluster encoding secreted proteins are required for appressorial penetration and infection of the maize anthracnose fungus Colletotrichum graminicola.
Dermatomycoses in the Israeli Defense Forces- Epidemiological and Clinical Aspects.
Glycosylated flavonoids: fruit \' s concealed antifungal arsenal.
Complete genome sequence of a novel partitivirus from the entomogenous fungus Beauveria bassiana in China.
Responses of Rhizospheric Microbial Communities of Native and Alien Plant Species to Cuscuta Parasitism.
Effect of temperature, pH, physical and chemical factors on germination rate of the chlamydospores of the nematophagous fungus Duddingtonia flagrans.
Development and Implementation of Multiplex TaqMan Array Cards for Specimen Testing at Child Health and Mortality Prevention Surveillance Site Laboratories.
Polymerase Chain Reaction and Its Application in the Diagnosis of Infectious Keratitis.
Biological Staining and Culturing in Infectious Keratitis: Controversy in Clinical Utility.
Chitinase genes from Metarhizium anisopliae for the control of whitefly in cotton.
Synthesis of acremines A, B and F and studies on the bisacremines.
Isolation of fungi using the diffusion chamber device FIND technology.
Overexpression of an NADP(H)-dependent glutamate dehydrogenase gene, TrGDH, from Trichurus improves nitrogen assimilation, growth status and grain weight per plant in rice.
Mycopyranone: a 8,8 \' -binaphthopyranone with potent anti-MRSA activity from the fungus Phialemoniopsis sp.
A sensor kinase controls turgor-driven plant infection by the rice blast fungus.
Chitosan Biosynthesis and Virulence in the Human Fungal Pathogen Cryptococcus gattii.
Secretion of Phospholipase Ddelta Functions as a Regulatory Mechanism in Plant Innate Immunity.
Comparative transcriptomics of Gymnosporangium spp. teliospores reveals a conserved genetic program at this specific stage of the rust fungal life cycle.
Coccidioidomycosis Chorioretinitis.
Aminoacids and Flavonoids Profiling in Tempranillo Berries Can Be Modulated by the Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi.
Morphological and Molecular Characterization of Three Endolichenic Isolates of Xylaria (Xylariaceae), from Cladonia curta Ahti &amp; Marcelli (Cladoniaceae).
9th Trends in Medical Mycology Held on 11-14 October 2019, Nice, France, Organized under the Auspices of EORTC-IDG and ECMM.
Genetic and Pathogenic Variability of Mycogone perniciosa Isolates Causing Wet Bubble Disease on Agaricus bisporus in China.
Genomic Insights into the Fungal Lignocellulolytic Machinery of Flammulina rossica.
Ultra-Structural Alterations in Botrytis cinerea-The Causal Agent of Gray Mold-Treated with Salt Solutions.
Microbiological study of used cosmetic products: highlighting possible impact on consumer health.
Interactions between Immune Response to Fungal Infection and MicroRNAs; the Pioneer Tuners.
Adjusting the Mode of Fermentation for the Coculture of Phytopathogenic Nigrospora oryzae and Irpex lacteus Induces Production of Antiphytopathogenic Metabolites and Squalenes and Eliminates Phytotoxins.
Relationships among wood-boring beetles, fungi, and the decomposition of forest biomass.
A LysM effector subverts chitin-triggered immunity to facilitate arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis.
Clade II Candida auris possess genomic structural variations related to an ancestral strain.
Majocchi \' s Granuloma in a High School Wrestler.
Emergence of Stemphylium Leaf Blight of Onion in New York Associated With Fungicide Resistance.
Verticillium isaacii is a Pathogen and Endophyte of Potato and Sunflower in the Columbia Basin of Washington.
Analysis of Changes in Oil Palm Canopy Architecture From Basal Stem Rot Using Terrestrial Laser Scanner.
Discovery of Novel Isothiazole, 1,2,3-Thiadiazole and Thiazole Based Cinnamamides as Fungicidal Candiate.
Enhancement of paraben-fungicidal activity by sulforaphane, a cruciferous vegetable-derived isothiocyanate, via membrane structural damage in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Inhibition of growth of U87MG human glioblastoma cells by Usnea longissima Ach.
Limtongozyma siamensis gen. nov., sp. nov., a yeast species in the Saccharomycetales and reassignment of Candida cylindracea to the genus Limtongozyma.
Spindle pole body duplication defective yeast cells are more prone to membrane damage.
A new pimarane diterpenoid from the Botryotinia fuckeliana fungus isolated from deep-sea water.
Enzyme-Decorated Covalent Organic Framework as a Nanoporous Platform for Heterogeneous Biocatalysis.
In-depth two-stage transcriptional reprogramming and evolutionary engineering of Saccharomyces cerevisiae for efficient bioethanol production from xylose with acetate.
Development and optimization of an intergeneric conjugation system and analysis of promoter activity in Streptomyces rimosus M527.
Beneficial mutations for carotenoid production identified from laboratory-evolved Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Combination of natural antimicrobials for contamination control in ethanol production.
Erratum: Microbial Community Structures and Important Associations Between Soil Nutrients and the Responses of Specific Taxa to Rice-Frog Cultivation.
Global airborne microbial communities controlled by surrounding landscapes and wind conditions.
Fungal dissemination is limited by liver macrophage filtration of the blood.
Lotus japonicus Symbiosis Genes Impact Microbial Interactions between Symbionts and Multikingdom Commensal Communities.
Bark coverage shifts assembly processes of microbial decomposer communities in dead wood.
Versatile and Dynamic Symbioses Between Insects and Burkholderia Bacteria.
The cytological basis of powdery mildew resistance in wild Chinese Vitis species.
Visible Light as an Inhibitor of Camplyobacter jejuni.
Population genomic analyses reveal connectivity via human-mediated transport across Populus plantations in North America and an undescribed sub-population of Sphaerulina musiva.
The genome sequence of five genotypes of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. vasinfectum: a resource for studies on Fusarium wilt of cotton.
Oxygenic Phototrophs Need zeta-Carotene Isomerase (Z-ISO) for Carotene Synthesis: Functional Analysis in Arthrospira and Euglena.
Mushroom intoxication, a fatal condition in Romanian children: Two case reports.
Scedosporium spp lung infection in immunocompetent patients: A systematic review and MOOSE-compliant meta-analysis.
Aspergillus incahuasiensis sp. nov., isolated from soil in the semi-arid region of northern Chile.
Odorants from the Thermal Treatment of Hydrolyzed Mushroom Protein and Cysteine Enhance Saltiness Perception.
Three novel insect-associated species of Simplicillium (Cordycipitaceae, Hypocreales) from Southwest China.
qPCR and loop mediated isothermal amplification for rapid detection of Ustilago tritici.
Extracellular vesicles in host-pathogen interactions and immune regulation - exosomes as emerging actors in the immunological theater of pregnancy.
Oxidative stress in microbes after exposure to iron nanoparticles: analysis of aldehydes as oxidative damage products of lipids and proteins.
Characterization of a probiotic starter culture with anti-Candida activity for Chinese pickle fermentation.
Environmental stimuli drive a transition from cooperation to competition in synthetic phototrophic communities.
Fungi accelerate pancreatic cancer.
Democratized image analytics by visual programming through integration of deep models and small-scale machine learning.
Structural analysis of fungal pathogenicity-related casein kinase alpha subunit, Cka1, in the human fungal pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans.
Effect of Paecilomyces tenuipes Extract on Testosterone-Induced Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia in Sprague-Dawley Rats.
External Quality Assessment Evaluating the Ability of Dutch Clinical Microbiological Laboratories to Identify Candida auris.
Microbial Interactions in Oral Communities Mediate Emergent Biofilm Properties.
A Comprehensive Insight on the Health Benefits and Phytoconstituents of Camellia sinensis and Recent Approaches for Its Quality Control.
The Use of Candida pyralidae and Pichia kluyveri to Control Spoilage Microorganisms of Raw Fruits Used for Beverage Production.
In Vitro Activity of Neem (Azadirachta indica) Oil on Growth and Ochratoxin A Production by Aspergillus carbonarius Isolates.
Electrospun 5-chloro-8-hydroxyquinoline-Loaded Cellulose Acetate/Polyethylene Glycol Antifungal Membranes Against Esca.
Phytohormones (Auxin, Gibberellin) and ACC Deaminase In Vitro Synthesized by the Mycoparasitic Trichoderma DEMTkZ3A0 Strain and Changes in the Level of Auxin and Plant Resistance Markers in Wheat Seedlings Inoculated with this Strain Conidia.
Chemical Compositions of Propolis from China and the United States and their Antimicrobial Activities Against Penicillium notatum.
Microbial Symbionts of Parasitoids.
Options for Improved Phosphorus Cycling and Use in Agriculture at the Field and Regional Scales.
Increased fecundity of Aphis fabae on Vicia faba plants following seed or leaf inoculation with the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana.
A hidden battle in the dirt: Soil amoebae interactions with Paracoccidioides spp.
C18H17NO6 Inhibits Invasion and Migration of Human MNNG Osteosarcoma Cells via the PI3K/AKT Signaling Pathway.
Parallel Concerted Evolution of Ribosomal Protein Genes in Fungi and Its Adaptive Significance.
Natural DNA Intercalators as Promising Therapeutics for Cancer and Infectious Diseases.
Virulence Factors in Sporothrix schenckii, One of the Causative Agents of Sporotrichosis.
Effect of green garlic/cucumber crop rotation for 3 years on the dynamics of soil properties and cucumber yield in Chinese anthrosol.
Carotenoids as natural functional pigments.
Secondary metabolites from Diaporthe lithocarpus isolated from Artocarpus heterophyllus.
Rhizophagus intraradices promotes alfalfa (Medicago sativa) defense against pea aphids (Acyrthosiphon pisum) revealed by RNA-Seq analysis.
Biodegradation of NSAIDs and their effect on the activity of ligninolytic enzymes from Pleurotus djamor.
Mushrooms: an emerging resource for therapeutic terpenoids.
Epidemiological profile of eumycetomas in Rabat, Morocco, over 40 years.
Short communication: Production performance and nutrient digestibility of lactating dairy cows fed diets with and without addition of a live-yeast supplement.
Combined cultivation and single-cell approaches to the phylogenomics of nucleariid amoebae, close relatives of fungi.
Bioprocess optimization of laccase production through solid substrate fermentation using Perenniporia tephropora - L168 and its application in bioremediation of triaryl-methane dye.
A low cost alternative, using mycorrhiza and organic fertilizer, to optimize the production of foliar bioactive compounds in pomegranates.
Iatrogenic pneumothorax following vigorous suctioning of mucus plug during flexible bronchoscopy.
Inhibition of Rhizoctonia solani RhCh-14 and Pythium ultimum PyFr-14 by Paenibacillus polymyxa NMA1017 and Burkholderia cenocepacia CACua-24: A proposal for biocontrol of phytopathogenic fungi.
Rapid discrimination of fungal species by the colony fingerprinting.
Ganoderma lucidum spore oil induces apoptosis of breast cancer cells in vitro and in vivo by activating caspase-3 and caspase-9.
Bacteria and fungi in acute cholecystitis. A prospective study comparing next generation sequencing to culture.
Fungal microbiome in colorectal cancer: a systematic review.
Investigating the Role of Animal Burrows on the Ecology and Distribution of Coccidioides spp. in Arizona Soils.
The Effect of Entomopathogenic Fungi on Enzymatic Activity in Chlorpyrifos-Resistant Mosquitoes, Culex quinquefasciatus (Diptera: Culicidae).
Pathogenicity of an Indigenous Strain of the Entomopathogenic Fungus Metarhizium anisopliae (Hypocreales: Clavicipitaceae) (MET-GRA4 Strain) as a Potential Biological Control Agent Against the Red Palm Weevil (Coleoptera: Dryophthoridae).
Differential Susceptibility of Bagrada hilaris (Hemiptera: Pentatomidae) to Different Species of Fungal Pathogens.
Understanding the phyllosphere microbiome assemblage in grape species (Vitaceae) with amplicon sequence data structures.
Galewone, an Anti-Fibrotic Polyketide from Daldinia eschscholzii with an Undescribed Carbon Skeleton.
An Internally Quenched Fluorescent Peptide Substrate for Protealysin.
Biosynthesis of silver nanoparticles employing Trichoderma harzianum with enzymatic stimulation for the control of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
Monitoring cytosolic H2O2 fluctuations arising from altered plasma membrane gradients or from mitochondrial activity.
Efficient inter-species conjugative transfer of a CRISPR nuclease for targeted bacterial killing.
Glucose-mediated repression of plant biomass utilization in the white-rot fungus Dichomitus squalens.
A Diversity of Selective Autophagy Receptors Determines the Specificity of the Autophagy Pathway.
A new PacBio genome sequence of an Australian Pyrenophora tritici-repentis race 1 isolate.
Controlling the Diffusion of Multidrug-Resistant Organisms in Intensive Care Units.
Infestation mechanisms of two woodborer species in the mangrove Sonneratia alba J. Smith in Kenya and co-occurring endophytic fungi.
Oil crop wastes as substrate candidates for enhancing erythritol production by modified Yarrowia lipolytica via one-step solid state fermentation.
Nucleotide sugar transporters of Entamoeba histolytica and Entamoeba invadens involved in chitin synthesis.
The effects of manipulating levels of replication initiation factors on origin firing efficiency in yeast.
Kinetochore-associated Stu2 promotes chromosome biorientation in vivo.
Histone deposition promotes recombination-dependent replication at arrested forks.
Dynamics of the microbial community during growth of the house dust mite Dermatophagoides farinae in culture.
Soil is not a reservoir for Phellinus noxius.
Late-Stage C-H Functionalization of Nicotinamides for the Expedient Discovery of Novel Antifungal Leads.
Endophytic association of bioactive and halotolerant Humicola fuscoatra with halophytic plants, and its capability of producing anthraquinone and anthranol derivatives.
Evaluation of ethanedinitrile (EDN) as a preplant soil fumigant in Florida Strawberry Production.
Reconstruction of Protein-Protein Interaction Networks Using Homology-Based Search: Application to the Autophagy Pathway of Aging in Podospora anserina.
Metabolic engineering with ATP-citrate lyase and nitrogen source supplementation improves itaconic acid production in Aspergillus niger.
Discovery, activity and characterisation of an AA10 lytic polysaccharide oxygenase from the shipworm symbiont Teredinibacter turnerae.
FACT mediates cohesin function on chromatin.
Cryo-EM structure and dynamics of eukaryotic DNA polymerase delta holoenzyme.
Povidone-Iodine versus antibiotic irrigation in breast implant surgery: Revival of the ideal solution.
Galactan isolated from Cantharellus cibarius modulates antitumor immune response by converting tumor-associated macrophages toward M1-like phenotype.
Chitosan/gallnut tannins composite fiber with improved tensile, antibacterial and fluorescence properties.
The antioxidant and antifungal activity of chitosan derivatives bearing Schiff bases and quaternary ammonium salts.
A systematic review on anti-malarial drug discovery and antiplasmodial potential of green synthesis mediated metal nanoparticles: overview, challenges and future perspectives.
Supplementation with Saccharomyces boulardii Increases the Maximal Oxygen Consumption and Maximal Aerobic Speed Attained by Rats Subjected to an Incremental-Speed Exercise.
Antidiabetic and Antihyperlipidemic Effects of Sulphurenic Acid, a Triterpenoid Compound from Antrodia camphorata, in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Mice.
Chemical Composition and Biological Activities of Artemisia pedemontana subsp. assoana Essential Oils and Hydrolate.
Physical Mapping of Stem Rust Resistance Gene Sr52 from Dasypyrum villosum Based on ph1b-Induced Homoeologous Recombination.
Agaricus blazei-Based Mushroom Extract Supplementation to Birch Allergic Blood Donors: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Repositionable Compounds with Antifungal Activity against Multidrug Resistant Candida auris Identified in the Medicines for Malaria Venture \' s Pathogen Box.
Search and Selection of Probiotics That Improve Mucositis Symptoms in Oncologic Patients. A Systematic Review.
Genetic relationships between the RACK1 homolog cpc-2 and heterotrimeric G protein subunit genes in Neurospora crassa.
Analysis of the protein composition of the spindle pole body during sporulation in Ashbya gossypii.
Longitudinal In Vivo Assessment of Host-Microbe Interactions in a Murine Model of Pulmonary Aspergillosis.
Molecular Subtyping of Blastocystis from Diverse Animals in the United Arab Emirates.
Genome and transcriptome analysis of the latent pathogen &lt;i&gt;Lasiodiplodia theobromae&lt;/i&gt;, an emerging threat to the cacao industry.
Assessment of microbiological aerosol concentration in selected healthcare facilities in southern Poland.
Mycobiont contribution to tundra plant acquisition of permafrost-derived nitrogen.
Pulmonary Coccidioidomycosis Mimicking Aspergillosis Fungus Ball.
Polyketides with quorum sensing inhibitory activity from the marine-derived fungus Aspergillus sp. ZF-79.
Evaluation of neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio in predicting bloodstream infection.
Volatile-mediated antagonism of soil bacterial communities against fungi.
Horizontal Transmission of the Entomopathogenic Fungal Isolate INRS-242 of Beauveria bassiana in Emerald Ash Borer, Agrilus planipennis.
Pseudodematiaceous Fungi in Rhinosinusal Biopsies: Report of 2 Cases With Light and Electron Microscopy Analysis.
De Novo Blister Aneurysm Formation in 16 Days Associated with Mucorales Fungi.
Microbial communities associated with the black morel Morchella sextelata cultivated in greenhouses.
Effects of Trichophyton mentagrophytes infection on the immune response of rabbits.
Perspectives on the utilization of resistance mechanisms from host and nonhost plants for durable protection of Brassica crops against Alternaria blight.
Fungal Endogenous Endophthalmitis Secondary to Magnusiomyces capitatus.
Rare indolent zygomycosis caused by subcutaneous Saksenaea vasiformis infection.
The chloroplast genome of the lichen-symbiont microalga Trebouxia sp. Tr9 (Trebouxiophyceae, Chlorophyta) shows short inverted repeats with a single gene and loss of the rps4 gene, which is encoded by the nucleus.
Evaluation of the Abundance of Fungi in Wastewater Treatment Plants Using Quantitative PCR (qPCR).
She Loves Me, She Loves Me Not: On the Dualistic Asexual/Sexual Nature of Dermatophyte Fungi.
Production of metabolites with antioxidant activity by Botryosphaeria dothidea in submerged fermentation.
The fungal mycobiome promotes pancreatic oncogenesis via activation of MBL.
Structure of the inner kinetochore CCAN complex assembled onto a centromeric nucleosome.
Deciphering bacterial and fungal endophyte communities in leaves of two maple trees with green islands.
Tradeoffs in hyphal traits determine mycelium architecture in saprobic fungi.
mSphere of Influence: the Power of Yeast Genetics Still Going Strong!
Invasive endemic fungi of the Western Hemisphere.
S-Adenosylmethionine-Dependent Methyltransferase Helps Pichia caribbica Degrade Patulin.
Prospective Study of Microbial Colorants Under Focus of Patent Documents.
Draft Genome Sequences of Elsinoe fawcettii and Elsinoe australis causing scab diseases on citrus.
Does the latent period of leaf fungal pathogens reflect their trophic type? A meta-analysis of biotrophs, hemibiotrophs and necrotrophs.
Effect of exogenous stress factors on the biosynthesis of carotenoids and lipids by Rhodotorula yeast strains in media containing agro-industrial waste.
Biocontrol yeasts: mechanisms and applications.
Advances on research in the use of agro-industrial waste in biosurfactant production.
Effects of Lecanicillium lecanii strain JMC-01 on the physiology, biochemistry, and mortality of Bemisia tabaci Q-biotype nymphs.
CRISPR might be the banana \' s only hope against a deadly fungus.
Diversity, Co-occurrence and Implications of Fungal Communities in Wastewater Treatment Plants.
Effects of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on rice-herbivore interactions are soil-dependent.
Amphipod parasites may bias results of ecotoxicological research.
Parasites influence cannibalistic and predatory interactions within and between native and invasive amphipods.
Pathogens of Dikerogammarus haemobaphes regulate host activity and survival, but also threaten native amphipod populations in the UK.
Pathogens and other symbionts of the Amphipoda: taxonomic diversity and pathological significance.
New Mitochondrial Targets in Fungal Pathogens.
On the Emergence of Cryptococcus gattii in the Pacific Northwest: Ballast Tanks, Tsunamis, and Black Swans.
Hydrodynamic Shape Changes Underpin Nuclear Rerouting in Branched Hyphae of an Oomycete Pathogen.
Mycelium Polysaccharides from Termitomyces albuminosus Attenuate CCl4-Induced Chronic Liver Injury Via Inhibiting TGFbeta1/Smad3 and NF-kappaB Signal Pathways.
Unraveling the Detoxification Mechanism of 2,4-Dichlorophenol by Marine-Derived Mesophotic Symbiotic Fungi Isolated from Marine Invertebrates.
Atypical Dermatophytosis in 12 North American Porcupines (Erethizon dorsatum) from the Northeastern United States 2010-2017.
The First Two Cases of Candida auris in The Netherlands.
Investigating the potential of sunflower species, fermented palm wine and Pleurotus ostreatus for treatment of petroleum-contaminated soil.
Hexavalent chromium stress response, reduction capability and bioremediation potential of Trichoderma sp. isolated from electroplating wastewater.
High-throughput analysis of genes involved in biocontrol performance of Pseudomonas fluorescens NBC275 against gray mold.
An evolutionary signal to fungal succession during plant litter decay.
Bipolaricins A-I, Ophiobolin-Type Tetracyclic Sesterterpenes from a Phytopathogenic Bipolaris sp. Fungus.
[Fungal keratitis after penetrating keratoplasty].
Epidermophyton floccosum: nucleotide sequence analysis and antifungal susceptibility testing of 40 clinical isolates.
Effects of Temperature and pH on Fusarium oxysporum and Soybean Seedling Disease.
Rapid Detection of Alternaria Species Involved in Pear Black Spot Using Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification.
Relating Peanut Rx Risk Factors to Epidemics of Early and Late Leaf Spot of Peanut.
Antibiotic-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Does Not Develop Resistance to Vanillic Acid and 2-Hydroxycinnamic Acid after Continuous Exposure in Vitro.
Differentiating Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis and B. salamandrivorans in Amphibian Chytridiomycosis Using RNAScope  in situ Hybridization.
Protein Kinases at the Intersection of Translation and Virulence.
Prevalence of microbial contamination in donor corneas.
Historical and current perspectives on therapeutic potential of higher basidiomycetes: an overview.
Isolation and identification of the spoilage microorganisms in Sichuan homemade Paocai and their impact on quality and safety.
Genome expansion by allopolyploidization in the fungal strain Coniochaeta 2T2.1 and its exceptional lignocellulolytic machinery.
Application of Flow Cytometry in the Diagnostics Pipeline of Primary Immunodeficiencies Underlying Disseminated Talaromyces marneffei Infection in HIV-Negative Children.
Both Galactosaminogalactan and alpha-1,3-Glucan Contribute to Aggregation of Aspergillus oryzae Hyphae in Liquid Culture.
Cohort description: The Danish Blood Donor Staphylococcus aureus Carriage Study.
Vismione B Interferes with Trypanosoma cruzi Infection of Vero Cells and Human Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes.
Soil microbes that may accompany climate warming increase alpine plant production.
T-2 toxin neurotoxicity: role of oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction.
Natural variation in ZmFBL41 confers banded leaf and sheath blight resistance in maize.
Detecting sequence signals in targeting peptides using deep learning.
Spore Germination as a Target for Antifungal Therapeutics.
In vitro antifungal, antibacterial activities and nutritional value of nine Cameroonian edible vegetables.
UHPLC-HRMSn Analysis Reveals the Dynamic Metabonomic Responses of Salvia miltiorrhiza Hairy Roots to Polysaccharide Fraction from Trichoderma atroviride.
High-Level Heterologous Expression of Endo-1,4-beta-Xylanase from Penicillium citrinum in Pichia pastoris X-33 Directed through Codon Optimization and Optimized Expression.
Function of crzA in Fungal Development and Aflatoxin Production in Aspergillus flavus.
Array of Metabolites in Italian Hericium erinaceus Mycelium, Primordium, and Sporophore.
Molecular Characterization of the Transcription Factors in Susceptible Poplar Infected with Virulent Melampsora larici-populina.
Degradation of Four Major Mycotoxins by Eight Manganese Peroxidases in Presence of a Dicarboxylic Acid.
Anti-Inflammatory Activity of the Wild Mushroom, Echinodontium tinctorium, in RAW264.7 Macrophage Cells and Mouse Microcirculation.
Poria cocus Wolf Extract Ameliorates Hepatic Steatosis through Regulation of Lipid Metabolism, Inhibition of ER Stress, and Activation of Autophagy via AMPK Activation.
Comparison of Gene Expression Profiles of Uropathogenic Escherichia Coli CFT073 after Prolonged Exposure to Subinhibitory Concentrations of Different Biocides.
Double the Chemistry, Double the Fun: Structural Diversity and Biological Activity of Marine-Derived Diketopiperazine Dimers.
Antimicrobial Sesquiterpenoid Derivatives and Monoterpenoids from the Deep-Sea Sediment-Derived Fungus Aspergillus versicolor SD-330.
Effect of the Chemical Composition of Free-Terpene Hydrocarbons Essential Oils on Antifungal Activity.
The Heterologous Expression of a Chrysanthemum nankingense TCP Transcription Factor Blocks Cell Division in Yeast and Arabidopsis thaliana.
Mapping the Biotransformation of Coumarins through Filamentous Fungi.
Identification of Mycoses in Developing Countries.
A Comprehensive Review of Bioactive Peptides from Marine Fungi and Their Biological Significance.
ZCMM: A Novel Method Using Z-Curve Theory- Based and Position Weight Matrix for Predicting Nucleosome Positioning.
Antifungal Properties of Fucus vesiculosus L. Supercritical Fluid Extract Against Fusarium culmorum and Fusarium oxysporum.
Crystal Structure of Kluyveromyces lactis Glucokinase (KlGlk1).
Characterization, Antioxidant, Anti-Aging and Organ Protective Effects of Sulfated Polysaccharides from Flammulina velutipes.
Initial soil community drives heathland fungal community trajectory over multiple years through altered plant-soil interactions.
The leaf lipid composition of ectomycorrhizal oak plants shows a drought-tolerance signature.
Taxon-rich Multigene Phylogenetic Analyses Resolve the Phylogenetic Relationship Among Deep-branching Stramenopiles.
Opposing signaling pathways regulate morphology in response to temperature in the fungal pathogen Histoplasma capsulatum.
Repair of multiple simultaneous double-strand breaks causes bursts of genome-wide clustered hypermutation.
Antifungal effects of a 1,3,4-thiadiazole derivative determined by cytochemical and vibrational spectroscopic studies.
Sugar transporters in Fabaceae, featuring SUT MST and SWEET families of the model plant Medicago truncatula and the agricultural crop Pisum sativum.
The clinical value of IL-3, IL-4, IL-12p70, IL17A, IFN-gamma, MIP-1beta, NLR, P-selectin, and TNF-alpha in differentiating bloodstream infections caused by gram-negative, gram-positive bacteria and fungi in hospitalized patients: An Observational Study.
Antibiotic Susceptibility and Therapy in Central Line Infections in Pediatric Home Parenteral Nutrition Patients.
Primary immunodeficiencies and invasive fungal infection: when to suspect and how to diagnose and manage.
Phospholipid Scramblases Remodel the Shape of Asymmetric Membranes.
Immunomodulatory Effect of Structurally Characterized Mushroom Sclerotial Polysaccharides Isolated from Polyporus rhinocerus on Bone Marrow Dendritic Cells.
Amorphophallus konjac Anthracnose Caused by Colletotrichum siamense in China.
Immunofluorescence Labelling of Human and Murine Neutrophil Extracellular Traps in Paraffin-Embedded Tissue.
A comprehensive review on enzymatic degradation of the organophosphate pesticide malathion in the environment.
A comparative study on the structures of Grifola frondosa polysaccharides obtained by different decolourization methods and their in vitro antioxidant activities.
Isolation methods of high glycosidase-producing mutants of Aspergillus luchuensis and its mutated genes.
A Comparison of Isolation Methods for Black Fungi Degrading Aromatic Toxins.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi alter the food utilization, growth, development and reproduction of armyworm (Mythimna separata) fed on Bacillus thuringiensis maize.
Plant host and drought shape the root associated fungal microbiota in rice.
Bioactive Compound Produced by Endophytic Fungi Isolated From Pelargonium sidoides Against Selected Bacteria of Clinical Importance.
Antifungal Activities of Streptomyces blastmyceticus Strain 12-6 Against Plant Pathogenic Fungi.
Biosorption Potential of Phanerochaete chrysosporium for Arsenic, Cadmium, and Chromium Removal from Aqueous Solutions.
Delayed Diagnosis in a Case of Smoldering Sporotrichal Monoarthropathy.
Esophageal cancer in Mozambique: should mycotoxins be a concern?
Phylogeny and species delimitations in the entomopathogenic genus Beauveria (Hypocreales, Ascomycota), including the description of B. peruviensis sp. nov.
Prospective survey of Aspergillus species isolated from clinical specimens and their antifungal susceptibility: A five-year single-center study in Japan.
Resisting Antimicrobial Resistance: Lessons from Fungus Farming Ants.
Non-heme iron enzyme-catalyzed complex transformations: Endoperoxidation, cyclopropanation, orthoester, oxidative C-C and C-S bond formation reactions in natural product biosynthesis.
A new epimer of azaphilone derivative pinophilin B from the gorgonian-derived fungus Aspergillus fumigatus 14-27.
Effects of cadmium-resistant plant growth-promoting rhizobacteria and Funneliformis mosseae on the cadmium tolerance of tomato (Lycopersicon esculentum L.).
Biocatalytic Synthesis of Lipophilic Baicalin Derivatives as Antimicrobial Agents.
Pi5 and Pii Paired NLRs Are Functionally Exchangeable and Confer Similar Disease Resistance Specificity.
Exploring evolutionary theories of plant defence investment using field populations of the deadly carrot.
Effects of a blend of Saccharomyces cerevisiae-based direct-fed microbial and fermentation products in the diet of newly weaned beef steers: Growth performance, whole-blood immune gene expression, serum biochemistry and plasma metabolome.
Soil chloride content influences the response of bacterial but not fungal diversity to silver nanoparticles entering soil via wastewater treatment processing.
Edible fungus slag derived nitrogen-doped hierarchical porous carbon as a high-performance adsorbent for rapid removal of organic pollutants from water.
Bioflocculation of cyanobacteria with pellets of Aspergillus niger: Effects of carbon supplementation, pellet diameter, and other factors in biomass densification.
Soil organic matter prevails over heavy metal pollution and vegetation as a factor shaping soil microbial communities at historical Zn-Pb mining sites.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of tetrazole derivatives as TNF-alpha, IL-6 and COX-2 inhibitors with antimicrobial activity: Computational analysis, molecular modeling study and region-specific cyclization using 2D NMR tools.
Challenges to elucidating how endornaviruses influence fungal hosts: creating mycovirus-free isogenic fungal lines and testing them.
The effect of various doses of an exogenous acid protease on the fermentation and nutritive value of corn silage.
Effects of earthworms and white-tailed deer on roots, arbuscular mycorrhizae, and forest seedling performance.
Salt stress alleviation in Pennisetum glaucum through secondary metabolites modulation by Aspergillus terreus.
PDR-like ABC systems in pathogenic fungi.
Effects of Rhodotorula mucilaginosa fermentation product on the laying performance, egg quality, jejunal mucosal morphology, and intestinal microbiota of hens.
Characterization of the active fragments of Spodoptera litura Lebocin-1.
Understanding the Role of Pro-resolving Lipid Mediators in Infectious Keratitis.
Glucose starvation induces mitochondrial fragmentation depending on the dynamin GTPase Dnm1/Drp1 in fission yeast.
Identification of 2CS-CHXT operon signature of chlorhexidine tolerance among Enterococcus faecium.
Double positive CD4+CD8+ T cells are part of the adaptive immune response against Candida albicans.
Speciation, Biofilm Formation and Antifungal Susceptibility of Candida Isolates from Clinically Diagnosed Patient of UTI in a Tertiary Care Hospital.
Mildew Resistance Locus O Genes CsMLO1 and CsMLO2 Are Negative Modulators of the Cucumis sativus Defense Response to Corynespora cassiicola.
Copper, Manganese, Selenium and Zinc in Wild-Growing Edible Mushrooms from the Eastern Territory of "Green Lungs of Poland": Nutritional and Toxicological Implications.
Characterization of Eight Novel Spiroleptosphols from Fusarium avenaceum.
Asperienes A-D, Bioactive Sesquiterpenes from the Marine-Derived Fungus Aspergillus flavus.
The Organogermanium Compound THGP Suppresses Melanin Synthesis via Complex Formation with L-DOPA on Mushroom Tyrosinase and in B16 4A5 Melanoma Cells.
Performance of Broilers Fed with Maize Colonized by Either Toxigenic or Atoxigenic Strains of Aspergillus flavus with and without an Aflatoxin-Sequestering Agent.
Antrodia Cinnamomea Prolongs Survival in a Patient with Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Effect of hexavalent chromium on the biodegradation of tetrabromobisphenol A (TBBPA) by Pycnoporus sanguineus.
The fungal endophyte Fusarium solani provokes differential effects on the fitness of two Lotus species.
Influence of matured compost inoculation on sewage sludge composting: Enzyme activity, bacterial and fungal community succession.
Cr(VI) adsorption from aqueous solution by fungal bioremediation based using Rhizopus sp.
The effects of ectomycorrhizal fungi on heavy metals \'  transport in Pinus massoniana and bacteria community in rhizosphere soil in mine tailing area.
Fugu, Takifugu ruberipes, mucus keratins act as defense molecules against fungi.
RNA-Seq of in planta-expressed Magnaporthe oryzae genes identifies MoSVP as a highly expressed gene required for pathogenicity at the initial stage of infection.
UROGENITAL MALASSEZIOSIS IN MEN: FEATURES OF THE CLINICAL COURSE AND MANIFESTATIONS.
q-LAMP Assays for the Detection of Botryosphaeria dothidea Causing Chinese Hickory Canker in Trunk, Water, and Air Samples.
Rhizoglomus dalpeae, R. maiae, and R. silesianum, new species.
Three novel Ambrosia Fusarium Clade species producing clavate macroconidia known (F. floridanum and F. obliquiseptatum) or predicted (F. tuaranense) to be farmed by Euwallacea spp. (Coleoptera: Scolytinae) on woody hosts.
100 Years Since Tolaas: Bacterial Blotch of Mushrooms in the 21st Century.
Structural and Functional Characterization of Laccase-Induced beta-Lactoglobulin-Ferulic Acid-Chitosan Ternary Conjugates.
Insights into the Mechanism and Enantioselectivity in the Biosynthesis of Ergot Alkaloid Cycloclavine Catalyzed by Aj_EasH from Aspergillus japonicus.
Isolation of natural fungal pathogens from Marchantia polymorpha reveals antagonism between salicylic acid and jasmonate during liverwort-fungus interactions.
Global, Regional, and National Cancer Incidence, Mortality, Years of Life Lost, Years Lived With Disability, and Disability-Adjusted Life-Years for 29 Cancer Groups, 1990 to 2017: A Systematic Analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study.
Sensing the heat and the host: Virulence determinants of Histoplasma capsulatum.
An update on benzofuran inhibitors: a patent review.
Soil drenching with entomopathogenic fungi for control of the soil-dwelling life stages and adults of the same generation of Spodoptera littoralis (Boisd.) (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
Barley isochorismate synthase mutant is phylloquinone-deficient, but has normal basal salicylic acid level.
[Interaction between wheat translationally controlled tumor protein TCTP and SNF1-related protein kinase SnRK1].
The impact of grape processing and carbonic maceration on the microbiota of early stages of winemaking.
Antimicrobial Bacillus velezensis HC6: production of three kinds of lipopeptides and biocontrol potential in maize.
GmMAX2-D14 and -KAI interactions-mediated SL and KAR signaling play essential roles in soybean root nodulation.
Evidence for chaotropicity/kosmotropicity offset in a yeast growth model.
Action of Metarhizium brunneum (Hypocreales: Clavicipitaceae) Against Organophosphate- and Pyrethroid-Resistant Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) and the Synergistic Effects of Phenylthiourea.
Successful Treatment of Dermatophytomas in 19 Patients Using Efinaconazole 10% Solution.
Nail Involvement in Psoriatic Patients and Association with Onychomycosis: Results from a Cross-Sectional Study Performed in a Military Hospital in Tunisia.
The use of magnetic resonance imaging in differential diagnosis of allergic fungal sinusitis and eosinophilic mucin rhinosinusitis.
Efficient marker free CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing for functional analysis of gene families in filamentous fungi.
Yeasts and how they came to be.
A  \' parameiosis \'  drives depolyploidization and homologous recombination in Candida albicans.
Distinct transcriptional roles for Histone H3-K56 acetylation during the cell cycle in Yeast.
Invasive pulmonary aspergillosis with Aspergillus vertebral osteomyelitis in an HIV-infected adult: a case report.
Overexpression of Magnaporthe Oryzae Systemic Defense Trigger 1 (MoSDT1) Confers Improved Rice Blast Resistance in Rice.
Identification and Functional Characterization of a Novel Insecticidal Decapeptide from the Myrmicine Ant Manica rubida.
Evaluation of quantity and quality of chitosan produce from Rhizopus oryzae by utilizing food product processing waste whey and molasses.
Arsenic toxicity and its mitigation in ectomycorrhizal fungus Hebeloma cylindrosporum through glutathione biosynthesis.
Fumonisin B1 damages the barrier functions of porcine intestinal epithelial cells in vitro.
Metatranscriptomics reveals unsuspected protistan diversity in leaf litter across temperate beech forests, with Amoebozoa the dominating lineage.
Effects of inorganic nitrogen and litters of Masson Pine on soil organic carbon decomposition.
Polyketides from Marine-Derived Aspergillus porosus: Challenges and Opportunities for Determining Absolute Configuration.
Lichenihabitans psoromatis gen. nov., sp. nov., a member of a novel lineage (Lichenihabitantaceae fam. nov.) within the order of Rhizobiales isolated from Antarctic lichen.
Transcriptomic profiling of acute cold stress-induced disease resistance (SIDR) genes and pathways in the grapevine powdery mildew pathosystem.
Calcium Signaling Is Suppressed in Magnaporthe oryzae Conidia by Bacillus cereus HS24.
Antiproliferative potential of 3beta,5alpha,6beta,7alpha-tetrahydroxyergosta-8(14),22-diene produced by Acremonium persicinum isolated from an alkaline crater lake in Puebla, Mexico.
Discrimination of Aspergillus flavus from Aspergillus oryzae by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionisation time-of-flight (MALDI-TOF) mass spectrometry.
Two hybrid histidine kinases, TcsB and the phytochrome FphA, are involved in temperature sensing in Aspergillus nidulans.
The clinical and microbiological features and outcomes of fungal keratitis over 9 years in Sydney, Australia.
Malassezia colonization on a reconstructed human epidermis: imaging studies.
Hahyoungchilella caricis gen. nov., sp. nov., isolated from a rhizosphere mudflat of a halophyte (Carex scabrifolia), transfer of Thioclava arenosa Thongphrom et al. 2017 to Pseudothioclava as Pseudothioclava arenosa gen. nov., comb. nov. and proposal of Thioclava electrotropha Chang et al. 2018 as a later heterosynonym of Thioclava sediminum.
Caenorhabditis elegans as a model animal for investigating fungal pathogenesis.
Wickerhamomyces kurtzmanii sp. nov. An Ascomycetous Yeast Isolated From Crater Lake Water, Da Hinggan Ling Mountain, China.
Characterization of the bioactivities of an ethanol extract and some of its constituents from the New Zealand native mushroom Hericium novae-zealandiae.
Increasing Temperature and Microplastic Fibers Jointly Influence Soil Aggregation by Saprobic Fungi.
The soil bacterial and fungal diversity were determined by the stoichiometric ratios of litter inputs: evidence from a constructed wetland.
FRQ-CK1 interaction determines the period of circadian rhythms in Neurospora.
PCR-denaturing Gradient Gel Electrophoresis as a Simple Identification Tool of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungal Isolates.
mSphere of Influence: the Wild Genetic Diversity of Our Closest Yeast Companions.
Identification of a Polyketide Synthase Gene Responsible for Ascochitine Biosynthesis in Ascochyta fabae and Its Abrogation in Sister Taxa.
The Role of Intestinal Fungi and Its Metabolites in Chronic Liver Diseases.
Genetic Modification of mfsT Gene Stimulating the Putative Penicillin Production in Monascus ruber M7 and Exhibiting the Sensitivity towards Precursor Amino Acids of Penicillin Pathway.
Cross-Kingdom Analysis of Diversity, Evolutionary History, and Site Selection within the Eukaryotic Macrophage Migration Inhibitory Factor Superfamily.
Natural Product Type III Secretion System Inhibitors.
A New Triterpenoid Glucoside from a Novel Acidic Glycosylation of Ganoderic Acid A via Recombinant Glycosyltransferase of Bacillus subtilis.
Special Issue: Fungal-Bacterial Interactions-Current Knowledge and Future Perspectives.
Effect of mixed solutions of heavy metal eluents on soil fertility and microorganisms.
Authentication of Edible Bird \' s Nest (EBN) and its adulterants by integration of shotgun proteomics and scheduled multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) based on tandem mass spectrometry.
Analysis of volatile compounds of Lentinula edodes grown in different culture substrate formulations.
Current knowledge on the microbiota of edible insects intended for human consumption: A state-of-the-art review.
Edible mushrooms as a ubiquitous source of essential fatty acids.
Specific and sensitive detection of the guava fruit anthracnose pathogen (Colletotrichum gloeosporioides) by loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) assay.
Discrete cutaneous lesions in a critically ill patient treated only for AIDS and miliary tuberculosis: a case report of disseminated histoplasmosis.
Biosynthesis of a Tricyclo[6.2.2.02,7]dodecane System by a Berberine Bridge Enzyme-like Intramolecular Aldolase.
Stress-driven transposable element de-repression dynamics and virulence evolution in a fungal pathogen.
Chymotrypsin- and trypsin-like activities secreted by the multidrug-resistant yeasts forming the Candida haemulonii complex.
In vitro activities of nine antifungal agents against rare pathogenic fungi.
Identification of Microorganisms Associated with the Quality Improvement of Dry-Aged Beef Through Microbiome Analysis and DNA Sequencing, and Evaluation of Their Effects on Beef Quality.
Prussian blue analogue nanoenzymes mitigate oxidative stress and boost bio-fermentation.
Cytoplasmic protein misfolding titrates Hsp70 to activate nuclear Hsf1.
Direct and indirect influence of arbuscular mycorrhizae on enhancing metal tolerance of plants.
Bacterial Valorization of Lignin: Strains, Enzymes, Conversion Pathways, Biosensors, and Perspectives.
Biochemical Characterization of the Fusarium graminearum Candidate ACC-Deaminases and Virulence Testing of Knockout Mutant Strains.
An Imaging Approach to Identify Mechanisms of Resistance to Pineapple Fruitlet Core Rot.
Identification and Functional Analysis of the Pheromone Response Factor Gene of Sporisorium scitamineum.
Transcriptome Analysis of Cordyceps militaris Reveals Genes Associated With Carotenoid Synthesis and Identification of the Function of the Cmtns Gene.
A Metabarcoding Analysis of the Mycobiome of Wheat Ears Across a Topographically Heterogeneous Field.
The pH Signaling Transcription Factor PAC-3 Regulates Metabolic and Developmental Processes in Pathogenic Fungi.
Non-ribosomal Peptide Synthetase Gene Clusters in the Human Pathogenic Fungus Scedosporium apiospermum.
Interaction Between Conservation Tillage and Nitrogen Fertilization Shapes Prokaryotic and Fungal Diversity at Different Soil Depths: Evidence From a 23-Year Field Experiment in the Mediterranean Area.
URM1-Mediated Ubiquitin-Like Modification Is Required for Oxidative Stress Adaptation During Infection of the Rice Blast Fungus.
Pleurotus eryngii Genomes Reveal Evolution and Adaptation to the Gobi Desert Environment.
Population Genomics of an Obligately Halophilic Basidiomycete Wallemia ichthyophaga.
Characterization of Aspergillus fumigatus Extracellular Vesicles and Their Effects on Macrophages and Neutrophils Functions.
Variations in Nuclear Number and Size in Vegetative Hyphae of the Edible Mushroom Lentinula edodes.
Soil Metatranscriptomes Under Long-Term Experimental Warming and Drying: Fungi Allocate Resources to Cell Metabolic Maintenance Rather Than Decay.
Geographical and Ethnic Differences Influence Culturable Commensal Yeast Diversity on Healthy Skin.
Cerebral Phaeohyphomycosis Caused by Exophiala dermatitidis in a Chinese CARD9-Deficient Patient: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Fungal Planet description sheets: 868-950.
Re-evaluation of Mycoleptodiscus species and morphologically similar fungi.
Taxonomy and phylogeny of Postia. Multi-gene phylogeny and taxonomy of the brown-rot fungi: Postia (Polyporales, Basidiomycota) and related genera.
Evaluating methodologies for species delimitation: the mismatch between phenotypes and genotypes in lichenized fungi (Bryoria sect. Implexae, Parmeliaceae).
Ophiostomatoid fungi associated with the spruce bark beetle Ips typographus, including 11 new species from China.
Colletotrichum species associated with anthracnose of Pyrus spp. in China.
The Parauncinula polyspora Draft Genome Provides Insights into Patterns of Gene Erosion and Genome Expansion in Powdery Mildew Fungi.
Moxifloxacin-Ester derivatives: Synthesis, characterization and pharmacological evaluation.
RNA-seq data of Ganoderma boninense at axenic culture condition and under in planta pathogen-oil palm (Elaeis guineensis Jacq.) interaction.
Antibiotics as chemical warfare across multiple taxonomic domains and trophic levels in brown food webs.
Identification of the environmental source of infection for a domestic ferret with cryptococcosis.
Exploration of the antibiotic potentiating activity of indolglyoxylpolyamines.
Improvement of rice plant productivity by native Cr(VI) reducing and plant growth promoting soil bacteria Enterobacter cloacae.
Specialized infection strategies of falcate and oval conidia of Colletotrichum graminicola.
Self/Non-self Recognition: Microbes Playing Hard to Get.
Prevalence of Epstein-Barr virus, human papillomavirus, cytomegalovirus and herpes simplex virus type 1 in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 in south-eastern Poland.
IL-1RA regulates immunopathogenesis during fungal-associated allergic airway inflammation.
High Potency of Ozone Gas to Inactivate the Echinococcus Granulosus Protoscoleces during Hydatid Cyst Surgery.
Candida auris and Nosocomial Infection.
Hexavalent chromium reduction ability and bioremediation potential of Aspergillus flavus CR500 isolated from electroplating wastewater.
Advances on the toxicity of uranium to different organisms.
Biosorption of pharmaceutical products by mushroom stem waste.
Azole resistance in Aspergillus species in Southern Taiwan: An epidemiological surveillance study.
Mycoprotein: environmental impact and health aspects.
Effect of temperature on Pi54-mediated leaf blast resistance in rice.
Purification and identification of a novel antifungal protein from Bacillus subtilis XB-1.
Nested PCR assay for specific and sensitive detection of Alternaria carthami.
Symbiosis at its limits: ecophysiological consequences of lichenization to the genus Prasiola in Antarctica.
Chemoenzymatic reduction of citreorosein and its implications on aloe-emodin and rugulosin C (bio)synthesis.
Improving grain yield, stress resilience and quality of bread wheat using large-scale genomics.
Host availability drives distributions of fungal endophytes in the imperilled boreal realm.
Novel mitochondrial complex I-inhibiting peptides restrain NADH dehydrogenase activity.
Identification of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. cubense tropical race 4 (Foc TR4) responsive miRNAs in banana root.
Cryptic diversity of a widespread global pathogen reveals expanded threats to amphibian conservation.
Structural basis for the specific cleavage of core-fucosylated N-glycans by endo-beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase from the fungus Cordyceps militaris.
The calmodulin-binding protein IQM1 interacts with CATALASE2 to affect pathogen defense.
Reply to Nevez and Le Gal, "Caspofungin and Pneumocystis Pneumonia: It Is Time To Go Ahead".
Caspofungin and Pneumocystis Pneumonia: It Is Time To Go Ahead.
Alpha-Terpineol production from an engineered Saccharomyces cerevisiae cell factory.
Elemental Contamination in Indoor Floor Dust and Its Correlation with PAHs, Fungi, and Gram+/- Bacteria.
Large-Scale Production of Bioactive Terrein by Aspergillus terreus Strain S020 Isolated from the Saudi Coast of the Red Sea.
Enhanced Arsenic Tolerance in Triticum aestivum Inoculated with Arsenic-Resistant and Plant Growth Promoter Microorganisms from a Heavy Metal-Polluted Soil.
Promising Antioxidant and Antimicrobial Food Colourants from Lonicera caerulea L. var. Kamtschatica.
Interactions between Fungal-Infected Helicoverpa armigera and the Predator Chrysoperla externa.
How Safe is Chicken Litter for Land Application as an Organic Fertilizer? A Review.
Active Fungal Communities in Asymptomatic Eucalyptus grandis Stems Differ between a Susceptible and Resistant Clone.
Synergistic Phytotoxic Effects of Culmorin and Trichothecene Mycotoxins.
Chloroanisoles and Other Chlorinated Compounds in Cork from Different Geographical Areas.
Factors Influencing Microbiological Biodiversity of Human Foot Skin.
Proteolytic Activity in Meadow Soil after the Application of Phytohormones.
Immunomodulatory Effects of Fruiting Body Extract and Solid-State-Cultivated Mycelia of Taiwanofungus camphoratus.
Biotransformation of Pristine and Oxidized Carbon Nanotubes by the White Rot Fungus Phanerochaete chrysosporium.
E-Beam Irradiation and Ozonation as an Alternative to the Sulphuric Method of Wine Preservation.
Petroleum Hydrocarbon Contamination in Terrestrial Ecosystems-Fate and Microbial Responses.
Identification of Functional and Druggable Sites in Aspergillus fumigatus Essential Phosphatases by Virtual Screening.
Total Synthesis and Antimicrobial Evaluation of 23-Demethyleushearilide and Extensive Antimicrobial Evaluation of All Synthetic Stereoisomers of (16Z,20E)-Eushearilide and (16E,20E)-Eushearilide.
Silver Nanoparticles Addition in Poly(Methyl Methacrylate) Dental Matrix: Topographic and Antimycotic Studies.
Long-Chain Acyl-CoA Synthetase is Associated with the Growth of Malassezia spp.
Extending the Metabolite Diversity of the Endophyte Dimorphosporicola tragani.
The Dysbiosis and Inter-Kingdom Synergy Model in Oropharyngeal Candidiasis, a New Perspective in Pathogenesis.
Outcomes of therapeutic penetrating keratoplasty in 198 eyes with fungal keratitis.
Demographic and socioeconomic barriers and treatment seeking behaviors of patients with infectious keratitis requiring therapeutic penetrating keratoplasty.
Improvement of Baker \' s yeast-based fuel cell power output by electrodes and proton exchange membrane modification.
The effect of copolymerization and carbon nanoelements on the performance of poly(2,5-di(thienyl)pyrrole) biosensors.
Interpenetrating polymer network-based nanocomposites reinforced with octadecylamine capped Cu/reduced graphene oxide nanohybrid with hydrophobic, antimicrobial and antistatic attributes.
N,S-self-doped carbon quantum dots from fungus fibers for sensing tetracyclines and for bioimaging cancer cells.
Phenotypic and Cell Wall Proteomic Characterization of a DDR48 mutant Candida albicans Strain.
Mercury resistance and bioremediation mediated by endophytic fungi.
Orchestrating cell morphology from the inside out - using polarized cell expansion in plants as a model.
Extensive analysis of radiocesium concentrations in wild mushrooms in eastern Japan affected by the Fukushima nuclear accident: Use of open accessible monitoring data.
A functionally-distinct carboxylic acid reductase (PcCAR4) unearthed from a repertoire of type IV CARs in the white-rot fungus Pycnoporus cinnabarinus.
Colonization by Pneumocystis jirovecii in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: association with exacerbations and lung function status.
Transcript accumulation in a trifold interaction gives insight into mechanisms of biocontrol.
A fungal ABC transporter FgAtm1 regulates iron homeostasis via the transcription factor cascade FgAreA-HapX.
Acquisition of FKS2 mutation after echinocandin treatment of infective endocarditis by Candida glabrata.
Occurrence of sdh Mutations in German Alternaria solani Isolates and Potential Impact on Boscalid Sensitivity In Vitro, in the Greenhouse, and in the Field.
Identification and Characterization of Neofabraea kienholzii and Phlyctema vagabunda Causing Leaf and Shoot Lesions of Olive in California.
Cryptic Infection and Systemic Colonization of Leguminous Crops by Verticillium dahliae, the Cause of Verticillium Wilt.
Selenocysteine as a substrate, an inhibitor and a mechanistic probe for bacterial and fungal iron-dependent sulfoxide synthases.
Substituent enhanced fluorescence properties of star alpha-cyanostilbenes and their application in bioimaging.
Residual effects of biochar and phosphorus on growth and nutrient accumulation by maize (Zea mays L.) amended with microbes in texturally different soils.
Analysis of Fungi on Coix (Coix lacryma-jobi) Seed and the Effect of Its Aqueous Extract on the Growth of Aspergillus flavus.
Evaluation of the NovaLisa  Leishmania Infantum IgG ELISA in A Reference Diagnostic Laboratory in A Non-Endemic Country.
Molecular markers and phenotypic characterization of adult plant resistance genes Lr 34, Lr 46, Lr 67 and Lr 68 and their association with partial resistance to leaf rust in wheat.
Candidate screening of blast resistance donors for rice breeding.
Ganoderiol F purified from Ganoderma leucocontextum retards cell cycle progression by inhibiting CDK4/CDK6.
Chrysosporazines A-E: P-Glycoprotein Inhibitory Piperazines from an Australian Marine Fish Gastrointestinal Tract-Derived Fungus, Chrysosporium sp. CMB-F214.
[Study on pathogenicity of Pneumocystis and its association with development of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease].
Heat-induced shift in coral microbiome reveals several members of the Rhodobacteraceae family as indicator species for thermal stress in Porites lutea.
Influence of fermentation temperature and duration on survival and biocontrol efficacy of Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf153 freeze-dried cells.
Bacterial natural products in the fight against mosquito-transmitted tropical diseases.
Evaluation of Three Different Laboratory Methods for Identification of Pneumocystis jirovecii Pneumonia (PCP) among HIV Positive Asymptomatic Prisoners.
Coordination as Management Response to the Spread of a Global Plant Disease: A Case Study in a Major Philippine Banana Production Area.
Responses to Hydric Stress in the Seed-Borne Necrotrophic Fungus Alternaria brassicicola.
Flagellate Dermatitis by Shiitake Mushroom.
Postpartum Endogenous Candida Endophthalmitis.
Human infections due to Schizophyllumcommune: Case report and review of the literature.
The psychedelic renaissance: the next trip for psychiatry?
Antioxidant compounds extracted from Diaporthe schini using supercritical CO2 plus cosolvent.
Photobiont-dependent humidity threshold for chlorolichen photosystem II activation.
Design, synthesis and antifungal activity evaluation of isocryptolepine derivatives.
The ecological impact of mineral exploitation in the Russian Arctic: A field-scale study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in permafrost-affected soils and lichens of the Yamal-Nenets autonomous region.
The activation and extraction systems using organic acids and Lentinus edodes to remediate cadmium contaminated soil.
Biodegradation of the endocrine disrupter 4-t-octylphenol by the non-ligninolytic fungus Fusarium falciforme RRK20: Process optimization, estrogenicity assessment, metabolite identification and proposed pathways.
A membrane-associated metalloprotease of Schistosoma japonicum structurally related to the FACE-1/Ste24p protease family.
Glutarylation of Histone H4 Lysine 91 Regulates Chromatin Dynamics.
Rad52 Restrains Resection at DNA Double-Strand Break Ends in Yeast.
A look into the genetic diversity of Lecanosticta acicola in northern Europe.
Sexual reproduction of Zymoseptoria tritici on durum wheat in Tunisia revealed by presence of airborne inoculum, fruiting bodies and high levels of genetic diversity.
The role of in vitro cultivation on symbiotic trait and function variation in a single species of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus.
Cooperation of hydrolysis modes among xylanases reveals the mechanism of hemicellulose hydrolysis by Penicillium chrysogenum P33.
Supplementation of Trichoderma improves the alteration of nutrient allocation and transporter genes expression in rice under nutrient deficiencies.
A novel polysaccharide from Malus halliana Koehne with coagulant activity.
Combating fluconazole-resistant fungi with novel beta-azole-phenylacetone derivatives.
Fungal elimination of toluene vapor in one- and two-liquid phase biotrickling filters: Effects of inlet concentration, operating temperature, and peroxidase enzyme activity.
DNMHMM: An approach to identify the differential nucleosome regions in multiple cell types based on a Hidden Markov Model.
Inhibition of aflatoxin B1 biosynthesis and down regulation of aflR and aflB genes in presence of benzimidazole derivatives without impairing the growth of Aspergillus flavus.
Molecular tagging of biocontrol fungus Trichoderma asperellum and its colonization in soil.
Identification and characterization of the ZRT, IRT-like protein (ZIP) family genes reveal their involvement in growth and kojic acid production in Aspergillus oryzae.
Functional Characterization of Novel U6 RNA Polymerase III Promoters: Their Implication for CRISPR-Cas9-Mediated Gene Editing in Aspergillus oryzae.
A fungal pathogen deploys a small silencing RNA that attenuates mosquito immunity and facilitates infection.
EpABC genes in the adaptive responses of Exophiala pisciphila to metal stress: functional importance and relation to metal tolerance.
Functional characterization of AA9 LPMOs in the thermophilic fungus Malbranchea cinnamomea reveals specific xylan activity.
Four aromatic intradiol ring cleavage dioxygenases from Aspergillus niger.
ABA-Induced Sugar Transporter TaSTP6 Promotes Wheat Susceptibility to Stripe Rust.
New Taxon-Specific Heterobasidion PCR Primers Detect and Differentiate North American Heterobasidion spp. in Various Substrates and Led to the Discovery of Heterobasidion irregulare in British Columbia, Canada.
Yeast Models for Amyloids and Prions: Environmental Modulation and Drug Discovery.
Molecular Docking and Dynamics Simulation of Protein beta-Tubulin and Antifungal Cyclic Lipopeptides.
Antifungal Effects and Potential Mechanism of Essential Oils on Collelotrichum gloeosporioides In Vitro and In Vivo.
Application of Biocides and Super-Absorbing Polymers to Enhance the Efficiency of Filtering Materials.
Insight into the Antifungal Mechanism of Action of Human RNase N-terminus Derived Peptides.
Twenty-Eight Fungal Secondary Metabolites Detected in Pig Feed Samples: Their Occurrence, Relevance and Cytotoxic Effects In Vitro.
Kinetic study and performance comparison of TiO2-mediated visible-light-responsive photocatalysts for the inactivation of Aspergillus niger.
Wildfire impacts on freshwater detrital food webs depend on runoff load, exposure time and burnt forest type.
Use of an epiphytic lichen and a novel geostatistical approach to evaluate spatial and temporal changes in atmospheric deposition in the Athabasca Oil Sands Region, Alberta, Canada.
The jasmonate-ZIM domain gene VqJAZ4 from the Chinese wild grape Vitis quinquangularis improves resistance to powdery mildew in Arabidopsis thaliana.
New cytotoxic tricycloalternarenes from fungus Alternaria brassicicola.
Response surface methodology for optimization of cinnamon essential oil nanoemulsion with improved stability and antifungal activity.
Design and evaluation of an AFLP molecular marker for the detection of Coccidioides spp. in biological samples.
Bulked segregant analysis RNA-seq (BSR-Seq) validated a stem resistance locus in Aegilops umbellulata, a wild relative of wheat.
Current prevention and potential treatment options for dengue infection.
Remediation and mechanisms of cadmium biosorption by a cadmium-binding protein from Lentinula edodes.
Disjoint motif discovery in biological network using pattern join method.
Surveillance for Coccidioidomycosis - United States, 2011-2017.
Sporotrichosis in the Highlands of Madagascar, 2013-20171.
Association between denture stomatitis, candida species and diabetic status.
In search of the source of dermatophytosis: Epidemiological analysis of Trichophyton verrucosum infection in llamas and the breeder (case report).
Whole-genome resequencing of Trichophyton rubrum provides insights into population differentiation and drug resistance.
From the Pipeline to the Bedside: Advances and Challenges in Clinical Metagenomics.
Rhodotorula spp. in the gut - foe or friend?
Survival of Spray-Dried Rhodotorula mucilaginosa Isolated from Natural Microbiota of Murta Berries and Antagonistic : Effect on Botrytis cinerea.
Two new species of the genus Cyanopenthe Nikitsky, 1998 (Coleoptera, Tetratomidae) from southwest China.
Disease control efficacy of 32,33-didehydroroflamycoin produced by Streptomyces rectiviolaceus strain DY46 against gray mold of tomato fruit.
MRE11-RAD50-NBS1 promotes Fanconi Anemia R-loop suppression at transcription-replication conflicts.
Harnessing calcineurin-FK506-FKBP12 crystal structures from invasive fungal pathogens to develop antifungal agents.
Transcription-dependent targeting of Hda1C to hyperactive genes mediates H4-specific deacetylation in yeast.
Draft Genome Sequence of the Griseofulvin-Producing Fungus Xylaria flabelliformis Strain G536.
Accuracy of Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption Ionization-Time of Flight Mass Spectrometry for Identification of Candida.
The Evolution of Sexual Reproduction and the Mating-Type Locus: Links to Pathogenesis of Cryptococcus Human Pathogenic Fungi.
Diversity and characterization of lignocellulolytic fungi isolated from oil palm empty fruit bunch, and identification of influencing factors of natural composting process.
Assessment of speciation and in vitro bioaccessibility of selenium in Se-enriched Pleurotus ostreatus and potential health risks.
A script for initiating molecular biology studies with non-conventional yeasts based on Saccharomycopsis schoenii.
Emergomyces: The global rise of new dimorphic fungal pathogens.
Ecophysiological impacts of Esca, a devastating grapevine trunk disease, on Vitis vinifera L.
Shifts in temperature influence how Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis infects amphibian larvae.
Unisexual reproduction promotes competition for mating partners in the global human fungal pathogen Cryptococcus deneoformans.
B-1 cell-mediated modulation of M1 macrophage profile can ameliorate microbicidal functions and disrupt the evasion mechanisms of Encephalitozoon cuniculi.
Effects of Bread Yeast Cell Wall Beta-Glucans on Mice with Loperamide-Induced Constipation.
Chryseobacterium candidae sp. nov., isolated from a yeast (Candida tropicalis).
Characterization and Pathogenicity of Pestalotiopsis-Like Species Associated With Gray Blight Disease on Camellia sinensis in Anhui Province, China.
Fungal metabolite and mycotoxins profile of cashew nut from selected locations in two African countries.
Metabolites produced by Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis alter development in tadpoles, but not growth or mortality.
First identification of a fatal fungal infection of the marine sponge Chondrosia reniformis by Aspergillus tubingensis.
Titanium alloys: in vitro biological analyzes on biofilm formation, biocompatibility, cell differentiation to induce bone formation, and immunological response.
Histopathological study on the prevalence of trichosporonosis in formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded tissue autopsy sections by in situ hybridization with peptide nucleic acid probe.
Comment on "A commensal strain of Staphylococcus epidermidis protects against skin neoplasia" by Nakatsuji et al.
Responses of weed community, soil nutrients, and microbes to different weed management practices in a fallow field in Northern China.
Differential mechanisms underlying responses of soil bacterial and fungal communities to nitrogen and phosphorus inputs in a subtropical forest.
Myceliophthora thermophila Xyr1 is predominantly involved in xylan degradation and xylose catabolism.
Microsatellite based genetic diversity of the widespread epiphytic lichen Usnea subfloridana (Parmeliaceae, Ascomycota) in Estonia: comparison of populations from the mainland and an island.
Rubroshiraia gen. nov., a second hypocrellin-producing genus in Shiraiaceae (Pleosporales).
Potential effects of microbial air quality on the number of new cases of diabetes type 1 in children in two regions of Poland: a pilot study.
Distinct responses from bacterial, archaeal and fungal streambed communities to severe hydrological disturbances.
Conventional and organic soil management as divergent drivers of resident and active fractions of major soil food web constituents.
Modular enzyme assembly for enhanced cascade biocatalysis and metabolic flux.
Detection of Trichophyton spp. from footwear of patients with tinea pedis.
Induction of signal transduction pathways related to the pathogenicity of Cryptococcus neoformans in the host environment.
Scalable methanol-free production of recombinant glucuronoyl esterase in Pichia pastoris.
Anti-viral activity of culinary and medicinal mushroom extracts against dengue virus serotype 2: an in-vitro study.
Virulence structure and its genetic diversity analyses of Blumeria graminis f. sp. tritici isolates in China.
Diagnostic Performance of a Novel Multiplex PCR Assay for Candidemia among ICU Patients.
Specialist and Generalist Fungal Parasites Induce Distinct Biochemical Changes in the Mandible Muscles of Their Host.
Coordinating Septum Formation and the Actomyosin Ring during Cytokinesis inSchizosaccharomyces pombe.
Comparison of antifungal activity of essential oils from different plants against three fungi.
Inverted translational control of eukaryotic gene expression by ribosome collisions.
Dehydrozingerone Inspired Discovery of Potential Broad-spectrum Fungicidal Agents as Ergosterol Biosynthesis Inhibitors.
Influence of Glutathione on Yeast Fermentation Efficiency under Copper Stress.
Systematic metabolic engineering of Saccharomyces cerevisiae for lycopene overproduction.
Temporal Dynamics of wheat blast epidemics and agreement between remotely sensed data measurements and visual estimations of wheat spike blast (WSB) under field conditions.
Oral administration of whole dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid-producing yeast suppresses allergic contact dermatitis in mice.
Design, Synthesis and Antifungal Evaluation of Novel Quinoline Derivatives Inspired from Natural Quinine Alkaloids.
Expression of stilbene synthase VqSTS6 from wild Chinese Vitis quinquangularis in grapevine enhances resveratrol production and powdery mildew resistance.
Disfiguring Mucor irregularis Infection Cured by Amphotericin B and Itraconazole: A Case Report and Treatment Experience.
Genetically encoded FRET-based optical sensor for Hg2+ detection and intracellular imaging in living cells.
Antitubercular Activity of the Fungus Gliocladium sp. MR41 Strain.
Development of a novel fungicide, tolprocarb.
Bioorganic chemistry of signaling molecules in microbial communication.
Synthesis and antifungal activity of novel pyrazolines and isoxazolines derived from cuminaldehyde.
Bullfrog farms release virulent zoospores of the frog-killing fungus into the natural environment.
Increased abundance of proteobacteria in aggressive Crohn \' s disease seven years after diagnosis.
Regulation of secondary metabolism by calmodulin signaling in filamentous fungi.
Spores of Beauveria bassiana and Trichoderma lignorum as a bioinsecticide for the control of Atta cephalotes.
Candida bloodstream infection under veno-arterial ECMO therapy.
Additional Candida albicans administration enhances the severity of dextran sulfate solution induced colitis mouse model through leaky gut-enhanced systemic inflammation and gut-dysbiosis but attenuated by Lactobacillus rhamnosus L34.
Activation of alpha-, beta-, gamma- delta-, zeta- and eta- class of carbonic anhydrases with amines and amino acids: a review.
Systematic Evaluation of Chiral Fungicide Imazalil and its Major Metabolite R14821 (Imazalil-M): Stability of Enantiomers, Enantioselective Bioactivity, Aquatic Toxicity and Dissipation in greenhouse vegetables and Soil.
[Growth-promotion and disease control effects on chili and eggplant by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and plant symbiotic actinomycetes].
[Soil microflora characteristics under different vegetation patches in a desert steppe of Ning-xia, Northwest China.]
[Effects of soil fauna on microbial community during litter decomposition of Populus simonii and Fargesia spathacea in the subalpine forest of western Sichuan, China.]
[Absceso cerebral por Cladophialophora bantiana en un paciente con trasplante renal: reporte de un caso].
Optimization the cellulase - ultrasounic synergistic extraction conditions of polysaccharides from Lenzites betulina.
Two new species of Gloniopsis (Hysteriales, Ascomycota) from clinical specimens: Morphological and molecular characterization.
The H3K4 demethylase Jar1 orchestrates ROS-production and expression of pathogenesis-related genes to facilitate Botrytis cinerea virulence.
Rosette core fungal resistance in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Lipolytic Activity and the Utilization of Fatty Acids Associated with Bat Sebum by Pseudogymnoascus destructans.
Plant invader alters soil food web via changes to fungal resources.
Genetics of adaptation of the ascomycetous fungus Podospora anserina to submerged cultivation.
Production and partial purification of thermostable bacteriocins from Bacillus pumilus ZED17 and DFAR8 strains with antifungal activity.
Complete oxidation of hydroxymethylfurfural to furandicarboxylic acid by aryl-alcohol oxidase.
Opportunistic pathogenic fungi isolated from feces of feral pigeons in Mafikeng, North West Province of South Africa.
Complex genetic and epigenetic regulation deviates gene expression from a unifying global transcriptional program.
Multiple genes recruited from hormone pathways partition maize diterpenoid defences.
Impact of nitrogen compounds on fungal and bacterial contributions to codenitrification in a pasture soil.
Evolutionary and functional patterns of shared gene neighbourhood in fungi.
Potent Phytotoxic Harziane Diterpenes from a Soft Coral-Derived Strain of the Fungus Trichoderma harzianum XS-20090075.
Defence priming in Arabidopsis - a Meta-Analysis.
Identification of telomerase RNAs in species of the Yarrowia clade provides insights into the co-evolution of telomerase, telomeric repeats and telomere-binding proteins.
Dysbiotic microbiota in autistic children and their mothers: persistence of fungal and bacterial wall-deficient L-form variants in blood.
Synergistic Cytotoxicity of Renieramycin M and Doxorubicin in MCF-7 Breast Cancer Cells.
Study of the Structure and Antimicrobial Activity of Ca-Deficient Ceramics on Chlorhexidine Nanoclay Substrate.
Neutral Lipid Content in Lipid Droplets: Potential Biomarker of Cordycepin Accumulation in Cordycepin-Producing Fungi.
Effects of UV Irradiation on Penicillium Strains Isolated from a Bread Plant and the Application to Bakery Products.
Microflora of Mycotoxigenic Fungi in Rice Grains in Kyushu Region of Japan and Their Changes during Storage under non-Controlled Conditions.
Plant Defense System Activated in Chili Plants by Using Extracts from Eucalyptus citriodora.
The Bacteriological Properties of Bacillus Strain TM-I-3 and Analysis of the Volatile Antifungal Compounds Emitted by this Bacteria.
Cordycepin induces apoptosis in human bladder cancer T24 cells through ROS-dependent inhibition of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Digital Design of a Universal Rat Intraoral Device for Therapeutic Evaluation of a Topical Formulation against Candida-Associated Denture Stomatitis.
Existence, Transition, and Propagation of Intermediate Silencing States in rDNA.
Baker \' s Yeast Clinical Isolates Provide a Model for How Pathogenic Yeasts Adapt to Stress.
Development and validation of a real-time multiplex PCR assay for the detection of dermatophytes and Fusarium spp.
Bioactive secondary metabolites from endophytic fungi.
Production of phytochromes by high cell density E. coli fermentation.
beta-Glucosidase BGL1 from Coprinopsis cinerea Exhibits a Distinctive Hydrolysis and Transglycosylation Activity for Application in the Production of 3-O-beta-d-Gentiobiosyl-d-laminarioligosaccharides.
Phomopsols A and B from the Mangrove Endophytic Fungus Phomopsis sp. xy21: Structures, Neuroprotective Effects, and Biogenetic Relationships.
Characterization of a putative glycoside hydrolase family 43 arabinofuranosidase from Aspergillus niger and its potential use in beer production.
Redox governed electro-fermentation improves lipid production by the oleaginous yeast Rhodosporidium toruloides.
Threonine synthase CoTHR4 is involved in infection-related morphogenesis during the pre-penetration stage in Colletotrichum orbiculare.
UPLC-Q-Exactive Orbitrap/MS-based Lipidomics reveals the influence of nitrogen sources on lipid biosynthesis of Mortierella alpina.
Temperature preference can bias parental genome retention during hybrid evolution.
The monothiol glutaredoxin GrxD is essential for sensing iron starvation in Aspergillus fumigatus.
The responses of cadmium phytotoxicity in rice and the microbial community in contaminated paddy soils for the application of different long-term N fertilizers.
Anion channel SLAH3 is a regulatory target of chitin receptor-associated kinase PBL27 in microbial stomatal closure.
Fenugreek Leaf Extract and Its Gel Formulation Show Activity Against Malassezia furfur.
Artificial Allomelanin Nanoparticles.
Characterization of Colletotrichum Species Causing Anthracnose of Pomegranate in the Southeastern United States.
Effectiveness of Fungicides and Their Application Timing for the Management of Sorghum Foliar Anthracnose in the Mid-Atlantic United States.
Mechanized Method to Inoculate Field Soil to Evaluate Fusarium Crown Rot of Wheat.
Effect of different inoculation strategies of selected yeast and LAB cultures on Conservolea and Kalamata table olives considering phenol content, texture and sensory attributes.
In Vitro Activity of Amphotericin B in Combination with Statins against Clinical and Environmental Rhizopus oryzae Strains.
Dirty Money on Holy Ground: Isolation of Potentially Pathogenic Bacteria and Fungi on Money Collected from Church Offerings.
Sanghuangporus toxicodendri sp. nov. (Hymenochaetales, Basidiomycota) from China.
Crassisporus gen. nov. (Polyporaceae, Basidiomycota) evidenced by morphological characters and phylogenetic analyses with descriptions of four new species.
OLICH: A reference library of DNA barcodes for Nordic lichens.
Histopathology of Hair Follicle Epithelium in Patients of Recurrent and Recalcitrant Dermatophytosis: A Diagnostic Cross-Sectional Study.
Analysis of Protein Synthesis in Cucumber Leaves after Inoculation with Corynespora cassiicola: A Proteomic Approach.
Atypical Laryngeal Infections: Localized Lesions from Unusual Organisms May Simulate Malignancy.
Lupus Erythematosus and Chronic Granulomatous Disease: Report of Four Iranian Patients with AR-CGD and One XL-CGD.
Response mechanism of hypocrellin colorants biosynthesis by Shiraia bambusicola to elicitor PB90.
MRI and fluorescence studies of Saccharomyces cerevisiae loaded with a bimodal Fe(III) T1 contrast agent.
Synthesis and characterization of crustin capped titanium dioxide nanoparticles: Photocatalytic, antibacterial, antifungal and insecticidal activities.
Response of soil microbes after direct contact with pyraclostrobin in fluvo-aquic soil.
New series of fused pyrazolopyridines: Synthesis, molecular modeling, antimicrobial, antiquorum-sensing and antitumor activities.
Diversity of cultivable endophytic bacteria in mulberry and their potential for antimicrobial and plant growth-promoting activities.
Abiotic stress resistance, plant growth promotion and antifungal potential of halotolerant bacteria from a Tunisian solar saltern.
Electrochemical characteristics of the decolorization of three dyes by laccase mediator system (LMS) with synthetic and natural mediators.
Effects and mechanisms of iridoid glycosides from Patrinia scabiosaefolia on improving insulin resistance in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of calycanthaceous alkaloid analogs.
Structure elucidation of a bioactive fucomannogalactan from the edible mushroom Hypsizygus marmoreus.
Dextran as an elicitor of phenylpropanoid and flavonoid biosynthesis in tomato fruit against gray mold infection.
Transcriptome-wide alternative splicing modulation during plant-pathogen interactions in wheat.
Si vis pacem para bellum: A prospective in silico analysis of miRNA-based plant defenses against fungal infections.
The wheat SnRK1alpha family and its contribution to Fusarium toxin tolerance.
Phytochemical, in-vitro biological and chemo-preventive profiling of Arisaema jacquemontii Blume tuber extracts.
"Enterocytozoon bieneusi and Cryptosporidium: a cross-sectional study conducted throughout Thailand".
Identifying protein complexes based on an edge weight algorithm and core-attachment structure.
Interactive effect of carbon source with influent COD/N on nitrogen removal and microbial community structure in subsurface flow constructed wetlands.
Assemblage of dematiaceous and Ingoldian fungi associated with leaf litter of decomposing Typha latifolia L. (Typhaceae) in riverine wetlands of the Pampean plain (Argentina) exposed to different water quality.
Melatonin facilitates lateral root development by coordinating PAO-derived hydrogen peroxide and Rboh-derived superoxide radical.
Probiotic properties and fatty acid composition of the yeast Kluyveromyces lactis M3. In vivo immunomodulatory activities in gilthead seabream (Sparus aurata).
Characterisation of three Novel beta-1,3 glucanases from the Medically Important House Dust Mite Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (airmid).
A microtiter plate-based quantitative method to monitor the growth rate of dermatophytes and test antifungal activity.
Fungal proliferation and hydrocarbon removal during biostimulation of oily sludge with high total petroleum hydrocarbon.
Strain improvement and immobilization technique for enhanced production of the anticancer drug paclitaxel by Aspergillus fumigatus and Alternaria tenuissima.
Assembly and characterisation of a unique onion diversity set identifies resistance to Fusarium basal rot and improved seedling vigour.
SUMO-Chain-Regulated Proteasomal Degradation Timing Exemplified in DNA Replication Initiation.
Bioactivity, physiological characteristics and efficacy of the SDHI fungicide pydiflumetofen against Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
The antifungal action mode of the rice endophyte Streptomyces hygroscopicus OsiSh-2 as a potential biocontrol agent against the rice blast pathogen.
Coix lacryma-jobi chymotrypsin inhibitor displays antifungal activity.
Stereoselective bioactivity of the chiral triazole fungicide prothioconazole and its metabolite.
Specific gut microbiome members are associated with distinct immune markers in pediatric allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Microbial community structure and the relationship with soil carbon and nitrogen in an original Korean pine forest of Changbai Mountain, China.
Role of MFS transporter Qdr2p in biofilm formation by Candida glabrata.
Removal of platinum (IV) from aqueous solutions with yeast-functionalised bentonite.
Localization, ligand environment, bioavailability and toxicity of mercury in Boletus spp. and Scutiger pes-caprae mushrooms.
Indoor exposure to Streptomyces albus and Aspergillus versicolor elevates the levels of spore-specific IgG, IgG1 and IgG3 serum antibodies in building users - A new ELISA-based assay for exposure assessment.
Members of the Euwallacea fornicatus species complex exhibit promiscuous mutualism with ambrosia fungi in Taiwan.
Nonribosomal peptides in fungal cell factories: from genome mining to optimized heterologous production.
Diagnostic value of a nested polymerase chain reaction for diagnosing cutaneous sporotrichosis from paraffin-embedded skin tissue.
Recombining your way out of trouble: The genetic architecture of hybrid fitness under environmental stress.
Proteostasis collapse, a hallmark of aging, hinders the chaperone-Start network and arrests cells in G1.
Natural polysaccharides with immunomodulatory activities.
First report on echinocandin resistant Polish Candida isolates.
Culturing and Mating of Aspergillus fumigatus.
Fast and Reliable PCR Amplification from Aspergillus fumigatus Spore Suspension Without Traditional DNA Extraction.
Differential physiological and biochemical responses of Quercus infectoria and Q. libani to drought and charcoal disease.
Effective treatment using itraconazole combined with terbinafine in the treatment of nasal sporotrichosis: A case report.
Genetic evidence for Magnaporthe oryzae vitamin B3 acquisition from rice cells.
Regulation of gene expression by the action of a fungal lncRNA on a transactivator.
16alpha-Hydroxytrametenolic acid from Poria cocos improves intestinal barrier function through glucocorticoid receptor mediated PI3K/Akt/NF-kappaB pathway.
Population structure and genetic diversity of Setosphaeria turcica from corn in Heilongjiang province, China.
Artificial Cultivation of the Chinese Cordyceps From Injected Ghost Moth Larvae.
alpha-Glucosidase inhibitors: consistency of in silico docking data with in vitro inhibitory data and inhibitory effect prediction of quercetin derivatives.
Functional Emesis.
Natural products against cancer: Review on phytochemicals from marine sources in preventing cancer.
HOW INFECTION SHAPED HISTORY: LESSONS FROM THE IRISH FAMINE.
Subcutaneous Scedosporiosis with Dissemination.
A Study of In vitro Antifungal Susceptibility Patterns of Dermatophytic Fungi at a Tertiary Care Center in Western India.
Changing Trend of Superficial Mycoses with Increasing Nondermatophyte Mold Infection: A Clinicomycological Study at a Tertiary Referral Center in Assam.
A Randomized, Double-blind Study of Amorolfine 5% Nail Lacquer with Oral Fluconazole Compared with Oral Fluconazole Alone in the Treatment of Fingernail Onychomycosis.
Compatibility between the endoparasitoid Hyposoter didymator and the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium brunneum: A laboratory simulation for the simultaneous use to control Spodoptera littoralis.
Coriolus versicolor-derived protein-bound polysaccharides trigger the caspase-independent cell death pathway in amelanotic but not melanotic melanoma cells.
The Sir4 H-BRCT domain interacts with phospho-proteins to sequester and repress yeast heterochromatin.
Inhibition of growth and ochratoxin A production in Aspergillus species by fungi isolated from coffee beans.
Growth improvement of Lolium multiflorum Lam. induced by seed inoculation with fungus suspension of Xerocomus badius and Serendipita indica.
Antimicrobial activities of biologically synthesized metal nanoparticles: an insight into the mechanism of action.
Production of sesterterpene ophiobolin by a bifunctional terpene synthase in Escherichia coli.
Autoinhibition and activation mechanisms of the eukaryotic lipid flippase Drs2p-Cdc50p.
Paracoccidioidomycosis of the Central Nervous System: CT and MR Imaging Findings.
Heterocyclic lactam derivatives containing piperonyl moiety as potential antifungal agents.
A Comparative Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Physiological Maturation Properties of Mycelia in Pleurotus tuoliensis.
The Soybean Laccase Gene Family: Evolution and Possible Roles in Plant Defense and Stem Strength Selection.
Genome-Wide Expression Profiling of Genes Associated with the Lr47-Mediated Wheat Resistance to Leaf Rust (Puccinia triticina).
Assessment of By-Product from Botryosphaeria rhodina MAMB-05 as an Effective Biosorbent of Pb(II).
DNA- and RNA- Derived Fungal Communities in Subsurface Aquifers Only Partly Overlap but React Similarly to Environmental Factors.
Characterization of the Key Aroma Compounds in Three Truffle Varieties from China by Flavoromics Approach.
The Efficiency of Deoxynivalenol Degradation by Essential Oils under In Vitro Conditions.
Identification of Long Non-Coding RNAs and the Regulatory Network Responsive to Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Colonization in Maize Roots.
Dual-mycorrhizal plants: their ecology and relevance.
Interaction between cobalt ferrite nanoparticles and Aspergillus niger spores.
Bioethanol production from woody stem Prosopis juliflora using thermo tolerant yeast Kluyveromyces marxianus and its kinetics studies.
Enhancing scleroglucan production by Sclerotium rolfsii WSH-G01 through a pH-shift strategy based on kinetic analysis.
Multi-target drugs active against leishmaniasis: A paradigm of drug repurposing.
Worldwide basket survey of multielemental composition of white button mushroom Agaricus bisporus.
Molecular identification and phytochemical screening of endophytic fungi isolated from Lithospermum officinale L. roots: A new source of shikonin.
Orbital mycoses in a pediatric subtropical population: a case series.
Production of anti-Trichophyton rubrum egg yolk immunoglobulin and its therapeutic potential for treating dermatophytosis.
Oilseed rape (Brassica napus) resistance to growth of Leptosphaeria maculans in leaves of young plants contributes to quantitative resistance in stems of adult plants.
Effector gene reshuffling involves dispensable mini-chromosomes in the wheat blast fungus.
Shuffling effector genes through mini-chromosomes.
Design and synthesis of fungal-selective resorcylate aminopyrazole Hsp90 inhibitors.
Hydrogen sulfide production by Saccharomyces cerevisiae UCD 522 in a synthetic grape juice medium deficient of thiamin (vitamin B1 ) and/or pyridoxine (vitamin B6 ).
Large-scale Molecular Evolutionary Analysis Uncovers a Variety of Polynucleotide Kinase Clp1 Family Proteins in the Three Domains of Life.
[Optimal operation modes of high frequency monopolar diathermocoagulation in endodontic treatment].
Pyrimethanil ionic liquids paired with various natural organic acid anions for reducing its adverse impacts on the environment.
A Viral Metagenomic Analysis Reveals Rich Viral Abundance and Diversity in Mosquitoes from Pig Farms.
Eucalyptus citriodora leaf extract mediated biosynthesis of silver nanoparticles: broad antimicrobial spectrum and mechanisms of action against hospital-acquired pathogens.
Occupational exposure to aflatoxins and health outcomes: a review.
Study of mastoparan analog peptides against Candida albicans and safety in zebrafish embryos (Danio rerio).
Medically important interactions of staphylococci with pathogenic fungi.
Is Candida auris here to stay? An interview with Dimitrios Kontoyiannis.
Phyllosticta citricarpa and sister species of global importance to Citrus.
Cytologic identification of fungal arthritis in a Labrador Retriever with disseminated Talaromyces helicus infection.
Prevalence of Bloodstream Infections in Children With Short-Bowel Syndrome With a Central Line Presenting to Emergency Department With Fever.
O/W Pickering emulsions stabilized by Flammulina velutipes polysaccharide nanoparticles as a fat substitute: the effects of phase separation on emulsified sausage \' s techno-functional and sensory quality.
Cultivation and growth dynamics of endophytic fungi in a solid culture medium based on sugar beet pulp.
Redirecting the lipid metabolism of the yeast Starmerella bombicola from glycolipid to fatty acid production.
Laboratory evolution strategies for improving lipid accumulation in Yarrowia lipolytica.
A Rare Case of Chromoblastomycosis in a 12-year-old boy.
A multi-omics analysis of the grapevine pathogen Lasiodiplodia theobromae reveals that temperature affects the expression of virulence- and pathogenicity-related genes.
Spontaneous whole-genome duplication restores fertility in interspecific hybrids.
Synthesis of Methyl Butyrate Catalyzed by Lipase from Aspergillus fumigatus.
Global Transcriptomic Analysis of the Candida albicans Response to Treatment with a Novel Inhibitor of Filamentation.
Regulation of the Neurospora Circadian Clock by the Spliceosome Component PRP5.
A novel double-stranded RNA mycovirus isolated from Trichoderma harzianum.
Pooled analysis of T2 Candida for rapid diagnosis of candidiasis.
Using a transcriptome sequencing approach to explore candidate resistance genes against stemphylium blight in the wild lentil species Lens ervoides.
Understanding the Effects of Lactose Hydrolysis Modeling on the Main Oligosaccharides in Goat Milk Whey Permeate.
Influence of pathogenic fungi on the life history and predation rate of mites attacking a psyllid pest.
Dissecting the plant exocyst.
Assessment of oxidative stress and phospholipids alterations in chloroacetanilides-degrading Trichoderma spp.
Antibiofilm efficacy of the gold compound auranofin on dual-species biofilms of Staphylococcus aureus and Candida spp.
A plant biostimulant made from the marine brown algae Ascophyllum nodosum and chitosan reduce Fusarium head blight and mycotoxin contamination in wheat.
Dynamics of Race Structures of the Rice Blast Pathogen Population in Heilongjiang Province, China From 2006 Through 2015.
Genome-Wide Linkage Mapping Reveals Stripe Rust Resistance in Common Wheat (Triticum aestivum) Xinong1376.
Development and Application of Real-Time and Conventional SSR-PCR Assays for Rapid and Sensitive Detection of Didymella pisi Associated with Ascochyta Blight of Dry Pea.
Quantifying Control Efficacy of Fungicides Commonly Applied for Potato Early Blight Management.
Isolation and Characterization of New Phenazine Metabolites with Antifungal Activity against Root-Rot Pathogens of Panax Notoginseng from Streptomyces.
Cold-modulated small proteins abundance in winter triticale (x Triticosecale, Wittm.) seedlings tolerant to the pink snow mould (Microdochium nivale, Samuels and Hallett) infection.
Biomass-Derived Dialdehyde Cellulose Cross-linked Chitosan-Based Nanocomposite Hydrogel with Phytosynthesized Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles for Enhanced Curcumin Delivery and Bioactivity.
Specific PCR-based detection of Phomopsis vexans the cause of leaf blight and fruit rot pathogen of Solanum melongena L.
From three-dimensional morphology to effective diffusivity in filamentous fungal pellets.
Role of Candida albicans on enamel demineralization and on acidogenic potential of Streptococcus mutans in vitro biofilms.
Isolating and identifying fungi to determine whether their biological properties have the potential to control the population density of mosquitoes.
Depiction of secondary metabolites and antifungal activity of Bacillus velezensis DTU001.
Identification and manipulation of Neurospora crassa genes involved in sensitivity to furfural.
Screening chemical modulators of benzoic acid derivatives to improve lipid accumulation in Schizochytrium limacinum SR21 with metabolomics analysis.
Influence of the carbohydrate-binding module on the activity of a fungal AA9 lytic polysaccharide monooxygenase on cellulosic substrates.
Decoding Wheat Endosphere-Rhizosphere Microbiomes in Rhizoctonia solani-Infested Soils Challenged by Streptomyces Biocontrol Agents.
Seasonal Dynamics of Soil Fungal and Bacterial Communities in Cool-Temperate Montane Forests.
Root-Associated Microbial Communities of Abies nordmanniana: Insights Into Interactions of Microbial Communities With Antioxidative Enzymes and Plant Growth.
Bacterial Profiling and Dynamic Succession Analysis of Phlebopus portentosus Casing Soil Using MiSeq Sequencing.
Origins and Evolution of the alpha-L-Fucosidases: From Bacteria to Metazoans.
A Systematic Review Exploring the Anticancer Activity and Mechanisms of Glucomannan.
MRSA outbreak in a tertiary neonatal intensive care unit in Iceland.
Extract prepared from the leaves of Ocimum basilicum inhibits the entry of Zika virus.
Vitek  MS v3.0 System in the Identification of Filamentous Fungi.
Dynamic QTL for adult plant resistance to powdery mildew in common wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Development of multiplex PCR to detect slow rust resistance genes Lr34 and Lr46 in wheat.
Initial microbial status modulates mycorrhizal inoculation effect on rhizosphere microbial communities.
Synergistic antifungal interactions of amphotericin B with 4-(5-methyl-1,3,4-thiadiazole-2-yl) benzene-1,3-diol.
Gene-diet interactions associated with complex trait variation in an advanced intercross outbred mouse line.
Transposon-Mediated Horizontal Transfer of the Host-Specific Virulence Protein ToxA between Three Fungal Wheat Pathogens.
The Formaldehyde Dehydrogenase SsFdh1 Is Regulated by and Functionally Cooperates with the GATA Transcription Factor SsNsd1 in Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
Self-fusion and fusion cell isolation of transformants derived from white rot fungus Phanerochaete sordida YK-624 by simple visual method.
13C metabolic flux analysis on roles of malate transporter in lipid accumulation of Mucor circinelloides.
Characterizing an engineered carotenoid-producing yeast as an anti-stress chassis for building cell factories.
Sweet Relief: Determining the Antimicrobial Activity of Medical Grade Honey Against Vaginal Isolates of Candida albicans.
A Glimpse into Genetic Diversity and Symbiont Interaction Patterns in Lichen Communities from Areas with Different Disturbance Histories in Bialowieza Forest, Poland.
Exposure to Bacterial and Fungal Aerosols: Microorganism Indices in A Waste-Sorting Plant in Poland.
The Root Endophytic Fungi Community Structure of Pennisetum sinese from Four Representative Provinces in China.
Comparative metabolic expressions of fermented soybeans according to different microbial starters.
The toxic unit approach as a risk indicator in honey bees surveillance programmes: A case of study in Apis mellifera iberiensis.
Lethal and sublethal toxicity assessment of Bacillus thuringiensis var. israelensis and Beauveria bassiana based bioinsecticides to the aquatic insect Chironomus riparius.
Vascular Plants Are Globally Significant Contributors to Marine Carbon Fluxes and Sinks.
Different DNA methylation profile is demonstrated in paracoccidioidomycosis patients without oral lesions.
Nucleosome Dynamics: a new tool for the dynamic analysis of nucleosome positioning.
Functional analysis of Cwc24 ZF-domain in 5 \'  splice site selection.
Anti-biofilm activity of a semi-synthetic molecule obtained from resveratrol against Candida albicans biofilm.
Ancient mitochondrial gene transfer between fungi and the orchids.
Local root ABA/cytokinin status and aquaporins regulate poplar responses to mild drought stress independently of the ectomycorrhizal fungus Laccaria bicolor.
Glycosylinositol phosphoceramide-specific phospholipase D activity catalyzes transphosphatidylation.
Preceding crop and tillage system affect winter survival of wheat and the fungal communities on young wheat roots and in soil.
Fungal plasma membrane domains
Availability of carbon and nitrogen in soil affects Metarhizium robertsii root colonization and transfer of insect-derived nitrogen.
Accurate estimation of microbial sequence diversity with Distanced.
Influence of the cultivation medium and pH on the pigmentation of Trichophyton rubrum.
Characterization of ecto- and endoparasite communities of wild Mediterranean teleosts by a metabarcoding approach.
Malaria vaccine candidates displayed on novel virus-like particles are immunogenic and induce transmission-blocking activity.
Natural Hydroxamate-Containing Siderophore Acremonpeptides A-D and an Aluminum Complex of Acremonpeptide D from the Marine-Derived Acremonium persicinum SCSIO 115.
Ganoderic acid A holds promising cytotoxicity on human glioblastoma mediated by incurring apoptosis and autophagy and inactivating PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
The LUFS domain, its transcriptional regulator proteins, and drug resistance in the fungal pathogen Candida auris.
Increased torulene production by the red yeast, Sporidiobolus pararoseus, using citrus juice.
Gluten-degrading proteases in wheat infected by Fusarium graminearum - protease identification and effects on gluten and dough properties.
Onychomycosis: Correlation between the dermoscopic patterns and fungal culture.
Genome-scale model of Rhodotorula toruloides metabolism.
The inner workings of intracellular heterotypic and homotypic membrane fusion mechanisms.
Mutations in the Membrane-Anchored SdhC Subunit Affect Fitness and Sensitivity to Succinate Dehydrogenase Inhibitors in Botrytis cinerea Populations from Multiple Hosts.
Unraveling the complexity of coffee leaf rust behavior and development in different Coffea arabica agro-ecosystems.
A comparative genomic analysis of the barley pathogen Pyrenophora teres f. teres identifies sub-telomeric regions as drivers of virulence.
A review on plant leaf fungal diseases and its environment speciation.
Antifungal and phytotoxic activity of benzoic acid derivatives from inflorescences of Piper cumanense.
Onychomycosis Associated with Superficial Skin Infection Due to Aspergillus sydowii in an Immunocompromised Patient.
Long-Term Carriage of Medicopsis romeroi, an Agent of Black-Grain Mycetoma, Presenting as Phaeohyphomycosis in a Renal Transplant Patient.
