Automated Decision Support for Drug-Induced Long QT.
Biochemical, serological, and genetic aspects related to gene HLA-DQB1 and its association with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM).
Reliable blood cancer cells \'  telomere length evaluation by qPCR.
Differential response to hepatic differentiation stimuli of amniotic epithelial cells isolated from four regions of the amniotic membrane.
Ficolin-1 gene (FCN1) -144 C/A polymorphism is associated with adverse outcome of severe pneumonia in the under-five Egyptian children: A multicenter study.
The pulse of the tree is under genetic control: eucalyptus as a case study.
Ab initio Folding of a Trefoil-fold Motif Reveals Structural similarity with a beta-propeller Blade Motif.
Emerging therapies in sickle cell disease.
Lack of multidrug-resistance associated protein 4 prolongs partial hepatectomy-induced hepatic steatosis.
Anti-melanoma differentiation-associated gene 5 dermatomyositis and Lung Disease.
Aggressive FUS-Mutant Motor Neuron Disease Without Profound Spinal Cord Pathology.
OsMYB80 regulates anther development and pollen fertility by targeting multiple biological pathways.
Characteristic Features of FUS Inclusions in Spinal Motor Neurons of Sporadic Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Oligodendrocyte dysfunction due to Chd8 mutation gives rise to behavioral deficits in mice.
Single cell transcriptome profiling of the human alcohol-dependent brain.
A novel homozygous mutation of phospholipase C zeta leading to defective human oocyte activation and fertilization failure.
Bacterial genes outnumber archaeal genes in eukaryotic genomes.
Self-reported Sleep Problems Related to Amyloid Deposition in Cortical Regions with High HOMER1 Gene Expression.
A genetic variant in microRNA-146a is associated with sporadic breast cancer in a Southern Brazilian Population.
Complete mitochondrial genome of the Florida manatee (Trichechus manatus latirotris, Sirenia).
Three Mexican Families with beta thalassemia intermedia with different molecular basis.
Nitrate esters alleviated coronary atherosclerosis via inhibition of NF-kappaB-regulated macrophage polarization shift in epicardial adipose tissue.
Androgen Suppresses Hyperosmolarity-Induced Inflammatory Mediators in Human Corneal Epithelial Cells.
Recent developments with advancing gene therapy to treat chronic infection with hepatitis B virus.
Vitamin D decreases CD40L gene expression in ulcerative colitis patients: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial.
A large genomic insertion containing a duplicated follistatin gene is linked to the pea aphid male wing dimorphism.
Mycoparasitism illuminated by genome and transcriptome sequencing of Coniothyrium minitans, an important biocontrol fungus of the plant pathogen Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
Nocardioides euryhalodurans sp. nov., Nocardioides seonyuensis sp. nov. and Nocardioides eburneiflavus sp. nov., isolated from soil.
Characterization of six clinical isolates of Chimaeribacter gen. nov., a novel genus related to the Yersiniaceae family and the three species Chimaeribacter arupi sp. nov., Chimaeribacter coloradensis sp. nov, and Chimaeribacter californicus sp. nov.
Graphene oxide nanoparticles induce hepatic dysfunction through the regulation of innate immune signaling in zebrafish (Danio rerio).
Ureaplasma species and preterm birth: current perspectives.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Ocular Sarcoidosis Confirms HLA Associations and Implicates Barrier Function and Autoimmunity in African Americans.
Genetic Association Analyses Highlight IL6, ALPL, and NAV1 As 3 New Susceptibility Genes Underlying Calcific Aortic Valve Stenosis.
Ocular phenotype of relaxin gene knock-out (Rln-/-) mice.
Intratracheal aerosolization of viral vectors to newborn pig airways.
A method combining TA cloning and fluorescence screening for rapid acquisition of transgenic seeds.
Improved third-generation lentiviral packaging with pLKO.1C vectors.
Alleles to enhance antioxidant content in maize - a genome-wide association approach.
Genome-edited adult stem cells: Next-generation advanced therapy medicinal products (ATMPs).
In vitro and in vivo evaluation of a moisture treatment cream containing three critical elements of natural skin moisturization.
Pregnancy-associated venous insufficiency course with placental and systemic oxidative stress.
FAM46C controls antibody production by the polyadenylation of immunoglobulin mRNAs and inhibits cell migration in multiple myeloma.
Microbial composition of enigmatic bird parasites: Wolbachia and Spiroplasma are the most important bacterial associates of quill mites (Acariformes: Syringophilidae).
Critical Mass: The Rise of a Touchscreen Technology Community for Rodent Cognitive Testing.
Efficient CRISPR/Cas9 mediated genome editing in the Olive Fruit Fly Bactrocera oleae.
Identification of two CUL7 variants in two Chinese families with 3-M syndrome by whole-exome sequencing.
Testing association of rare genetic variants with resistance to three common antiseizure medications.
Molecular Pathology of Lynch Syndrome.
Blue light induces major changes in the gene expression profile of the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
Pheromone receptors and their putative ligands: possible role in humans.
Nootropics use in the workplace: psychiatric and ethical aftermath towards the new frontier of bioengineering.
S-allyl cysteine protects retinal pigment epithelium cells from hydroquinone-induced apoptosis through mitigating cellular response to oxidative stress.
Zoledronic acid accelerates osteogenesis of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells by attenuating oxidative stress via the SIRT3/SOD2 pathway and thus alleviates osteoporosis.
MiRNA-1297 inhibits myocardial fibrosis by targeting ULK1.
LINC00511 accelerates the proliferation of cardiomyocytes after myocardial ischemia/reperfusion injury by absorbing miRNA-515-5p.
Effect of imatinib on DOCA-induced myocardial fibrosis in rats through P38 MAPK signaling pathway.
Effect of miR-223 on thrombophlebitis rats through regulating Toll-like receptor signaling pathway.
HSF1 promotes the viability of islet beta-cells via upregulating SIRPalpha expression.
MicroRNA-29b promotes cell sensitivity to Temozolomide by targeting STAT3 in glioma.
LncRNA AK024094 aggravates the progression of breast cancer through regulating miRNA-181a.
Up-regulation of SNHG15 facilitates cell proliferation, migration, invasion and suppresses cell apoptosis in breast cancer by regulating miR-411-5p/VASP axis.
Circular RNA_LARP4 inhibits the progression of non-small-cell lung cancer by regulating the expression of SMAD7.
TM4SF1 facilitates non-small cell lung cancer progression through regulating YAP-TEAD pathway.
Metabolites of intestinal microflora upregulate miR-192-5p to suppress proliferation of colon cancer cells via RhoA-ROCK-LIMK2 pathway.
MiR-130a regulating the biological function of colon cancer by targeting inhibition of PTEN.
MiRNA-802 inhibits the metastasis of colorectal cancer by targeting FOXE1.
Circ_0001982 accelerates the progression of colorectal cancer via sponging microRNA-144.
Circ_0009910 promotes proliferation and metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma cells through miR-335-5p/ROCK1 axis.
MicroRNA 1301 inhibits cisplatin resistance in human ovarian cancer cells by regulating EMT and autophagy.
LncRNA LUCAT1 promotes proliferation of ovarian cancer cells by regulating miR-199a-5p expression.
Synovial mesenchymal stem cells effectively alleviate osteoarthritis through promoting the proliferation and differentiation of meniscus chondrocytes.
Potential correlation between EDN1 gene polymorphisms with preeclampsia.
DHA inhibits Gremlin-1-induced epithelial-to-mesenchymal transitionvia ERK suppression in human breast cancer cells.
Introgression of Eastern Chinese and Southern Chinese haplotypes contributes to the improvement of fertility and immunity in European modern pigs.
Chromosome-level genome assembly and annotation of the loquat (Eriobotrya japonica) genome.
Essential role of syntaxin-binding protein-1 in the regulation of glucagon-like peptide-1 secretion.
Maternal transmission of mitochondrial diseases.
Roles of the mitochondrial replisome in mitochondrial DNA deletion formation.
SSD - a free software for designing multimeric mono-, bi- and trivalent shRNAs.
Total synthesis of alkaloids using both chemical and biochemical methods.
Self-responsive co-delivery system for remodeling tumor intracellular microenvironment to promote PTEN-mediated anti-tumor therapy.
5-Heptadecylresorcinol attenuates oxidative damage and mitochondria-mediated apoptosis through activation of the SIRT3/FOXO3a signaling pathway in neurocytes.
Isoliquiritigenin exerts antioxidative and anti-inflammatory effects via activating the KEAP-1/Nrf2 pathway and inhibiting the NF-kappaB and NLRP3 pathways in carrageenan-induced pleurisy.
Identification of 2 Potential Core Genes for Influence of Gut Probiotics on Formation of Intracranial Aneurysms by Bioinformatics Analysis.
Long non-coding RNA growth arrest-specific transcript 5 regulates rheumatoid arthritis by targeting homeodomain-interacting protein kinase 2.
AGT, targeted by miR-149-5p, promotes IL-6-induced inflammatory responses of chondrocytes in osteoarthritis via activating JAK2/STAT3 pathway.
MiR-509-3-5p-NONHSAT112228.2 Axis Regulates p21 and Suppresses Proliferation and Migration of Lung Cancer Cells.
Gene Therapy Approaches in an Autoimmune Demyelinating Disease: Multiple Sclerosis.
CD109 antigen-like gene is induced by ecdysone signaling and involved in the cellular immunity of Helicoverpa armigera.
Impact of glioblastoma multiforme associated mutations on the structure and function of MAP/Microtubule affinity regulating kinase 4.
Nbr1-regulated autophagy in Lactoferrin-induced osteoblastic differentiation.
Exogenous application of harpin protein Hpa1 onto Pinellia ternata induces systemic resistance against tobacco mosaic virus.
Promoter hypermethylation of PIWI/piRNA pathway genes associated with diminished pachytene piRNA production in bovine hybrid male sterility.
The role of interleukin 4 and IL-4RA in intervertebral disc degeneration: investigation of single nucleotide polymorphisms in genes and a systematic review &amp; meta-analysis of IL-4 expression level.
Genetic testing for inherited ocular conditions in a developing country.
ABA-dependent K+ flux is one of the important features of the drought response that distinguishes Catalpa from two different habitats.
Role of interspecies bacterial communication in the virulence of pathogenic bacteria.
The role of vasopressin V1A and oxytocin OTR receptors in protective effects of arginine vasopressin against H2O2-induced oxidative stress in H9C2 cells.
Understanding the Molecular Mechanisms of Asthma through Transcriptomics.
Expression profiles of the MXD3 gene and association of sequence variants with growth traits in Xianan and Qinchuan cattle.
KCML: a machine-learning framework for inference of multi-scale gene functions from genetic perturbation screens.
Prognostic impact of gene copy number instability and tumor mutation burden in patients with resectable gastric cancer.
Sex differences in mechanisms of disease.
Genome-wide identification and characterization of the BES1 gene family in apple (Malus domestica).
Appropriateness of array-CGH in the ADHD clinics: a comparative study.
Expansion of the phenotype of lateral meningocele syndrome.
Mcl1 protein levels and Caspase-7 executioner protease control axial organizer cells survival.
Isolation and characterization of a new MATE gene located in the same chromosome arm of the aluminum tolerance (Alt1) rye locus.
New genetic variations discovered in KRAS wild-type cetuximab resistant chinese colorectal cancer patients.
beta-glucan is a major growth substrate for human gut bacteria related to Coprococcus eutactus.
Intravascular Follistatin gene delivery improves glycemic control in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
A data-driven methodology reveals novel myofiber clusters in older human muscles.
An in-vitro mechanical strain three-dimensional culture model: periodontal ligament cell viability, apoptosis, and endoplasmic reticulum stress response.
Iron Alters Ca2+ Homeostasis in Doxorubicin-Resistant K562 Cells.
PTPN14, a target gene of miR-4295, restricts the growth and invasion of osteosarcoma cells through inactivation of YAP1 signaling.
Termination of acute stress response by the endocannabinoid system is regulated through LSD1-mediated transcriptional repression of 2-AG hydrolases ABHD6 and MAGL.
Differential expression of five prosomatostatin genes in the central nervous system of the catshark Scyliorhinus canicula.
C-di-GMP with influenza vaccine showed enhanced and shifted immune responses in microneedle vaccination in the skin.
Detection of Cryptosporidium parvum in a Red-Eared Slider Turtle (Trachemys scripta elegans), a Noted Invasive Alien Species, Captured in a Rural Aquatic Ecosystem in Eastern Poland.
Molecular Investigation of the Status of Ticks on Infected Cattle for Coxiella burnetii in India.
Appraisal of disease-modifying potential of amlodipine as an anti-arthritic agent: new indication for an old drug.
Isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ)-based proteomic analysis of mRNA splicing relevant proteins in aging HSPCs.
Analysis of 2,4-epibrassinolide created an enhancement tolerance on Cd toxicity in Solanum nigrum L.
Associations between genetic variants of the insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) gene and growth traits in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax, L.).
Coenzyme Q10 in association with metabolism-related AMPK/PFKFB3 and angiogenic VEGF/VEGFR2 genes in breast cancer patients.
Multifactor dimensionality reduction reveals a strong gene-gene interaction between STC1 and COL11A1 genes as a possible risk factor of knee osteoarthritis.
Small-scale population genetic structure of the sand bubbler crab Scopimera ryukyuensis in the Ryukyu Islands, Japan.
Evidence that TNF-beta suppresses osteoblast differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells and resveratrol reverses it through modulation of NF-kappaB, Sirt1 and Runx2.
Investigation of the therapeutic mechanism of subthreshold micropulse laser irradiation in retina.
Clinical exome sequencing in neuromuscular diseases: an experience from Turkey.
Systematic genome editing of the genes spanning an entire chromosome by CRISPR/Cas9 in a vertebrate-zebrafish (Danio rerio).
Genome-wide DNA Methylation Analysis of Mantle Edge and Mantle Central from Pearl Oyster Pinctada fucata martensii.
Effect of nanoscale bioactive glass with radial spherical particles on osteogenic differentiation of rat bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells.
Altered expression of apoptosis-related, circulating cell-free miRNAs in children with familial Mediterranean fever: a cross-sectional study.
Phosphate-sensing and regulatory mechanism of FGF23 production.
Functionalized Folate-Modified Graphene Oxide/PEI siRNA Nanocomplexes for Targeted Ovarian Cancer Gene Therapy.
South African bovine ephemeral fever virus glycoprotein sequences are phylogenetically distinct from those from the rest of the world.
Complete genome sequence and analysis of a novel lymphocystivirus detected in whitemouth croaker (Micropogonias furnieri): lymphocystis disease virus 4.
A novel deep-sea bacteriophage possesses features of Wbeta-like viruses and prophages.
Luteimonas cellulosilyticus sp. nov., Cellulose-Degrading Bacterium Isolated from Soil in Changguangxi National Wetland Park, China.
i6mA-Fuse: improved and robust prediction of DNA 6 mA sites in the Rosaceae genome by fusing multiple feature representation.
Cloning and characterization of low-temperature adapted GH5-CBM3 endo-cellulase from Bacillus subtilis 1AJ3 and their application in the saccharification of switchgrass and coffee grounds.
Skeletal and mineral metabolic effects of risedronate in a rat model of high-turnover renal osteodystrophy.
Mitochondrial noncoding RNA-regulatory network in cardiovascular disease.
Genome-wide identification of the NPR1-like gene family in Brassica napus and functional characterization of BnaNPR1 in resistance to Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
Modulation of Transient Receptor Potential Channels 3 and 6 Regulates Osteoclast Function with Impact on Trabecular Bone Loss.
Pharmacological targeting of alpha3beta4 nicotinic receptors improves peripheral insulin sensitivity in mice with diet-induced obesity.
Yeast engineered translucent cell wall to provide its endosymbiont cyanobacteria with light.
GXD \' s RNA-Seq and Microarray Experiment Search: using curated metadata to reliably find mouse expression studies of interest.
Inflammation triggered by saturated fat ingestion is linked to insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism in PCOS.
Successful field performance in dry-warm environments of soybean expressing the sunflower transcription factor HaHB4.
Inherited missense mutation occurred Arginine76 of SRY gene not account for familial 46, XY sex reversal.
Correction: Comprehensive analysis of long noncoding RNA and mRNA in five colorectal cancer tissues and five normal tissue.
Novel Liquid Biopsy Test Based on a Sensitive Methylated SEPT9 Assay for Diagnosing Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Pirfenidone Is an Agonistic Ligand for PPARalpha and Improves NASH by Activation of SIRT1/LKB1/pAMPK.
mTOR pathway somatic variants and the molecular pathogenesis of hemimegalencephaly.
Defining the biosynthesis of ketocarotenoids in Chromochloris zofingiensis.
Genome-wide identification and characterization of the lateral organ boundaries domain gene family in Brassica rapa var. rapa.
Genetic characterization of the entire range of Cycas panzhihuaensis (Cycadaceae).
Neuron-specific knockdown of solute carrier protein SLC25A46a induces locomotive defects, an abnormal neuron terminal morphology, learning disability, and shortened lifespan.
Association of promoter methylation of RASSF1A and KRAS mutations in non-small cell lung carcinoma in Kashmiri population (India).
A proposed reverse transcription mechanism for (CAG)n and similar expandable repeats that cause neurological and other diseases.
Synergic effects of exercise training and octopamine on peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator -1a and uncoupling protein 1 mRNA in heart tissue of rat treated with deep frying oil.
The Prosigna 50-gene profile and responsiveness to adjuvant anthracycline-based chemotherapy in high-risk breast cancer patients.
Selection of HER2/NEU negative tumor cells as a mechanism of resistance to trastuzumab in uterine serous carcinoma.
Primary peritoneal clear cell carcinoma. A case report and literature review.
Dataset of allele, genotype and haplotype frequencies of four polymorphisms filaggrin gene in Russian patients with atopic dermatitis.
Transcriptomic data of Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium str. 14028S treated with novobiocin.
Bioinformatic tools for tRNA gene analyses in mitochondrial DNA sequence data.
Draft genome sequence data of Bacillus subtilis strain 9407, isolated from healthy apples in China.
Evening exercise is associated with lower odds of visual field progression in Chinese patients with primary open angle glaucoma.
The Integrated Transcriptome Bioinformatics Analysis Identifies Key Genes and Cellular Components for Spinal Cord Injury-Related Neuropathic Pain.
Transcription Factor Engineering for High-Throughput Strain Evolution and Organic Acid Bioproduction: A Review.
Realization of Robust and Precise Regulation of Gene Expression by Multiple Sigma Recognizable Artificial Promoters.
Cold Formalin Fixation Guarantees DNA Integrity in Formalin Fixed Paraffin Embedded Tissues: Premises for a Better Quality of Diagnostic and Experimental Pathology With a Specific Impact on Breast Cancer.
Composition and functional profiling of the microbiota in the casts of Eisenia fetida during vermicomposting of brewers \'  spent grains.
Strategies to engage lost to follow-up patients with phenylketonuria in the United States: Best practice recommendations.
The morphological and molecular identification of the tapeworm, Taenia lynciscapreoli, in intermediate and definitive hosts in Poland.
Probiotics modulate the microbiota-gut-brain axis and improve memory deficits in aged SAMP8 mice.
Protective role of berberine on ulcerative colitis through modulating enteric glial cells-intestinal epithelial cells-immune cells interactions.
Effect of Debaryomyces hansenii combined with Qiweibaizhu powder extract on the gut microbiota of antibiotic-treated mice with diarrhea.
Improvement of l-arginine production by in silico genome-scale metabolic network model guided genetic engineering.
Manipulating ATP supply improves in situ CO2 recycling by reductive TCA cycle in engineered Escherichia coli.
Identification of the key genes involved in the regulation of symbiotic pathways induced by Metarhizium anisopliae in peanut (Arachis hypogaea) roots.
miRNA125b Downregulation: A Review of the Novel Paradigm of Psoriasis Epigenetic Regulation.
Association of Polymorphisms in the Promoter Region of NOS2A Gene with Primary Knee Osteoarthritis in the Greek Population.
Novel association between TGFA, TGFB1, IRF1, PTGS2 and IKBKB single-nucleotide polymorphisms and occurrence, severity and treatment response of major depressive disorder.
Genome sequencing of Aspergillus glaucus  \' CCHA \'  provides insights into salt-stress adaptation.
lncRNA-mRNA competing endogenous RNA network in IR-hepG2 cells ameliorated by APBBR decreasing ROS levels: a systematic analysis.
The detection of trans gene fragments of hEPO in gene doping model mice by Taqman qPCR assay.
Transcriptome analysis and transcription factors responsive to drought stress in Hibiscus cannabinus.
SERPINA1 gene identified in RNA-Seq showed strong association with milk protein concentration in Chinese Holstein cows.
Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein as Biomarker Indicates Purity and Property of Auricular Chondrocytes.
The Challenge of Diagnosing SAVI: Case Studies.
Malignant transformation in a Breast Adenomyoepithelioma Caused by Amplification of c-MYC: A Common pathway to Cancer in a Rare Entity.
Matrix Metallopeptidase 3 Polymorphisms: Emerging genetic Markers in Human Breast Cancer Metastasis.
The special considerations of gene therapy for mitochondrial diseases.
Evolution and roles of cytokinin genes in angiosperms 2: Do ancient CKXs play housekeeping roles while non-ancient CKXs play regulatory roles?
Evolution and roles of cytokinin genes in angiosperms 1: Do ancient IPTs play housekeeping while non-ancient IPTs play regulatory roles?
QTL mapping and identification of SNP-haplotypes affecting yield components of Theobroma cacao L.
Identification and distribution of a single nucleotide polymorphism responsible for the catechin content in tea plants.
A temporal gene expression map of Chrysanthemum leaves infected with Alternaria alternata reveals different stages of defense mechanisms.
Photooxidative stress activates a complex multigenic response integrating the phenylpropanoid pathway and ethylene, leading to lignin accumulation in apple (Malus domestica Borkh.) fruit.
MdATG18a overexpression improves basal thermotolerance in transgenic apple by decreasing damage to chloroplasts.
Autoantigens in the trabecular meshwork and glaucoma-specific alterations in the natural autoantibody repertoire.
Label-free quantitative identification of abnormally ubiquitinated proteins as useful biomarkers for human lung squamous cell carcinomas.
Genome sequencing of gut symbiotic Bacillus velezensis LC1 for bioethanol production from bamboo shoots.
Large-scale kinetic metabolic models of Pseudomonas putida KT2440 for consistent design of metabolic engineering strategies.
Downregulation of miR-26b-5p, miR-204-5p, and miR-497-3p Expression Facilitates Exercise-Induced Physiological Cardiac Hypertrophy by Augmenting Autophagy in Rats.
Nanopore Sequencing in Blood Diseases: A Wide Range of Opportunities.
Discovery of the Genomic Region and Candidate Genes of the Scarlet Red Flesh Color (Yscr ) Locus in Watermelon (Citrullus Lanatus L.).
Alternative Splicing and DNA Damage Response in Plants.
The FACT Histone Chaperone: Tuning Gene Transcription in the Chromatin Context to Modulate Plant Growth and Development.
Genetic Engineering of the Kidney to Permanently Silence MHC Transcripts During ex vivo Organ Perfusion.
A Thermo-Active Laccase Isoenzyme From Trametes trogii and Its Potential for Dye Decolorization at High Temperature.
The Link Between the Ecology of the Prokaryotic Rare Biosphere and Its Biotechnological Potential.
Molecular Characterization of Staphylococcus aureus Plasmids Associated With Strains Isolated From Various Retail Meats.
Microbial and Viral Communities and Their Antibiotic Resistance Genes Throughout a Hospital Wastewater Treatment System.
Feed Additives Differentially Impact the Epimural Microbiota and Host Epithelial Gene Expression of the Bovine Rumen Fed Diets Rich in Concentrates.
A Transcriptome Analysis: Various Reasons of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Caused by Acute Toxoplasma gondii Infection.
ROBO4 deletion ameliorates PAF-mediated skin inflammation via regulating the mRNA translation efficiency of LPCAT1/LPCAT2 and the expression of PAF receptor.
Knockdown of SMAD3 inhibits the growth and enhances the radiosensitivity of lung adenocarcinoma via p21 in vitro and in vivo.
DNA methylation is involved in the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis by regulating CtBP expression and CtBP-mediated signaling.
Innate Lymphoid Cells at the Maternal-Fetal Interface in Human Pregnancy.
Aldehyde Dehydrogenase, Liver Disease and Cancer.
Exosomes Transmit Viral Genetic Information and Immune Signals may cause Immunosuppression and Immune Tolerance in ALV-J Infected HD11 cells.
Inhibition of melanogenesis by sodium 2-mercaptoethanesulfonate.
Connecting the dots between SHP2 and glutamate receptors.
Update Breast Cancer 2020 Part 1 - Early Breast Cancer: Consolidation of Knowledge About Known Therapies.
Interplay between whole-genome doubling and the accumulation of deleterious alterations in cancer evolution.
Lysine 4 of histone H3.3 is required for embryonic stem cell differentiation, histone enrichment at regulatory regions and transcription accuracy.
Monitoring protein communities and their responses to therapeutics.
Evolution and function of interleukin-4 receptor signaling in adaptive immunity and neutrophils.
Potent CAR-T cells engineered with Sleeping Beauty transposon vectors display a central memory phenotype.
Targeting of inflammatory pathways with R2CHOP in high-risk DLBCL.
Induction of secondary metabolite production by hygromycin B and identification of the 1233A biosynthetic gene cluster with a self-resistance gene.
Streptomyces acidicola sp. nov., isolated from a peat swamp forest in Thailand.
The proprotein convertase furin is a pro-oncogenic driver in KRAS and BRAF driven colorectal cancer.
Development of a CRISPR/Cas9n-based tool for metabolic engineering of Pseudomonas putida for ferulic acid-to-polyhydroxyalkanoate bioconversion.
Gene presence-absence variation associates with quantitative Verticillium longisporum disease resistance in Brassica napus.
Tuning up microbiome analysis to monitor WWTPs \'  biological reactors functioning.
Hippocampal TNF-death receptors, caspase cell death cascades, and IL-8 in alcohol use disorder.
The mitochondrial inner membrane protein LETM1 modulates cristae organization through its LETM domain.
Transcriptomic signatures of brain regional vulnerability to Parkinson \' s disease.
Gene expression variation in the brains of harvester ant foragers is associated with collective behavior.
Characterization of tomato protein kinases embedding guanylate cyclase catalytic center motif.
The evolution of zebrafish RAG2 protein is required for adapting to the elevated body temperature of the higher endothermic vertebrates.
Author Correction: Identification of novel dysregulated key genes in Breast cancer through high throughput ChIP-Seq data analysis.
De novo transcriptome of the diatom Cylindrotheca closterium identifies genes involved in the metabolism of anti-inflammatory compounds.
Genome composition analysis of multipartite BNYVV reveals the occurrence of genetic re-assortment in the isolates of Asia Minor and Thrace.
Cannabidiol is an effective helper compound in combination with bacitracin to kill Gram-positive bacteria.
Shared Causal Paths underlying Alzheimer \' s dementia and Type 2 Diabetes.
Ebselen as template for stabilization of A4V mutant dimer for motor neuron disease therapy.
A highly conserved complete accessory Escherichia coli type III secretion system 2 is widespread in bloodstream isolates of the ST69 lineage.
Genotypic characterization of multiple drug resistant Escherichia coli isolates from a pediatric cancer hospital in Egypt.
Exercise intensity and physical fitness modulate lipoproteins profile during acute aerobic exercise session.
Shared transcriptional responses to con- and heterospecific behavioral antagonists in a wild songbird.
A prolonged multispecies outbreak of IMP-6 carbapenemase-producing Enterobacterales due to horizontal transmission of the IncN plasmid.
Rapid isothermal duplex real-time recombinase polymerase amplification (RPA) assay for the diagnosis of equine piroplasmosis.
Temporal changes in the gene expression heterogeneity during brain development and aging.
Antimicrobial biosynthetic potential and diversity of culturable soil actinobacteria from forest ecosystems of Northeast India.
Exploring the role of the Ser9Gly (rs6280) Dopamine D3 receptor polymorphism in nicotine reinforcement and cue-elicited craving.
Trem2 Splicing and Expression are Preserved in a Human Abeta-producing, Rat Knock-in Model of Trem2-R47H Alzheimer \' s Risk Variant.
Classification models for Invasive Ductal Carcinoma Progression, based on gene expression data-trained supervised machine learning.
Functionally Enigmatic Genes in Cancer: Using TCGA Data to Map the Limitations of Annotations.
Genome-wide transcriptome and physiological analyses provide new insights into peanut drought response mechanisms.
MicroRNA-144 represses gliomas progression and elevates susceptibility to Temozolomide by targeting CAV2 and FGF7.
Identification of novel breast cancer susceptibility loci in meta-analyses conducted among Asian and European descendants.
Dominant resistance and negative epistasis can limit the co-selection of de novo resistance mutations and antibiotic resistance genes.
A genome-wide approach for identification and characterisation of metabolite-inducible systems.
Vascular progenitors generated from tankyrase inhibitor-regulated naive diabetic human iPSC potentiate efficient revascularization of ischemic retina.
Trajectory-based differential expression analysis for single-cell sequencing data.
Depletion of ID3 enhances mesenchymal stem cells therapy by targeting BMP4 in Sjogren \' s syndrome.
Long Non-Coding RNA Taurine Upregulated Gene 1 (TUG1) Downregulation Constrains Cell Proliferation and Invasion through Regulating Cell Division Cycle 42 (CDC42) Expression Via MiR-498 in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma Cells.
SIRT3 inhibits cardiac hypertrophy by regulating PARP-1 activity.
Genetic variants in RET, ARHGEF3 and CTNNAL1, and relevant interaction networks, contribute to the risk of Hirschsprung disease.
Alpaca (Vicugna pacos), the first nonprimate species with a phosphoantigen-reactive Vgamma9Vdelta2 T cell subset.
Distinct signaling and transcriptional pathways regulate peri-weaning development and cold-induced recruitment of beige adipocytes.
MicroRNAs organize intrinsic variation into stem cell states.
Activation of retinal angiogenesis in hyperglycemic pdx1 -/- zebrafish mutants.
Role of Proinsulin Self-Association in Mutant INS gene-induced Diabetes of Youth.
Metagenome Sequences from Tidal Marsh and Marine Sediment from the Great Bay Estuary of New Hampshire.
Draft Genome Sequences of Four Saccharibacter sp. Strains Isolated from Native Bees.
Draft Genome Sequence of a New Zealand Isolate of Mycoplasma ovipneumoniae.
Complete Genome Sequence of Burkholderia sp. Strain THE68, a Bacterial Symbiont Isolated from Midgut Crypts of the Seed Bug Togo hemipterus.
Comparative Analysis of Gut Microbiota in Two Populations of Argopecten purpuratus (Lamarck, 1819) Based on 16S rRNA Gene Amplicon Data.
Draft Genome Sequence of Andreprevotia sp. Strain IGB-42, a Chitinolytic Bacterium Isolated from a Soil Sample of an Anthill in Stuttgart, Germany.
Sequencing metabolically labeled transcripts in single cells reveals mRNA turnover strategies.
Post-2020 goals overlook genetic diversity.
An atlas of the protein-coding genes in the human, pig, and mouse brain.
Spatially remote motifs cooperatively affect substrate preference of a ruminal GH26-type endo-beta-1,4-mannanase.
Inhibition of the polyamine synthesis enzyme ornithine decarboxylase sensitizes triple-negative breast cancer cells to cytotoxic chemotherapy.
Increased dystrophin production with golodirsen in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Compensatory guaiacyl lignin biosynthesis at the expense of syringyl lignin in 4CL1-knockout poplar.
N-terminal acetylation stabilizes SIGMA FACTOR BINDING PROTEIN 1 involved in salicylic acid-primed cell death.
Limits to sustained energy intake. XXX. Constraint or restraint? Manipulations of food supply show peak food intake in lactation is constrained.
Octopamine mobilizes lipids from honey bee (Apis mellifera) hypopharyngeal glands.
Re-Imagining Cystic Fibrosis Care: Next Generation Thinking.
Glanzmann thrombasthenia: genetic basis and clinical correlates.
The adrenergic-induced ERK3 pathway drives lipolysis and suppresses energy dissipation.
The senotherapeutic drug ABT-737 disrupts aberrant p21 expression to restore liver regeneration in adult mice.
Loss of an H3K9me anchor rescues laminopathy-linked changes in nuclear organization and muscle function in an Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy model.
PARP inhibition enhances radiotherapy of SMAD4 deficient human head and neck squamous cell carcinomas in experimental models.
Methylated Vnn1 at promoter regions induces asthma occurrence via the PI3K/Akt/NFkappaB-mediated inflammation in the IUGR mice.
Macrophage immunophenotype but not anti-inflammatory profile is modulated by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma) in exercised obese mice.
Exercise and the Kynurenine pathway: Current state of knowledge and results from a randomized cross-over study comparing acute effects of endurance and resistance training.
Key viral immune genes and pathways identify elite athletes with URS.
Expression Profiling of Driver Genes in Female Never-smokers With Non-adenocarcinoma Non-small-cell Lung Cancer in China.
LncRNA TMPO-AS1 up-regulates the expression of HIF-1alpha and promotes the malignant phenotypes of retinoblastoma cells via sponging miR-199a-5p.
The ABCD-GENE Score for Clopidogrel Response: Not Just Another Cardiac Risk Model.
Derivation, Validation, and Prognostic Utility of a Prediction Rule for Nonresponse to Clopidogrel: The ABCD-GENE Score.
Evaluation of anticancer effects of a pharmaceutically viable extract of a traditional polyherbal mixture against non-small-cell lung cancer cells.
Targeted gene panel sequencing in early infantile onset developmental and epileptic encephalopathy.
Clinical and Molecular Diagnosis of Joubert Syndrome and Related Disorders.
An integrated molecular profile of endometrioid ovarian cancer.
Risk of endometrial cancer among women with benign ovarian tumors - A Danish nationwide cohort study.
Palmatine alleviates hyperalgesia by inhibiting the expression of calcitonin gene-related peptide in the trigeminal ganglion of rats with chronic constriction injury of the infraorbital nerve.
AFF4 enhances odontogenic differentiation of human dental pulp cells.
Systemic Klotho therapy protects against insulitis and enhances beta-cell mass in NOD mice.
Moyamoya disease patient mutations in the RING domain of RNF213 reduce its ubiquitin ligase activity and enhance NFkappaB activation and apoptosis in an AAA+ domain-dependent manner.
MLL2 regulates glucocorticoid receptor-mediated transcription of ENACalpha in human retinal pigment epithelial cells.
Intact pap2 downstream of mcr-1 appears to be required for colistin resistance.
Intestinal carriage of colistin resistant Enterobacteriaceae in hospitalized patients from an Indian center.
Next-Generation Sequencing of Retinoblastoma Identifies Pathogenic Alterations beyond RB1 Inactivation That Correlate with Aggressive Histopathologic Features.
Genomic profiling of multiple myeloma: New insights and modern technologies.
Monitoring minimal residual disease in the bone marrow using next generation sequencing.
Large genetic diversity of Arcobacter butzleri isolated from raw milk in Southern Italy.
Development of an S-layer gene-based PCR-DGGE assay for monitoring dominant Lactobacillus helveticus strains in natural whey starters of Grana Padano cheese.
Amplicon sequencing reveals the bacterial diversity in milk, dairy premises and Serra da Canastra artisanal cheeses produced by three different farms.
Comparative genomics of Lactobacillus fermentum suggests a free-living lifestyle of this lactic acid bacterial species.
Proteomic study of Enterococcus durans LAB18S growing on prebiotic oligosaccharides.
Phenotype and genomic background of Arcobacter butzleri strains and taxogenomic assessment of the species.
Vasopressin inactivation: Role of insulin-regulated aminopeptidase.
Vasotocin and the origins of the vasopressin/oxytocin receptor gene family.
Type I interferons and endoplasmic reticulum stress in health and disease.
Sarcoplasmic reticulum and calcium signaling in muscle cells: Homeostasis and disease.
Overexpression and Mutation of p53 Exons 4-8 in Canine Intestinal Adenocarcinoma.
EIF5A2 is highly expressed in anaplastic thyroid carcinoma and is associated with tumor growth by modulating TGF-beta signals.
Description and phylogenetic analyses of ribosomal transcription units from species of Fasciolidae (Platyhelminthes: Digenea).
From single gene analysis to single cell profiling: a new era for precision medicine.
Microbial enhanced oil recovery through deep profile control using a conditional bacterial cellulose-producing strain derived from Enterobacter sp. FY-07.
In vivo visualization of the i-motif DNA secondary structure in the Bombyx mori testis.
Meta-analysis of human prefrontal cortex reveals activation of GFAP and decline of synaptic transmission in the aging brain.
Decontamination of ambient RNA in single-cell RNA-seq with DecontX.
Ultrasensitive DNA hypermethylation detection using plasma for early detection of NSCLC: a study in Chinese patients with very small nodules.
Developmental nicotine exposure engenders intergenerational downregulation and aberrant posttranslational modification of cardinal epigenetic factors in the frontal cortices, striata, and hippocampi of adolescent mice.
Multiplexed capture of spatial configuration and temporal dynamics of locus-specific 3D chromatin by biotinylated dCas9.
Escherichia coli sigma70 promoters allow expression rate control at the cellular level in genome-integrated expression systems.
An efficient gene disruption method for the woody plant pathogen Botryosphaeria dothidea.
Silencing of microRNA-210 inhibits the progression of liver cancer and hepatitis B virus-associated liver cancer via targeting EGR3.
Novel myocardial markers GADD45G and NDUFS5 identified by RNA-sequencing predicts left ventricular reverse remodeling in advanced non-ischemic heart failure: a retrospective cohort study.
Effects of fenclorim on rice physiology, gene transcription and pretilachlor detoxification ability.
Identification of methylation states of DNA regions for Illumina methylation BeadChip.
Evidence for a novel overlapping coding sequence in POLG initiated at a CUG start codon.
A framework using topological pathways for deeper analysis of transcriptome data.
Transcriptome co-expression network analysis identifies key genes and regulators of ripening kiwifruit ester biosynthesis.
Identification of tissue-specific and cold-responsive lncRNAs in Medicago truncatula by high-throughput RNA sequencing.
Genome-wide identification of Diacylglycerol Acyltransferases (DGAT) family genes influencing Milk production in Buffalo.
Genome-wide discovery and functional prediction of salt-responsive lncRNAs in duckweed.
Genome-wide identification of loci associated with growth in rainbow trout.
Nitric oxide is involved in the brassinolide-induced adventitious root development in cucumber.
Detecting horizontal gene transfer: a probabilistic approach.
OffScan: a universal and fast CRISPR off-target sites detection tool.
Transcriptome profiling provides insights into molecular mechanism in Peanut semi-dwarf mutant.
Gene expression analysis reveals the tipping points during infant brain development for human and chimpanzee.
Bacteria increase host micronutrient availability: mechanisms revealed by studies in C. elegans.
Ancient evolutionary signals of protein-coding sequences allow the discovery of new genes in the Drosophila melanogaster genome.
Detecting circular RNA from high-throughput sequence data with de Bruijn graph.
Interleukin -17 serum levels and polymorphisms in acute kidney injury patients.
Assessment of the Mode of Action Underlying the Effects of GenX in Mouse Liver and Implications for Assessing Human Health Risks.
Advanced in developmental organic and inorganic nanomaterial: a review.
The role of cellular prion protein in lipid metabolism in the liver.
Dietary cellulose prevents gut inflammation by modulating lipid metabolism and gut microbiota.
Sulforaphane Activates a Lysosome-dependent Transcriptional Program to Mitigate Oxidative Stress.
Placental Expression of the Forelimb Patterning Transcription Factor MEIS2 in Trisomy 15.
A potential inflammatory role of IL-31 in psoriatic arthritis: A correlation with Th17 cytokine profile.
Advances in applying of multi-omics approaches in the research of systemic lupus erythematosus.
A cycloartenol synthase from the steroidal saponin biosynthesis pathway of Paris polyphylla.
Viral Vectors, Animal Models, and Cellular Targets for Gene Therapy of Cystic Fibrosis Lung Disease.
Versican expression level in cumulus cells is associated with human oocyte developmental competence.
Changes in bacterial populations and their metabolism over ninety sequential cultures on wheat-based thin stillage.
Electrostatic interactions govern extreme nascent protein ejection times from ribosomes and can delay ribosome recycling.
Effects of mushroom waster medium and stalk residues on the growth performance and oxidative status in broilers.
miR-146a regulates inflammation and development in patients with abdominal aortic aneurysms by targeting CARD10.
G-Protein-Coupled Receptor 30 Mediates the Anticancer Effects Induced by Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Transient Receptor Potential Canonical (TRPC) Channels as Modulators of Migration and Invasion.
Toxicity, Physiological, and Ultrastructural Effects of Arsenic and Cadmium on the Extremophilic Microalga Chlamydomonas acidophila.
The Winner Takes It All: Auxin-The Main Player during Plant Embryogenesis.
MicroRNA-24-3p Targets Notch and Other Vascular Morphogens to Regulate Post-ischemic Microvascular Responses in Limb Muscles.
Advances and Challenges in Bacterial Spot Resistance Breeding in Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.).
Glucose Exerts an Anti-Melanogenic Effect by Indirect Inactivation of Tyrosinase in Melanocytes and a Human Skin Equivalent.
Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Long Intergenic Non-Coding RNAs Contributed to Intramuscular Fat Content Differences between Yorkshire and Wei Pigs.
PPE51 Is Involved in the Uptake of Disaccharides by Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Tuberous Sclerosis Complex Axis Controls Renal Extracellular Vesicle Production and Protein Content.
Salinity Stress-Mediated Suppression of Expression of Salt Overly Sensitive Signaling Pathway Genes Suggests Negative Regulation by AtbZIP62 Transcription Factor in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Modulation of the In Vivo Inflammatory Response by Pro- Versus Anti-Inflammatory Intervertebral Disc Treatments.
Regulatory Mechanism of MicroRNA Expression in Cancer.
Arabidopsis RETICULON-LIKE4 (RTNLB4) Protein Participates in Agrobacterium Infection and VirB2 Peptide-Induced Plant Defense Response.
Deciphering the Biological Activities of Dunaliella sp. Aqueous Extract from Stressed Conditions on Breast Cancer: from in Vitro to in Vivo Investigations.
Evaluation of Seven Different RNA-Seq Alignment Tools Based on Experimental Data from the Model Plant Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular Genetics of Niemann-Pick Type C Disease in Italy: An Update on 105 Patients and Description of 18 NPC1 Novel Variants.
Changes in Intestinal Microbiota and Predicted Metabolic Pathways During Colonic Fermentation of Mango (Mangifera indica L.)-Based Bar Indigestible Fraction.
Regulation of Small GTPase Rab20 by Ikaros in B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Hypervolemia-Induced Immune Disturbances Do Not Involve IL-1ss but IL-6 and IL-10 Activation in Haemodialysis Patients.
Abnormal Lysosomal Positioning and Small Extracellular Vesicle Secretion in Arterial Stiffening and Calcification of Mice Lacking Mucolipin 1 Gene.
The Hox Gene egl-5 Acts as a Terminal Selector for VD13 Development via Wnt Signaling.
Characterization of Trehalose-6-phosphate Synthase and Trehalose-6-phosphate Phosphatase Genes and Analysis of its Differential Expression in Maize (Zea mays) Seedlings under Drought Stress.
Designing Novel Therapies to Mend Broken Hearts: ATF6 and Cardiac Proteostasis.
Proteomics-Based Detection of Immune Dysfunction in an Elite Adventure Athlete Trekking Across the Antarctica.
Role of the TRPC1 Channel in Hippocampal Long-Term Depression and in Spatial Memory Extinction.
Oral Microbiota Profile Associates with Sugar Intake and Taste Preference Genes.
Identification and Characterization of Cannabimovone, a Cannabinoid from Cannabis sativa, as a Novel PPARgamma Agonist via a Combined Computational and Functional Study.
Altered Plasma Acylcarnitines and Amino Acids Profile in Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 7.
Down Regulation and Loss of Auxin Response Factor 4 Function Using CRISPR/Cas9 Alters Plant Growth, Stomatal Function and Improves Tomato Tolerance to Salinity and Osmotic Stress.
IRE1alpha Promotes Zika Virus Infection via XBP1.
Serine Biosynthesis Pathway Supports MYC-miR-494-EZH2 Feed-Forward Circuit Necessary to Maintain Metabolic and Epigenetic Reprogramming of Burkitt Lymphoma Cells.
Integrated Analysis of miRNA-mRNA Network Reveals Different Regulatory Patterns in the Endometrium of Meishan and Duroc Sows during Mid-Late Gestation.
Cell Penetrating Peptides, Novel Vectors for Gene Therapy.
[Construction and analysis of competitive endogenous RNA regulatory network related to gastric cancer].
[AMG-102 inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis of laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma cells by regulating c-Met/PI3K/Akt pathway].
[Progress in the research of gene mutations in follicular lymphoma].
[CD7 expression and its prognostic significance in acute myeloid leukemia patients with wild-type or mutant CEBPA].
[Severe proximal renal tubular acidosis with ocular abnormalities caused by SLC4A4 gene variation: a case report].
[FGA gene variation causing congenital dysfibrinogenemia with recurrent arteriovenous thrombosis].
[A novel variation in ATP1A3 gene in a child with CAPOS syndrome].
[A case report of BCL11B mutation induced neurodevelopmental disorder and literature review].
[Clinical phenotype and immunological features of a patient with A20 haploinsufficiency].
Plasma Protein Signatures of a Murine Venous Thrombosis Model and Slc44a2 Knockout Mice Using Quantitative-Targeted Proteomics.
Human Telomerase Reverse Transcriptase Gene Promoter Mutation in Serum of Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Exceptional Response to Olaparib in a Patient With Recurrent Ovarian Cancer and an Entire BRCA1 Germline Gene Deletion.
Human fecal contamination of water, soil, and surfaces in households sharing poor-quality sanitation facilities in Maputo, Mozambique.
MTHFR rs1801133 polymorphism is associated with increased risk of B-cell precursor lymphoblastic leukaemia with recurrent genetic aberrations of fetal origin.
Transcription factor WRKY23 is involved in ammonium-induced repression of Arabidopsis primary root growth under ammonium toxicity.
Identification of key genes and expression profiles in osteoarthritis by co-expressed network analysis.
Response of rice genotypes with differential nitrate reductase-dependent NO synthesis to melatonin under ZnO nanoparticles \'  (NPs) stress.
Downward transport of naturally-aged light microplastics in natural loamy sand and the implication to the dissemination of antibiotic resistance genes.
Sequential treatment using a hydrophobic resin and gel filtration to improve viral gene quantification from highly complex environmental concentrates.
A key control point in the T cell response to chronic infection and neoplasia: FOXO1.
Air pollution exposure is associated with the gut microbiome as revealed by shotgun metagenomic sequencing.
The force of HER2 - A druggable target in NSCLC?
The mechanism of nitrate-Cr(VI) reduction mediated by microbial under different initial pHs.
Local delivery of bone morphogenetic protein-2 from near infrared-responsive hydrogels for bone tissue regeneration.
Humoral and skin mucosal immune parameters, intestinal immune related genes and antioxidant defense in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) fed dietary olive (Olea europea L.) waste.
The roles of mandarin fish STING in innate immune defense against infectious spleen and kidney necrosis virus infections.
Dietary reduced glutathione supplementation can improve growth, antioxidant capacity, and immunity on Chinese mitten crab, Eriocheir sinensis.
Isoliquiritin promote angiogenesis by recruiting macrophages to improve the healing of zebrafish wounds.
Effects of dietary raw or Enterococcus faecium fermented soybean meal on growth, antioxidant status, intestinal microbiota, morphology, and inflammatory responses in turbot (Scophthalmus maximus L.).
Toxic effects of terpinolene on Microcystis aeruginosa: Physiological, metabolism, gene transcription, and growth effects.
Epitranscriptomic 5-Methylcytosine Profile in PM2.5-induced Mouse Pulmonary Fibrosis.
New insights about species delimitation in red snappers (Lutjanus purpureus and L. campechanus) using multilocus data.
Complete mtDNA genome of Otus sunia (Aves, Strigidae) and the relaxation of selective constrains on Strigiformes mtDNA following evolution.
RRGPredictor, a set-theory-based tool for predicting pathogen-associated molecular pattern receptors (PRRs) and resistance (R) proteins from plants.
Joint response of chemistry and functional microbial community to oxygenation of the reductive confined aquifer.
Double-edged sword of inflammasome genetics in colorectal cancer prognosis.
Contribution of phenoloxidase activation mechanism to Bt insecticidal protein resistance in Asian corn borer.
Effect of Anoectochilus roxburghii flavonoids extract on oxidative stress in LO2 cells induced by H2O2 and D-gal induced aging mouse model1.
Structural analysis of the outer surface proteins from Borrelia burgdorferi paralogous gene family 54 that are thought to be the key players in the pathogenesis of Lyme disease.
Upregulation of Myeloid Zinc Finger 1 in DRG via Regulating MMP-2/9 and Kv 1.2 Expression Contributes to CFA-induced Inflammatory Pain.
Hyperbranched lipoid-based lipid nanoparticles for bidirectional regulation of collagen accumulation in liver fibrosis.
Acquisition of genetic mutations in group a streptococci at infection site and subsequent systemic dissemination of the mutants with lethal mutations in a streptococcal toxic shock syndrome mouse model.
The characterization of bacterial communities of oropharynx microbiota in healthy children by combining culture techniques and sequencing of the 16S rRNA gene.
Investigation of possible clonal transmission of carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae complex member isolates in Denmark using core genome MLST and National Patient Registry Data.
Methyltransferase-like 1 (METTL1) served as a tumor suppressor in colon cancer by activating 7-methyguanosine (m7G) regulated let-7e miRNA/HMGA2 axis.
Tuning amino acid dehydrogenases with featured sequences for L-phosphinothricin synthesis by reductive amination.
Attenuated porcine-derived type 2 bovine viral diarrhea virus as vector stably expressing viral gene.
HERG channel and cancer: A mechanistic review of carcinogenic processes and therapeutic potential.
Strategies to Reduce Reconstitution Time of Lyophilized Biotherapeutics.
Delayed access to feed alters gene expression associated with hormonal signaling, cellular differentiation, and protein metabolism in muscle of newly hatch chicks.
Low doses of deoxynivalenol inhibit the cell migration mediated by H3K27me3-targeted downregulation of TEM8 expression.
Deciphering the internalization mechanism of WRAP:siRNA nanoparticles.
Triterpenoid corosolic acid modulates global CpG methylation and transcriptome of tumor promotor TPA induced mouse epidermal JB6 P+ cells.
Allicin alleviates inflammation of diabetic macroangiopathy via the Nrf2 and NF-kB pathway.
Vorinostat upregulates MICA via the PI3K/Akt pathway to enhance the ability of natural killer cells to kill tumor cells.
Current and emerging therapies for patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: a bright future.
Inferring Causal Gene Regulatory Networks from Coupled Single-Cell Expression Dynamics Using Scribe.
What Makes the Human Brain Human?
TREM2: Modulator of Lipid Metabolism in Microglia.
Metagenome-Guided Proteomic Quantification of Reductive Dehalogenases in the Dehalococcoides mccartyi - Containing Consortium SDC-9.
Palmitvaccenic acid (Delta11-cis-hexadecenoic acid) is synthesized by an OLE1-like desaturase in the arbuscular mycorrhiza fungus Rhizophagus irregularis.
Efficient and low-cost error removal in DNA synthesis by a high-durability MutS.
Long non-coding RNA FEZF1-AS1 induced progression of ovarian cancer via regulating miR-130a-5p/SOX4 axis.
Genetic and Genomic Advances in Developmental Models: Applications for Nutrition Research.
A gene-diet interaction-based score predicts response to dietary fat in the Women \' s Health Initiative.
Decreasing the Ratio of Dietary Linoleic to alpha-Linolenic Acid from 10 to 4 by Changing Only the Former Does Not Prevent Adiposity or Bone Deterioration in Obese Mice.
Light-responsive expression atlas reveals the effects of light quality and intensity in Kalanchoe fedtschenkoi, a plant with crassulacean acid metabolism.
A 100 bp GAGA motif-containing sequence in AGAMOUS second intron is able to suppress the activity of CaMV35S enhancer in vegetative tissues.
Induction of competent cells for Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated stable transformation of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.).
Development of a minigenome cassette for Lettuce necrotic yellows virus: A first step in rescuing a plant cytorhabdovirus.
DMSO-mediated curing of several yeast prion variants involves Hsp104 expression and protein solubilization, and is decreased in several autophagy related gene (atg) mutants.
Extensive survey of the ycf4 plastid gene throughout the IRLC legumes: Robust evidence of its locus and lineage specific accelerated rate of evolution, pseudogenization and gene loss in the tribe Fabeae.
Detection of melon necrotic spot virus by one-step reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay.
Blood multiomics reveal insights into population clusters with low prevalence of diabetes, dyslipidemia and hypertension.
Vibration acceleration promotes endochondral formation during fracture healing through cellular chondrogenic differentiation.
Biochemical, genetic and transcriptional characterization of multibacteriocin production by the anti-pneumococcal dairy strain Streptococcus infantarius LP90.
Analysis of a large single institution cohort of related donors fails to detect a relation between SDF1/CXCR4 or VCAM/VLA4 genetic polymorphisms and the level of hematopoietic progenitor cell mobilization in response to G-CSF.
Histone H4 dosage modulates DNA damage response in the pathogenic yeast Candida glabrata via homologous recombination pathway.
The Lid/KDM5 histone demethylase complex activates a critical effector of the oocyte-to-zygote transition.
Context-dependent genetic architecture of Drosophila life span.
ASA3P: An automatic and scalable pipeline for the assembly, annotation and higher level analysis of closely related bacterial isolates.
Investigation of PTEN promoter methylation in ameloblastoma.
Antidepressant-Associated Mania in Bipolar Disorder: A Review and Meta-analysis of Potential Clinical and Genetic Risk Factors.
An Original Complex Rearrangement Involving Chromosomes 9, 11, and 14, Harboring a Complex KMT2A Gene Rearrangement in an Infant With Mixed-phenotype Acute Leukemia.
Disruption of Circadian Rhythms and Gut Motility: An Overview of Underlying Mechanisms and Associated Pathologies.
PTEN Loss and Cyclin A2 Upregulation Define a PI3K/AKT Pathway Activation in Helicobacter pylori-induced MALT and DLBCL Gastric Lymphoma With Features of MALT.
Effect of CES1 and ABCB1 genotypes on the pharmacokinetics and clinical outcomes of dabigatran etexilate in patients with atrial fibrillation and chronic kidney disease.
Testosterone improves muscle fiber asset and exercise performance in a metabolic syndrome model.
Normosmic idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to a novel GNRH1 variant in two siblings.
Effect of a single bout of exercise on clock gene expression in human leukocyte.
Comparison of Leukocyte-Rich Platelet-Rich Plasma and Leukocyte-Poor Platelet-Rich Plasma on Achilles Tendinopathy at an Early Stage in a Rabbit Model.
Effects of dazomet fumigation on soil phosphorus and the composition of phoD-harboring microbial community.
Mapping of Ion and Substrate Binding Sites in human Sodium Iodide Symporter (hNIS).
Effects of cytochrome P450 oxidoreductase genotypes on the pharmacokinetics of amlodipine in healthy Korean subjects.
Links between S-adenosylmethionine and Agr-based quorum sensing for biofilm development in Listeria monocytogenes EGD-e.
Reduction of SOST gene promotes bone formation through the Wnt/beta-catenin signalling pathway and compensates particle-induced osteolysis.
Virulence properties of Campylobacter jejuni are enhanced by displaying a mycobacterial TlyA methylation pattern in its rRNA.
Multiplex immunoassays reveal increased serum cytokines and chemokines associated with the subtypes of achalasia.
Docetaxel-resistant prostate cancer cells become sensitive to gemcitabine due to the upregulation of ABCB1.
Olaparib and enzalutamide synergistically suppress HCC progression via the AR-mediated miR-146a-5p/BRCA1 signaling.
Genome-wide identification and expression analysis of the NF-Y transcription factor family in Populus.
Choice of Study Populations for Vaccines.
MIXnorm: Normalizing RNA-seq Data from Formalin-Fixed Paraffin-Embedded Samples.
Genome architecture facilitates phenotypic plasticity in the honeybee (Apis mellifera).
Bacterial group II intron genomic neighborhoods reflect survival strategies: hiding and hijacking.
RNAi nanotherapy for fibrosis: highly durable knockdown of CTGF/CCN-2 using siRNA-DegradaBALL (LEM-S401) to treat skin fibrotic diseases.
Antarcticimicrobium sediminis gen. nov., sp. nov., isolated from Antarctic intertidal sediment, transfer of Ruegeria lutea to Antarcticimicrobium gen. nov. as Antarcticimicrobium luteum comb. nov.
Characterization of tick-borne encephalitis virus isolated from a tick in central Hokkaido in 2017.
Vitreimonas flagellata gen. nov., sp. nov., a novel member of the family Hyphomonadaceae isolated from an activated sludge sample.
Wickerhamiella osmotolerans sp. nov. and Wickerhamiella tropicalis sp. nov., novel ascomycetous yeast in the family Wickerhamiellaceae.
Sulfurimonas xiamenensis sp. nov. and Sulfurimonas lithotrophica sp. nov., hydrogen- and sulfur-oxidizing chemolithoautotrophs within the Epsilonproteobacteria isolated from coastal sediments, and an emended description of the genus Sulfurimonas.
Recent Developments in Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter 2 (SGLT2) Inhibitors as a Valuable Tool in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Genetic testing has the potential to impact hearing preservation following cochlear implantation.
Identification of differentially expressed genes associated with egg production in black-boned chicken.
Significance of lncRNA MIR31HG in predicting the prognosis for Chinese patients with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Emotional development is complicated.
Refolding through a linear transition state enables fast temperature adaptation of a translational riboswitch.
Pro-fibrotic Activation of Human Macrophages in Systemic Sclerosis.
Haploinsufficiency of the basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor HAND2 causes congenital heart defects.
Transfection of glycoprotein encoding mRNA for swift evaluation of N-glycan engineering strategies.
Role of alpha-tocopherol and Lactobacillus plantarum in the alleviation of mercuric chloride-induced testicular atrophy in rat \' s model: Implication of molecular mechanisms.
Genetic and clinical risk factors associated with phenytoin-induced cutaneous adverse drug reactions in Thai population.
Loss of salt tolerance during tomato domestication conferred by variation in a Na+ /K+ transporter.
Synthesis of imidazolidine-2,4-dione and 2-thioxoimidazolidin-4-one derivatives as inhibitors of virulence factors production in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Infection-driven activation of transglutaminase 2 boosts glucose uptake and hexosamine biosynthesis in epithelial cells.
Reduction of arthrofibrosis utilizing a collagen membrane drug-eluting scaffold with celecoxib and subcutaneous injections with ketotifen.
Round Cell Sarcoma with EWSR1-PATZ1 Gene Fusion in the Neck: Case Report and Review of the Literature.
The excretion rate and stability of HAAg in human fecal samples after live attenuated hepatitis A vaccination.
Construction &amp; assessment of a unified curated reference database for improving the taxonomic classification of bacteria using 16S rRNA sequence data.
Laboratory surveillance of chikungunya in Madhya Pradesh, India (2016-2017).
Molecular confirmation &amp; characterization of Rickettsia conorii in north India: A report of three cases.
Obesity subtypes, related biomarkers &amp; heterogeneity.
Structural insights into the catalytic mechanism of Bacillus subtilis BacF.
Multidrug resistance of the extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae isolated in Tizi-Ouzou (Algeria).
Gene variants of TCF7L2 are histopathologically important in colorectal cancers but do not have direct association with MYC expression.
Network pharmacology-based investigation of the underlying mechanism of Panax notoginseng treatment of diabetic retinopathy.
Real-time, MinION-based, amplicon sequencing for lineage typing of infectious bronchitis virus from upper respiratory samples.
Small RNAs OmrA and OmrB promote class III flagellar gene expression by inhibiting the synthesis of anti-Sigma factor FlgM.
Activin A overexpression promotes rat follicular development through SCF-kit-mediated cell signals.
Variation analysis of Ghrelin gene in Chinese patients with obesity, having polycystic ovarian syndrome.
New and emerging pharmacotherapy for duchenne muscular dystrophy: a focus on synthetic therapeutics.
Efficient degradation of phenoxyalkanoic acid herbicides by the alkali tolerant Cupriavidus oxalaticus strain X32.
Identification of PTPRR and JAG1 as key genes in castration-resistant prostate cancer by integrated bioinformatics methods.
Amyloid precursor protein regulates 5-fluorouracil resistance in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells by inhibiting the mitochondrial apoptotic pathway.
Inhibition of chemotherapy-related breast tumor EMT by application of redox-sensitive siRNA delivery system CSO-ss-SA/siRNA along with doxorubicin treatment.
Role of LINC00152 in non-small cell lung cancer.
Angiotensinogen promoter methylation predicts bevacizumab treatment response of patients with recurrent glioblastoma.
A clinical and experimental study of adult hereditary spherocytosis in the Chinese population.
The Vibrio cholerae Type VI Secretion System: Toxins, Regulators and Consequences.
Resistance of Spodoptera frugiperda (Lepidoptera:Noctuidae) to spinetoram: Inheritance and cross-resistance to spinosad.
Detection of Intra-articular Gene Therapy in Horses using Quantitative Real Time PCR in Synovial Fluid and Plasma.
Targeting the USP1 dependent KDM4A protein stability as a potential prostate cancer therapy.
Disentangling the assembly mechanisms of ant cuticular bacterial communities of two Amazonian ant species sharing a common arboreal nest.
Phylogenetic comparison of plant U1-70K gene family, central spliceosomal proteins on 5 \'  splice site determination, in response to developmental cues and stress conditions.
Dental and Craniofacial Defects in the Crtap-/- Mouse Model of Osteogenesis Imperfecta Type VII.
PYCR1 knockdown inhibits the proliferation, migration, and invasion by affecting JAK/STAT signaling pathway in lung adenocarcinoma.
Speculations on the evolution of humoral adaptive immunity.
Tomosyn regulates the small RhoA GTPase to control the dendritic stability of neurons and the surface expression of AMPA receptors.
Gastric mucosal microbiota in a Mongolian population with gastric cancer and precursor conditions.
Small fiber neuropathy associated with autoinflammatory syndromes in children.
A simplified qPCR method revealing tRNAome remodeling upon infection by genotype 3 hepatitis E virus.
Glucocorticoids delivered by inorganic-organic hybrid nanoparticles mitigate acute graft-versus-host disease and sustain graft-versus-leukemia activity.
Molecular characterization and expressional quantification of lgp2, a modulatory co-receptor of RLR- signaling pathway in the Indian major carp, Labeo rohita, following pathogenic challenges and PAMPs stimulations.
Critical role of OX40 in drug-induced acute liver injury.
Disease pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic modelling in acute intermittent porphyria to support the development of mRNA-based therapies.
Activation of the Met receptor attenuates doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity in vivo and in vitro.
IGF-binding proteins 3 and 4 are regulators of sprouting angiogenesis.
Effects of Heat stress and molecular mitigation approaches in orphan legume, Chickpea.
Genetic Influence on Efficacy of Pharmacotherapy for Pediatric Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Overview and Current Status of Research.
Whey milk proteomics from Schistosoma mansoni-infected mice reveals proteins involved in immunomodulation of the offspring.
Quantitative analysis of transcription factor binding and expression using calling cards reporter arrays.
Enhancer occlusion transcripts regulate the activity of human enhancer domains via transcriptional interference: a computational perspective.
Crystal structure of an Escherichia coli Hfq Core (residues 2-69)-DNA complex reveals multifunctional nucleic acid binding sites.
ZCCHC3 modulates TLR3-mediated signaling by promoting recruitment of TRIF to TLR3.
Involvement of a truncated MADS-box transcription factor ZmTMM1 in root nitrate foraging.
Overexpression of SlbHLH95, a basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor family member, impacts trichome formation via regulating gibberellin biosynthesis in tomato.
Locally acting transcription factors regulate p53-dependent cis-regulatory element activity.
Monoamine oxidase A hypomethylation in obsessive-compulsive disorder - reversibility by successful psychotherapy?
Diagnostic and prognostic value of microRNAs for Alzheimer \' s disease: a comprehensive meta-analysis.
New insights provided by myofibril mechanics in inherited cardiomyopathies.
Tinnitus With Unexpected Spanish Roots: Head and Neck Paragangliomas Caused by SDHAF2 Mutation.
Splicing profile by capture RNA-seq identifies pathogenic germline variants in tumor suppressor genes.
Nickel Metalloregulators and Chaperones.
A Novel Thioredoxin-Dependent Peroxiredoxin (TPx-Q) Plays an Important Role in Defense Against Oxidative Stress and Is a Possible Drug Target in Babesia microti.
Expression Pattern Analysis of Antiviral Genes and Inflammatory Cytokines in PEDV-Infected Porcine Intestinal Epithelial Cells.
Directed-Mutagenesis of Flavobacterium meningosepticum Prolyl-Oligopeptidase and a Glutamine-Specific Endopeptidase From Barley.
LINC00346 Acts as a Competing Endogenous RNA Regulating Development of Hepatocellular Carcinoma via Modulating CDK1/CCNB1 Axis.
A PEGDA/DNA Hybrid Hydrogel for Cell-Free Protein Synthesis.
Risk of Necrotizing Enterocolitis Associated With the Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms VEGF C-2578A, IL-18 C-607A, and IL-4 Receptor alpha-Chain A-1902G: A Validation Study in a Prospective Multicenter Cohort.
Molecular Epidemiology, Antibiotic Resistance, and Virulence Traits of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia Strains Associated With an Outbreak in a Mexican Tertiary Care Hospital.
Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus Infection Alters the Sialome of Ixodes ricinus Ticks During the Earliest Stages of Feeding.
Insights Into Genetic Landscape of Large Granular Lymphocyte Leukemia.
Can epigenetic and inflammatory biomarkers identify clinically aggressive prostate cancer?
Elimination of antibiotic resistance genes and control of horizontal transfer risk by UV-based treatment of drinking water: A mini review.
Preferential gene retention increases the robustness of cold regulation in Brassicaceae and other plants after polyploidization.
Antiproliferative and Anti-invasion Effects of Carvacrol on PC3 Human Prostate Cancer Cells through Reducing pSTAT3, pAKT, and pERK1/2 Signaling Proteins.
Immunization against Leishmania major infection in BALB/c mice using a subunit-based DNA vaccine derived from TSA, LmSTI1, KMP11, and LACK predominant antigens.
Influence of simvastatin on the biological behavior of nucleus pulposus-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
Morphine and kisspeptin influences on 5-alpha reductase and aromatase gene expression in adult male rats.
Effects of thymoquinone in prevention of experimental contrast-induced nephropathy in rats.
Antioxidant, anti-apoptotic, and protective effects of myricitrin and its solid lipid nanoparticle on streptozotocin-nicotinamide-induced diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetic male mice.
Correlation of quinolone-resistance, qnr genes and integron carriage in multidrug-resistant community isolates of Klebsiella spp.
Pathophysiologic mechanisms of obesity- and chronic inflammation-related genes in etiology of polycystic ovary syndrome.
MAGE-A inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation in multiple myeloma through regulation of BIM and p21Cip1.
DNA dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) enhances HIV transcription by promoting RNA polymerase II activity and recruitment of transcription machinery at HIV LTR.
Genetic and Clinical Analyses of 13 Chinese Families With Cystine Urolithiasis and Identification of 15 Novel Pathogenic Variants in SLC3A1 and SLC7A9.
Identification of Multigene Biomarker for Shrimp White Feces Syndrome by Full-Length Transcriptome Sequencing.
The Cytochrome P450 Monooxygenase Inventory of Grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.): Genome-Wide Identification, Evolutionary Characterization and Expression Analysis.
Whole Transcriptome Analysis of Mesenchyme Tissue in Sika Deer Antler Revealed the CeRNAs Regulatory Network Associated With Antler Development.
PbGA20ox2 Regulates Fruit Set and Induces Parthenocarpy by Enhancing GA4 Content.
BarleyNet: A Network-Based Functional Omics Analysis Server for Cultivated Barley, Hordeum vulgare L.
Open-Bud Duplicate Loci Are Identified as MML10s, Orthologs of MIXTA-Like Genes on Homologous Chromosomes of Allotetraploid Cotton.
The Phenotype Paradox: Lessons From Natural Transcriptome Evolution on How to Engineer Plants.
Genome-Wide Association Study and QTL Meta-Analysis Identified Novel Genomic Loci Controlling Potassium Use Efficiency and Agronomic Traits in Bread Wheat.
CpG Oligonucleotides Protect Mice From Alphavirus Encephalitis: Role of NK Cells, Interferons, and TNF.
Reduced Let-7f in Bone Marrow-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Triggers Treg/Th17 Imbalance in Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Strategies to Dissect Host-Microbial Immune Interactions That Determine Mucosal Homeostasis vs. Intestinal Inflammation in Gnotobiotic Mice.
The Methyltransferase AflSet1 Is Involved in Fungal Morphogenesis, AFB1 Biosynthesis, and Virulence of Aspergillus flavus.
Disclosing the Potential of the SARP-Type Regulator PapR2 for the Activation of Antibiotic Gene Clusters in Streptomycetes.
Characterization of Growth Morphology and Pathology, and Draft Genome Sequencing of Botrytis fabae, the Causal Organism of Chocolate Spot of Faba Bean (Vicia faba L.).
Comparative Transcriptomics Analysis of the Responses of the Filamentous Fungus Glarea lozoyensis to Different Carbon Sources.
CO2-Induced Transcriptional Reorganization: Molecular Basis of Capnophillic Lactic Fermentation in Thermotoga neapolitana.
Metagenomic Insights Into the Cycling of Dimethylsulfoniopropionate and Related Molecules in the Eastern China Marginal Seas.
PromA Plasmids Are Instrumental in the Dissemination of Linuron Catabolic Genes Between Different Genera.
A Scoping Review of Inborn Errors of Metabolism Causing Progressive Intellectual and Neurologic Deterioration (PIND).
CRISPR/Cas9-Induced Loss of Keap1 Enhances Anti-oxidation in Rat Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Parenting Practices and Adolescent Effortful Control: MAOA T941G Gene Polymorphism as a Moderator.
Metabolomic Response of Equine Skeletal Muscle to Acute Fatiguing Exercise and Training.
An Overview of Embryogenesis: External Morphology and Transcriptome Profiling in the Hemipteran Insect Nilaparvata lugens.
Modeling Bainbridge-Ropers Syndrome in Xenopus laevis Embryos.
Case-Control Study of the Effects of Gut Microbiota Composition on Neurotransmitter Metabolic Pathways in Children With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
Metabolic, Molecular, and Behavioral Effects of Western Diet in Serotonin Transporter-Deficient Mice: Rescue by Heterozygosity?
BRCA2 genemutation, c.2808_2811delACAA (p.Ala938Profs), in malebreastcancer - clinicopathologicalanalysisbased on a case report.
Upregulation of Enzymes involved in ISGylation and Ubiquitination in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Difference of genomic copy numbers alterations between hairy cell leukemia-variant and classical hairy cell leukemia: a pilot retrospective study in Chinese.
Humanin gene expression in fibroblast of Down syndrome subjects.
Altered Long Non-coding RNAs Involved in Immunological Regulation and Associated with Choroidal Neovascularization in Mice.
Molecular phylogenetic study of the tribe Tropidieae (Orchidaceae, Epidendroideae) with taxonomic and evolutionary implications.
Comprehensive approaches reveal three cryptic species of genus Nidirana (Anura, Ranidae) from China.
Morphological and molecular evidence support the intertidal barnacle Octomeris intermedia Nilsson-Cantell, 1921 (Thoracica, Chthamalidae) as a valid species in Indo-Pacific waters.
Notes on the leaf insects of the genus Phyllium of Sumatra and Java, Indonesia, including the description of two new species with purple coxae (Phasmatodea, Phylliidae).
The "Warrior" COMT Val/Met Genotype Occurs in Greater Frequencies in Mixed Martial Arts Fighters Relative to Controls.
THE BRANCHED-CHAIN AMINO ACID TRANSAMINASE 1 -23C/G POLYMORPHISM CONFERS PROTECTION AGAINST ACUTE CORONARY SYNDROME.
HEREDITARY PITUITARY TUMOR SYNDROMES: GENETIC AND CLINICAL ASPECTS.
A pathway coordinated by DELE1 relays mitochondrial stress to the cytosol.
Defining trained immunity and its role in health and disease.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of the archaeal community in coastal sediments: assembly process and co-occurrence relationship.
The CRISPR-Cas systems were selectively inactivated during evolution of Bacillus cereus group for adaptation to diverse environments.
miR-27a is a master regulator of metabolic reprogramming and chemoresistance in colorectal cancer.
MNK1 signaling induces an ANGPTL4-mediated gene signature to drive melanoma progression.
Chronic oral administration of adipoRon reverses cognitive impairments and ameliorates neuropathology in an Alzheimer \' s disease mouse model.
Induced pluripotent stem cell-derived tenocyte-like cells promote the regeneration of injured tendons in mice.
The ankyrin repeat gene family in Capsicum spp: Genome-wide survey, characterization and gene expression profile.
Genome-wide screening reveals a role for subcellular localization of CRBN in the anti-myeloma activity of pomalidomide.
BCAP31, a cancer/testis antigen-like protein, can act as a probe for non-small-cell lung cancer metastasis.
Molecular sexing and preliminary assessment of population sex ratio of the endangered Malayan tapir (Tapirus indicus) in Peninsular Malaysia.
Green gravel: a novel restoration tool to combat kelp forest decline.
Transcriptomic response to soybean meal-based diets as the first formulated feed in juvenile yellow perch (Perca flavescens).
Bacterial chemotaxis towards polysaccharide pectin by pectin-binding protein.
Therapeutic potential of KLF2-induced exosomal microRNAs in pulmonary hypertension.
Differential DNA methylation of vocal and facial anatomy genes in modern humans.
Gene clustering and copy number variation in alkaloid metabolic pathways of opium poppy.
Enhanced heat tolerance of viral-infected aphids leads to niche expansion and reduced interspecific competition.
Inducible cell-to-cell signaling for tunable dynamics in microbial communities.
Marker-free carotenoid-enriched rice generated through targeted gene insertion using CRISPR-Cas9.
A generalizable 29-mRNA neural-network classifier for acute bacterial and viral infections.
Novel CB1 receptor antagonist BAR-1 modifies pancreatic islet function and clinical parameters in prediabetic and diabetic mice.
A Novel Susceptibility Locus Near GRIK2 Associated With Erosive Esophagitis in a Korean Cohort.
Identification of Subtle Verbal Memory Deficits in Premanifest Huntington Disease Using the California Verbal Learning Test.
Differential impact of psychological and psychophysical stress on low back pain in mice.
Underexpression of SRSF3 and its target gene RBMX predicts good prognosis in patients with head and neck cancer.
Knockdown of miR-665 Protects Against Cardiomyocyte Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury-Induced ROS Accumulation and Apoptosis Through the Activation of Pak1/Akt Signaling in Myocardial Infarction.
A case report.
Biological function of protein tyrosine phosphatase H-type receptor and its progress in tumor.
Expression of autophagy related gene 5 and cyclin E in coronary heart disease and its clinical significance.
Ecology, histopathology, and microbial ecology of a white-band disease outbreak in the threatened staghorn coral Acropora cervicornis.
Low intraspecific variation of Frog virus 3 with evidence for novel FV3-like isolates in central and northwestern Canada.
Global Organization and Proposed Megataxonomy of the Virus World.
An EBNA3A-mutated Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) retains the capacity for lymphomagenesis in a cord blood-humanized mouse model.
Mutations Near the N-Terminus of the Vaccinia Virus G9 Protein Overcome Restrictions on Cell Entry and Syncytium Formation Imposed by the A56/K2 Fusion Regulatory Complex.
The Transcriptional Cofactor VGLL1 Drives Transcription of Human Papillomavirus Early Genes via TEAD1.
Pseudorabies virus infection of epithelial cells leads to persistent but aberrant activation of the NF-kappaB pathway, inhibiting hallmark NF-kappaB-induced pro-inflammatory gene expression.
Characterization and genomic analysis of ValSw3-3, a new Siphoviridae bacteriophage infecting Vibrio alginolyticus.
Quantitative profiling of the human substantia nigra proteome from laser-capture microdissected FFPE tissue.
Different CSF protein profiles in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia with C9orf72 hexanucleotide repeat expansion.
Abundant HIV-infected cells in blood and tissues are rapidly cleared upon ART initiation during acute HIV infection.
Transcriptional repression specifies the central cell for double fertilization.
Circadian control of interferon-sensitive gene expression in murine skin.
Visualizing the translation and packaging of HIV-1 full-length RNA.
Loss-of-function BK channel mutation causes impaired mitochondria and progressive cerebellar ataxia.
Improved molecular diagnosis of COVID-19 by the novel, highly sensitive and specific COVID-19-RdRp/Hel real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction assay validated in vitro and with clinical specimens.
Fluorescent hybridization of Mycobacterium leprae in skin samples collected in Burkina Faso.
Nanopore sequencing reveals novel targets for the diagnosis and surveillance of human and avian influenza A virus.
Antileishmanial Drugs Modulate IL-12 Expression and Inflammasome Activation in Primary Human Cells.
A Caenorhabditis elegans Model for Integrating the Functions of Neuropsychiatric Risk Genes Identifies Components Required for Normal Dendritic Morphology.
Two New SGI1-LK Variants Found in Proteus mirabilis and Evolution of the SGI1-HKL Group of Salmonella Genomic Islands.
Twitching and Swimming Motility Play a Role in Ralstonia solanacearum Pathogenicity.
High Prevalence of Colistin-Resistant Escherichia coli with Chromosomally Carried mcr-1 in Healthy Residents in Vietnam.
Bacterial and Eukaryotic Small-Subunit Amplicon Data Do Not Provide a Quantitative Picture of Microbial Communities, but They Are Reliable in the Context of Ecological Interpretations.
Culture-Confirmed Invasive Meningococcal Disease in Canada, 2010 to 2014: Characterization of Serogroup B Neisseria meningitidis Strains and Their Predicted Coverage by the 4CMenB Vaccine.
The Physical Mechanisms of Drosophila Gastrulation: Mesoderm and Endoderm Invagination.
Environmental Carcinogenesis at the Single Cell Level.
A Tetratricopeptide Repeat Protein Regulates Carotenoid Biosynthesis and Chromoplast Development in Monkeyflower (Mimulus).
Mutagenesis of a Quintuple Mutant Impaired in Environmental Responses Reveals Roles for CHROMATIN REMODELING4 in the Arabidopsis Floral Transition.
Clinical validation of qPCR Target Selector  assays using highly specific switch-blockers for rare mutation detection.
Navigating the Intersection between Genomic Research and Clinical Practice.
An integrative view of the regulatory and transcriptional landscapes in mouse hematopoiesis.
Alcohol Causes Lasting Differential Transcription in Drosophila Mushroom Body Neurons.
Characterization of Anti-Neovascularization Activity and Ocular Pharmacokinetics of PI3K/mTOR Inhibitor GNE-947.
Sessile Serrated Polyps Without Dysplasia Thrives With Asymmetric Relocation of Cell Proliferation-domains.
Hedgehog Pathway Activation Might Mediate Pemetrexed Resistance in NSCLC Cells.
miR-187* Enhances SiHa Cervical Cancer Cell Oncogenicity Via Suppression of WWOX.
Silencing of Growth Differentiation Factor-15 Promotes Breast Cancer Cell Invasion by Down-regulating Focal Adhesion Genes.
RNF126 as a Marker of Prognosis and Proliferation of Gastric Cancer.
Silencing Delta-like 1 Expression Induces Migratory Features in Pancreatic Cancer Cells Through Stimulation of Src and p38 Signalling Pathway.
Gut Microbiota and Host Gene Mutations in Colorectal Cancer Patients and Controls of Iranian and Finnish Origin.
Association of Adiponectin Genotypes With Colorectal Cancer Susceptibility in Taiwan.
Androgen Receptor Enhances the Efficacy of Sorafenib Against Hepatocellular Carcinoma Through Enriched EpCAM Stemness.
Troglitazone, a Selective Ligand for PPARgamma, Induces Cell-cycle Arrest in Human Oral SCC Cells.
An Unbalanced Chromosome Translocation Between 7p22 and 12q13 Leads to ACTB-GLI1 Fusion in Pericytoma.
Frequent Import and Multiple Sources of Dengue Fever have Changed the Epidemic Situation of the Disease in Fujian Province, China.
Cross-neutralizing Anti-hemagglutinin Antibodies Isolated from Patients Infected with Avian Influenza A (H5N1) Virus.
[Recent Advances of Epigenetics in Heart Failure].
[Roles of Cilia in Heart Development and Congenital Heart Disease].
[Changes of Gene Expression Profile in Cardiac Mesenchymal Cells in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Screening of Their Related Environmental Chemicals].
[GG Genotype at rs1275988 and rs2586886 Loci of TWIK-related Acid-sensitive K + Channel-1 Gene is A Potential Risk Factor for Severe Obstructive Sleep Apnea].
[Effect of alpha-asarone on the Function and Expression of P-glycoprotein in Rat Brain Microvascular Endothelial Cells].
Morphological, Molecular, and Pathological Appraisal of Hymenolepis nana (Hymenolepididae) Infecting Laboratory Mice (Mus musculus).
Oral colonisation by antimicrobial-resistant Gram-negative bacteria among long-term care facility residents: prevalence, risk factors, and molecular epidemiology.
Genome-based classification of Burkholderia cepacia complex provides new insight into its taxonomic status.
The JNK pathway represents a novel target in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis through the suppression of MMP-3.
Linker histone variant H1t is closely associated with repressed repeat-element chromatin domains in pachytene spermatocytes.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identified novel variant associated with hallux valgus in Caucasians.
A novel TLR7 agonist as adjuvant to stimulate high quality HBsAg-specific immune responses in an HBV mouse model.
The equine gastrointestinal microbiome: impacts of weight-loss.
Novel plasmid-free Gluconobacter oxydans strains for production of the natural sweetener 5-ketofructose.
Error-corrected sequencing strategies enable comprehensive detection of leukemic mutations relevant for diagnosis and minimal residual disease monitoring.
Fast, simple and highly specific molecular detection of Vibrio alginolyticus pathogenic strains using a visualized isothermal amplification method.
Bivalent promoter hypermethylation in cancer is linked to the H327me3/H3K4me3 ratio in embryonic stem cells.
Association of CYP2A6 gene deletion with cancers in Japanese elderly: an autopsy study.
Influence of Casein kinase II inhibitor CX-4945 on BCL6-mediated apoptotic signaling in B-ALL in vitro and in vivo.
Novel pathogenic VPS13A mutation in Moroccan family with Choreoacanthocytosis: a case report.
Variation of prevalence of malaria, parasite density and the multiplicity of Plasmodium falciparum infection throughout the year at three different health centers in Brazzaville, Republic of Congo.
Genome-wide analysis of RopGEF gene family to identify genes contributing to pollen tube growth in rice (Oryza sativa).
Oral rinses in growth inhibition and treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection.
A transcriptomic view of the ability of nascent hexaploid wheat to tolerate aneuploidy.
Transcriptome and metabolite analyses provide insights into zigzag-shaped stem formation in tea plants (Camellia sinensis).
The iTRAQ-based chloroplast proteomic analysis of Triticum aestivum L. leaves subjected to drought stress and 5-aminolevulinic acid alleviation reveals several proteins involved in the protection of photosynthesis.
Scale development and utilization of universal PCR-based and high-throughput KASP markers specific for chromosome arms of rye (Secale cereale L.).
Genome-wide analysis of MicroRNA-messenger RNA interactome in ex-vivo gill filaments, Anguilla japonica.
Association and linkage mapping to unravel genetic architecture of phenological traits and lateral bearing in Persian walnut (Juglans regia L.).
Transcriptome sequencing and whole genome expression profiling of hexaploid sweetpotato under salt stress.
Genome-wide analysis reveals molecular convergence underlying domestication in 7 bird and mammals.
Comparative genomic analysis reveals high intra-serovar plasticity within Salmonella Napoli isolated in 2005-2017.
Hox genes reveal variations in the genomic DNA of allotetraploid hybrids derived from Carassius auratus red var. (female) x Cyprinus carpio L. (male).
Insight into unique somitogenesis of yak (Bos grunniens) with one additional thoracic vertebra.
Whole genome resequencing of the Iranian native dogs and wolves to unravel variome during dog domestication.
Lung cancer in a CF patient: combination of bad luck or is there more to say?
Alterations in AdeS and AdeR regulatory proteins in 1-(1-naphthylmethyl)-piperazine responsive colistin resistance of Acinetobacter baumannii.
MultiBaC: A strategy to remove batch effects between different omic data types.
LncRNAs in molluscan and mammalian stages of parasitic schistosomes are developmentally-regulated and coordinately expressed with protein-coding genes.
MicroRNA-214 protects L6 skeletal myoblasts against hydrogen peroxide-induced apoptosis.
Regulation and Evolution of C4 Photosynthesis.
Nitrite accumulation is required for microbial anaerobic iron oxidation, but not for arsenite oxidation in two heterotrophic denitrifiers.
Cordycepin Resensitizes T24R2 Cisplatin-Resistant Human Bladder Cancer Cells to Cisplatin by Inactivating Ets-1 Dependent MDR1 Transcription.
Co-Expression Network Analysis of Spleen Transcriptome in Rock Bream (Oplegnathus fasciatus) Naturally Infected with Rock Bream Iridovirus (RBIV).
Combined Effect of Midazolam and Bone Morphogenetic Protein-2 for Differentiation Induction from C2C12 Myoblast Cells to Osteoblasts.
Comparative Study on Different Remediation Strategies Applied in Petroleum-Contaminated Soils.
miR-221-3p Regulates VEGFR2 Expression in High-Risk Prostate Cancer and Represents an Escape Mechanism from Sunitinib In Vitro.
A RING-Type E3 Ubiquitin Ligase, OsGW2, Controls Chlorophyll Content and Dark-Induced Senescence in Rice.
Biliverdin Reductase A (BVRA) Knockout in Adipocytes Induces Hypertrophy and Reduces Mitochondria in White Fat of Obese Mice.
Non-Thermal Plasma Induces Antileukemic Effect Through mTOR Ubiquitination.
The Potential Role of Selected miRNA in Uveal Melanoma Primary Tumors as Early Biomarkers of Disease Progression.
Modeling the Genetic Basis of Individual Differences in Susceptibility to Gulf War Illness.
New Molecular Approach for the Detection of Kinetoplastida Parasites of Medical and Veterinary Interest.
In vitro Probiotic Potential and Safety Evaluation (Hemolytic, Cytotoxic Activity) of Bifidobacterium Strains Isolated from Raw Camel Milk.
Chromosomal Differentiation in Genetically Isolated Populations of the Marsh-Specialist Crocidura suaveolens (Mammalia: Soricidae).
Multiple Drug Resistance Patterns in Various Phylogenetic Groups of Hospital-Acquired Uropathogenic E. coli Isolated from Cancer Patients.
Antibacterial and Antivirulence Activity of Glucocorticoid PYED-1 against Stenotrophomonas maltophilia.
Identification of the Molecular Mechanisms of Peimine in the Treatment of Cough Using Computational Target Fishing.
NUDT7 Loss Promotes KrasG12D CRC Development.
Exogenous Spermidine Promotes gamma-Aminobutyric Acid Accumulation and Alleviates the Negative Effect of NaCl Stress in Germinating Soybean (Glycine max L.).
New Insights into Evolution of Plant Heat Shock Factors (Hsfs) and Expression Analysis of Tea Genes in Response to Abiotic Stresses.
Targeting Mitochondrial Apoptosis to Overcome Treatment Resistance in Cancer.
Comparison of three different gene panels for determination of tumor mutational burden by next generation sequencing.
A new bioinformatic pipeline allows the design of small, targeted gene panels for efficient TMB estimation.
Phase II study of crizotinib in Japanese patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer harboring a MET gene alteration: Co-MET study.
An Optimization of AAV-82Q-Delivered Rat Model of Huntington \' s Disease.
Delayed administration of recombinant plasma gelsolin improves survival in a murine model of severe influenza.
Comparative proteomic analyses of the liver in D-galactosamine-sensitized mice treated with different Toll-like receptor agonists.
Pretransplant Genetic Susceptibility: Clinical Relevance in Transplant-Associated Thrombotic Microangiopathy.
Thrombin Promotes Macrophage Polarization into M1-Like Phenotype to Induce Inflammatory Responses.
Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency: An Update on Genetic Analysis of CYP21A2 Gene.
Inactivation of mgrB gene regulator and resistance to colistin is becoming endemic in carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae in Greece: a nationwide study from 2014 to 2017: Carbapenem and colistin resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Circular RNA 0060428 sponges miR-375 to promote osteosarcoma cell proliferation by upregulating the expression of RPBJ.
Complete genome sequence and comparative genomic analysis of hyper-aerotolerant Campylobacter lari strain SCHS02 isolated from duck for its potential pathogenicity.
Molecular and immunological characterizations of interleukin-11 in large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea).
Proton Motive Force Disruptors Block Bacterial Competence and Horizontal Gene Transfer.
Targeting the PI5P4K Lipid Kinase Family in Cancer Using Covalent Inhibitors.
The Contextualized Genetics of Human Longevity: JACC Focus Seminar.
Pathogenic FBN1 Genetic Variation and Aortic Dissection in Patients With Marfan Syndrome.
Hierarchy in Hfq Chaperon Occupancy of Small RNA Targets Plays a Major Role in Their Regulation.
Direct Comparison of Mononucleated and Binucleated Cardiomyocytes Reveals Molecular Mechanisms Underlying Distinct Proliferative Competencies.
Shared PPARalpha/gamma Target Genes Regulate Brown Adipocyte Thermogenic Function.
Single-Cell Analysis of Foxp1-Driven Mechanisms Essential for Striatal Development.
Continuous Microevolution Accelerates Disease Progression during Sequential Episodes of Infection.
Virus-Mediated Suppression of the Antigen Presentation Molecule MR1.
Interplay of Staphylococcal and Host Proteases Promotes Skin Barrier Disruption in Netherton Syndrome.
An Integrated Metagenome Catalog Reveals New Insights into the Murine Gut Microbiome.
Germline Features Associated with Immune Infiltration in Solid Tumors.
Early B Cell Factor Activity Controls Developmental and Adaptive Thermogenic Gene Programming in Adipocytes.
High-Throughput Screens of PAM-Flexible Cas9 Variants for Gene Knockout and Transcriptional Modulation.
AMPK and TOR: The Yin and Yang of Cellular Nutrient Sensing and Growth Control.
Targeting Local Osteogenic and Ancillary Cells by Mechanobiologically Optimized Mg Scaffolds for Orbital Bone Reconstruction in Canines.
SOX2 mediates cisplatin resistance in small-cell lung cancer with downregulated expression of hsa-miR-340-5p.
Long noncoding RNA UCA1 promotes cell growth, migration, and invasion by targeting miR-143-3p in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Oncolytic virotherapy in hepato-bilio-pancreatic cancer: The key to breaking the log jam?
Development and validation of hub genes for lymph node metastasis in patients with prostate cancer.
Comparative and population genomics approaches reveal the basis of adaptation to deserts in a small rodent.
Diagnostic deep-targeted next-generation sequencing assessment of TP53 gene mutations in multiple myeloma from the whole bone marrow.
USP7 inhibition inhibits proliferation and induces megakaryocytic differentiation in MDS cells by upregulating gelsolin.
Polycomb group RING finger protein 5 influences several developmental signaling pathways during the in vitro differentiation of mouse embryonic stem cells.
The genetic program to specify ectodermal cells in ascidian embryos.
Inflammatory Microenvironment Modulation of Alternative Splicing in Cancer: A Way to Adapt.
Metabolic Reprogramming and Signaling to Chromatin Modifications in Tumorigenesis.
Melanoma Metabolism: Cell Survival and Resistance to Therapy.
Metabolic Remodeling as a Way of Adapting to Tumor Microenvironment (TME), a Job of Several Holders.
Long noncoding RNA LINC01234 silencing exerts an anti-oncogenic effect in esophageal cancer cells through microRNA-193a-5p-mediated CCNE1 downregulation.
Evaluation of Mutations in 23S rRNA, rdxA and frxA Genes of Helicobacter pylori in Paraffin-Embedded Gastric Biopsy Specimens from Iranian Gastric Cancer and Gastritis Patients.
NRF2-driven redox metabolism takes center stage in cancer metabolism from an outside-in perspective.
Interaction between piperine and genes associated with sciatica and its mechanism based on molecular docking technology and network pharmacology.
AtDRO1 is nuclear localized in root tips under native conditions and impacts auxin localization.
LncRNA MIAT/miR-133a-3p axis regulates atrial fibrillation and atrial fibrillation-induced myocardial fibrosis.
Recent advances in biotechnological studies on wild grapevines as valuable resistance sources for smart viticulture.
Multifunctional ENY2 Protein Interacts with RNA Helicase MLE.
Ascorbate Peroxidase of Moss Dicranum scoparium: Gene Identification and Enzyme Activity.
A Finding of a Frozen Mummy of a Lemming (Rodentia, Cricetidae, Lemmus) in the Upper Pleistocene of Yakutia.
Dysregulations of mitochondrial quality control and autophagic flux at an early age lead to progression of sarcopenia in SAMP8 mice.
A double-locus scarless genome editing system in Escherichia coli.
Bioinoculants play a significant role in shaping the rhizospheric microbial community: a field study with Cajanus cajan.
A molecule capturer analysis system for visual determination of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli serotype O78 using a lateral flow assay.
Characteristics and complete genome sequence of the virulent Vibrio alginolyticus phage VAP7, isolated in Hainan, China.
Human genetics and malaria resistance.
Fatty acid-binding proteins in Echinococcus spp.: the family has grown.
Heterologous expression of a chimeric gene, OsDST-SRDX, enhanced salt tolerance of transgenic switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.).
Natural and engineered promoters for gene expression in Lactobacillus species.
Large-scale manufacture of VP2 VLP vaccine against porcine parvovirus in Escherichia coli with high-density fermentation.
Quantification of the dynamics of population heterogeneities in CHO cultures with stably integrated fluorescent markers.
USP22 promotes IRF3 nuclear translocation and antiviral responses by deubiquitinating the importin protein KPNA2.
Progression of AITL-like tumors in mice is driven by Tfh signature proteins and T-B cross talk.
FLI1 gene influences lesion size and skin test may predict therapeutic response in cutaneous leishmaniasis.
A new gene inventory of the ubiquitin and ubiquitin-like conjugation pathways in Giardia intestinalis.
Molecular detection of prepatent Schistosoma mansoni infection in Biomphalaria glabrata snail vectors.
Methylophiopogonanone A, an Ophiopogon homoisoflavonoid, alleviates high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia: assessment of its potential mechanism.
The APOB rs693 polymorphism impacts the lipid profile of Brazilian older adults.
Up-regulated miR-106b inhibits ox-LDL-induced endothelial cell apoptosis in atherosclerosis.
Isolates of Bacillus thuringiensis from Maranhao biomes with potential insecticidal action against Aedes aegypti larvae (Diptera, Culicidae).
Influence of EGFR-activating mutations on sensitivity to tyrosine kinase inhibitors in a KRAS mutant non-small cell lung cancer cell line.
Aquaporin locus (12q13.12) might contribute to susceptibility of temporomandibular joint disorder associated with periodontitis.
Combined analysis of microbial metagenomic and metatranscriptomic sequencing data to assess in situ physiological conditions in the premature infant gut.
A survey of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in urban wetlands in southwestern Nigeria as a step towards generating prevalence maps of antimicrobial resistance.
Performance of Genotype MTBDRsl V2.0 over the Genotype MTBDRsl V1 for detection of second line drug resistance: An Indian perspective.
Asymmetron lucayanum: How many species are valid?
Murine cytomegalovirus infection exacerbates complex IV deficiency in a model of mitochondrial disease.
The SNAP hypothesis: Chromosomal rearrangements could emerge from positive Selection during Niche Adaptation.
Psi-xenin-6 enhances sitagliptin effectiveness, but does not improve glucose tolerance.
Non-invasive prenatal testing for aneuploidy, copy number variants and single gene disorders.
Integrated analysis of mRNA and protein expression profiling in tubal endometriosis.
Proteome profile of peripheral myelin in healthy mice and in a neuropathy model.
Characterisation of genes involved in galactolipids and sulfolipids metabolism in maize and Arabidopsis and their differential responses to phosphate deficiency.
Regulation of Myosin Heavy Chain Antisense Long Non-Coding RNA in Human Vastus Lateralis in Response to Exercise Training.
17-Gene Genomic Prostate Score Test Results in the Canary Prostate Active Surveillance Study (PASS) Cohort.
IL-4/IL-13 upregulates Sonic hedgehog expression to induce allergic airway epithelial remodeling.
Effects of Pre and Postnatal Protein Restriction on Maternal and Offspring Metabolism in the Nonhuman Primate.
Chemical sympathectomy reduces peripheral inflammatory responses to acute and chronic sleep fragmentation.
Renal Tissue PO2 Sensing During Acute Hemodilution is Dependent on the Diluent.
Genomic Insight into Natural Inactivation of Shiga Toxin 2 Production in an Environmental Escherichia coli Strain Producing Shiga Toxin 1.
Reactivity, Mechanism, and Assembly of the Alternative Nitrogenases.
Revised structure of anthelvencin A and characterization of the anthelvencin biosynthetic gene cluster.
Expanding the CRISPR Toolbox in Culicine Mosquitoes: In Vitro Validation of Pol III Promoters.
Genetic variability and phylogenetic analysis of Lagovirus europaeus strains GI.1 (RHDV) and GI.2 (RHDV2) based on the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) coding gene.
The effect of luteolin 7-glucoside, apigenin 7-glucoside and Succisa pratensis extracts on NF-kappaB activation and alpha-amylase activity in HepG2 cells.
The S. mutans mntE gene encodes a manganese efflux transporter.
Altered Cerebello-Motor Network in Familial Cortical Myoclonic Tremor With Epilepsy Type 1.
First evidence of bovine immunodeficiency virus infection in mexican cattle.
Woolly, interacting with MYB transcription factor SlMYB31, regulates cuticular wax biosynthesis by modulating SlCER6 expression in tomato.
Neurophysiological signatures of motor impairment in patients with Rett syndrome.
MicroRNA targeting of the non-canonical planar cell polarity pathway in the developing neural tube.
Clinicopathological significance of EGFR pathway gene mutations and CRTC1/3-MAML2 fusions in salivary gland mucoepidermoid carcinoma.
A lamin-like protein OsNMCP1 regulates drought resistance and root growth through chromatin accessibility modulation by interacting with a chromatin remodeler OsSWI3C in rice.
The WRKY6 transcription factor affects seed oil accumulation and alters fatty acid compositions in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Root-knot nematodes induce gall formation by recruiting developmental pathways of post-embryonic organogenesis and regeneration to promote transient pluripotency.
Cytokinin-induced protein synthesis suppresses growth and osmotic stress tolerance.
ONECUT2 upregulation is associated with CpG hypomethylation at promoter-proximal DNA in gastric cancer and triggers ACSL5.
Molecular genetic analysis of an XDR Pseudomonas aeruginosa ST664 clone carrying multiple conjugal plasmids.
Linezolid resistance in Enterococcus faecium and Enterococcus faecalis from hospitalized patients in Ireland: high prevalence of the MDR genes optrA and poxtA in isolates with diverse genetic backgrounds.
Genomic diversity of SARS-CoV-2 in Coronavirus Disease 2019 patients.
Carbon metabolism snapshot by ddPCR during the early step of Candida albicans phagocytosis by macrophages.
Whole genome sequencing provides genomic insights into three Morganella morganii strains isolated from bovine rectal swabs in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Shifts in short chain fatty acids profile, Fe(III) reduction and bacterial community with biochar amendment in rice paddy soil.
Warning: not all carriers of pathogenic mutations in desmosomal genes should follow the same medical advices !
In vivo CRISPRa decreases seizures and rescues cognitive deficits in a rodent model of epilepsy.
Supervised-learning is an accurate method for network-based gene classification.
Comprehensive fitness maps of Hsp90 show widespread environmental dependence.
Molecular detection of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in farm-raised pigs in Hainan Province, China: infection rates, genotype distributions, and zoonotic potential.
[End of the road for the &lt;&lt; homosexuality gene &gt;&gt;].
[To eat or to speak].
[Gene-based therapies of spinal muscular atrophy: a piece of history of medicine].
[SMA: from gene discovery to gene therapy].
Roseimaritima sediminicola sp. nov., a new member of Planctomycetaceae isolated from Chilika lagoon.
Halomonas piezotolerans sp. nov., a multiple-stress-tolerant bacterium isolated from a deep-sea sediment sample of the New Britain Trench.
Phylogenomic revision of the family Streptosporangiaceae, reclassification of Desertactinospora gelatinilytica as Spongiactinospora gelatinilytica comb. nov. and a taxonomic home for the genus Sinosporangium in the family Streptosporangiaceae.
The association between the maternal diet and the maternal and infant gut microbiome: a systematic review.
Draft genome resource for the Ex-types of Phytophthora ramorum, P. kernoviae and P. melonis, species of regulatory concern, using ultra long-read MinION Nanopore sequencing.
The role of long non-coding RNAs in mediating chemoresistance by modulating autophagy in cancer.
miR-206 knockout shows it is critical for myogenesis and directly regulates newly identified target mRNAs.
Effect of embryo vitrification on the expression of brain tissue proteins in mouse offspring.
CMA1 is potent prognostic marker and associates with immune infiltration in gastric cancer.
Transcriptome hallmarks in Helicobacter pylori infection influence gastric cancer and MALT lymphoma.
Novel In-Frame Deletion Mutation in NOTCH1 in a Chinese Sporadic Case of Adams-Oliver Syndrome.
Vitamin E Scaffolds of pH-Responsive Lipid Nanoparticles as DNA Vaccines in Cancer and Protozoan Infection.
Polyacetylenes from Oplopanax horridus and Panax ginseng: Relationship between Structure and PPARgamma Activation.
Neuroinflammatory Gene Expression Alterations in Anterior Cingulate Cortical White and Gray Matter of Males With Autism Spectrum Disorder.
A bHLH transcription activator regulates defense signaling by nucleo-cytosolic trafficking in rice.
Antidepressant mechanism of classical herbal formula lily bulb and Rehmannia decoction: Insights from gene expression profile of medial prefrontal cortex of mice with stress-induced depression-like behavior.
Genome-Wide CRISPR Screen Identifies ZIC2 As An Essential Gene That Controls The Cell-Fate of Early Mesodermal Precursors To Human Heart Progenitors.
Functional Analysis of a Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Demonstrates Role of Spontaneous Double Bicyclo-ring Formation Including 8pi-6pi Electrocyclization in Shimalactone Biosynthesis.
Pathway-specific reporter genes to study stem cell biology.
Chitinase10 controls chitin amounts and organization in the wing cuticle of Drosophila.
Hes1 deficiency causes hematopoietic stem cell exhaustion.
LINC00667 promotes Wilms \'  tumor metastasis and stemness by sponging miR-200b/c/429 family to regulate IKK-beta.
Comparison between two rabbit models of posttraumatic osteoarthritis. A longitudinal tear in the medial meniscus and anterior cruciate ligament transection.
Frequency of CD36 deficiency in Thais analyzed by quantification of CD36 on cell surfaces and in plasma.
EF hand-like motif mutations of Nav1.4 C-terminus cause myotonic syndrome by impairing fast inactivation.
CAMERS-B: CRISPR/Cpf1 Assisted Multiple-genes Editing and Regulation System for Bacillus subtilis.
Paediatric Cushing \' s disease - a literature review of epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical symptoms, and diagnostics.
LncRNA MIR155HG contributes to smoke-related chronic obstructive pulmonary disease by targeting miR-128-5p/BRD4 axis.
Biallelic variants in PSMB1 encoding the proteasome subunit beta6 cause impairment of proteasome function, microcephaly, intellectual disability, developmental delay and short stature.
Simultaneous changes in expression levels of BAALC and miR-326: a novel prognostic biomarker for childhood ALL.
OsOASTL-A1 functions as a cytosolic cysteine synthase and affects arsenic tolerance in rice.
Genistein inhibits high fat diet-induced obesity through miR-222 by targeting BTG2 and adipor1.
Healthy lifespan extension mediated by oenothein B isolated from Eucalyptus grandis x Eucalyptus urophylla GL9 in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Altered Mitochondrial Dynamics, Biogenesis, and Functions in the Paclitaxel-Resistant Lung Adenocarcinoma Cell Line A549/Taxol.
Novel mutation in the nuclear receptor subfamily 0, group B, member 1 (NR0B1) gene associated with intrafamilial heterogeneity in three boys with X-linked adrenal hypoplasia congenita and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism from India.
Novel VPS13A Gene Mutations in a South Asian, Indian Patient with Chorea-acanthocytosis.
Fever, Fasting, and Rhabdomyolysis in an Adult Male.
Association of Genetic Polymorphisms in Tumor Necrosis Factor-Alpha gene with the risk of Intracerebral Hemorrhage in North Indian Population.
The Relationship Between Tumor Necrosis Factor-Alpha (-308G/A, +488G/A, -857C/T, and -1031T/C) Gene Polymorphisms and Risk of Intracerebral Hemorrhage in the North Indian Population: A Hospital-Based Case-Control Study.
Lowe syndrome - Case report with a novel mutation in the oculocerebrorenal gene.
Persistent hypokalemia due to a rare mutation in gitelman \' s syndrome.
NPHS2 gene mutations in azerbaijani children with steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome.
High quantities of multidrug-resistant Escherichia coli are present in the Machangara urban river in Quito, Ecuador.
First identification in Tasmania of fish pathogens Tenacibaculum dicentrarchi and T. soleae and multiplex PCR for these organisms and T. maritimum.
Characterization of microsporidian Ameson herrnkindi sp. nov. infecting Caribbean spiny lobsters Panulirus argus.
MiR-384 Inhibits Malignant Biological Behavior Such as Proliferation and Invasion of Osteosarcoma by Regulating IGFBP3.
Association analysis of potentially functional variants within 8p12 with schizophrenia in the Han Chinese population.
MiRNA: A potential target for gene diagnosis and treatment of atherosclerotic stroke.
The role of xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes in the placenta: a growing research field.
Larotrectinib, a selective tropomyosin receptor kinase inhibitor for adult and pediatric tropomyosin receptor kinase fusion cancers.
Transcriptome and Metabolic Profiling Unveiled Roles of Peroxidases in Theaflavin Production in Black Tea Processing and Determination of Tea Processing Suitability.
Gene Editing Clinical Trials Could Slip through Australian Regulatory Cracks.
Extracellular Matrix Production by Mesenchymal Stromal Cells in Hydrogels Facilitates Cell Spreading and Is Inhibited by FGF-2.
Transcription and splicing: A two-way street.
Indomethacin decreases insulin secretion by reducing KCa3.1 as a biomarker of pancreatic tumor and causes apoptotic cell death.
A novel nonsense mutation in the L1CAM gene responsible for X-linked congenital hydrocephalus.
Enhanced anticancer potency of doxorubicin in combination with curcumin in gastric adenocarcinoma.
Understanding genetic learning needs of people affected by rare disease.
Smart Design of Nanomaterials for Mitochondria-Targeted Nanotherapeutics.
Expanding the phenotypic and genotypic spectrum of Wiedemann-Steiner syndrome: First patient from India.
Neural network correlates of high-altitude adaptive genetic variants in Tibetans: A pilot, exploratory study.
The impact of 21-Gene Recurrence Score test and classic clinical-pathologic factors in guiding adjuvant therapy for HER-2 negative, ER-positive, early-stage breast cancer: A retrospective study.
Long noncoding RNA LINC00324 exerts protumorigenic effects on liver cancer stem cells by upregulating fas ligand via PU box binding protein.
Regulation of lipid-induced macrophage polarization through modulating PPAR-gamma activity affects hepatic lipid metabolism via TLR4/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Recent advances with alkaline phosphatase isoenzymes and their inhibitors.
Rare variants and biological pathways identified in treatment-refractory depression.
Diagnosis of canine renal lymphoma by cytology and flow cytometry of the urine.
On the logic of Fisherian sexual selection.
[Clinical practice guidelines for single gene glaucoma disorder].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Noonan syndrome].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Rett syndrome].
[Clinical practice guidelines for retinitis pigmentosa].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Long Q-T interval syndrome].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Leber \' s hereditary optic neuropathy].
[Clinical practice guidelines for hereditary non-syndromic deafness].
[Clinical practice guidelines for spinal muscular atrophy].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Duchenne muscular dystrophy].
[Clinical practice guidelines for albinism].
[Clinical practice guidelines for beta-thalassemia].
Resistance to Chilo infuscatellus (Lepidoptera: Pyraloidea) in transgenic lines of sugarcane expressing Bacillus thuringiensis derived Vip3A protein.
HPRT-related hyperuricemia with a novel p.V35M mutation in HPRT1 presenting familial juvenile gout.
Establishment of a Genomic-Clinicopathologic Nomogram for Predicting Early Recurrence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma After R0 Resection.
The case for severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID) and T cell lymphopenia newborn screening: saving lives...one at a time.
Annual patterns of ocular melatonin level in the female grass puffer, Takifugu alboplumbeus: possible involvement in seasonal reproductive response.
Emergence of vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium ST1421 lacking the pstS gene in Korea.
Genome-wide analyses of banana fasciclin-like AGP genes and their differential expression under low-temperature stress in chilling sensitive and tolerant cultivars.
Molecular genetics of leaf rust resistance in wheat and barley.
Genetic diversity of strawberry mild yellow edge virus from eastern Canada.
Unconventional Estrogen Signaling in Health and Disease.
Origins, admixture dynamics and homogenization of the African gene pool in the Americas.
The effects of graded levels of calorie restriction XV: phase space attractors reveal distinct behavioral phenotypes.
Factor VIII exhibits chaperone-dependent and glucose-regulated reversible amyloid formation in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Tolerogenic properties of CD206+ macrophages appeared in the sublingual mucosa after repeated antigen-painting.
LeukmiR: a database for miRNAs and their targets in acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Incorporation of a unified protein abundance dataset into the Saccharomyces genome database.
Phthalate Exposures and MicroRNA Expression in Uterine Fibroids: The FORGE Study.
Cardiomyopathy associated with Ceutzfeld-Jakob disease: a diagnosis of exclusion: a case report.
Differential role of MAX2 and strigolactones in pathogen, ozone, and stomatal responses.
Subfunctionalization of phytochrome B1/B2 leads to differential auxin and photosynthetic responses.
IsoSeq transcriptome assembly of C3 panicoid grasses provides tools to study evolutionary change in the Panicoideae.
Data-driven statistical modeling of the emergent behavior of biohybrid microrobots.
Single nucleotide alterations in MicroRNAs and human cancer-A not fully explored field.
The effects of hyaluronate-containing medium on human embryo attachment to endometrial epithelial cells in vitro.
Sustained IFN-I stimulation impairs MAIT cell responses to bacteria by inducing IL-10 during chronic HIV-1 infection.
Engineering light-controllable CAR T cells for cancer immunotherapy.
Enhanced CRISPR-Cas9 correction of Duchenne muscular dystrophy in mice by a self-complementary AAV delivery system.
Vascular endothelium-targeted Sirt7 gene therapy rejuvenates blood vessels and extends life span in a Hutchinson-Gilford progeria model.
Intrinsic disorder controls two functionally distinct dimers of the master transcription factor PU.1.
Glycosylation of immunoglobulin G is regulated by a large network of genes pleiotropic with inflammatory diseases.
LATS kinase-mediated CTCF phosphorylation and selective loss of genomic binding.
Two Unanticipated Pregnancies While on Cystic Fibrosis Gene-Specific Drug Therapy.
Rapid Delivery of Nanobodies/VHHs into Living Cells via Expressing In Vitro-Transcribed mRNA.
Systematic metadata analysis of brown rot fungi gene expression data reveals the genes involved in Fenton \' s reaction and wood decay process.
A Patient with Combined CADASIL and MTHFR Homozygosity.
Genetic Predisposition and Salt Sensitivity in a Chinese Han Population: The EpiSS Study.
Allele-specific miRNA-binding analysis identifies candidate target genes for breast cancer risk.
Utility of the methylated SEPT9 test for the early detection of colorectal cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy.
LncRNA profile study reveals a seven-lncRNA signature predicts the prognosis of patients with colorectal cancer.
A hidden cause of infertility in hypothyroid patients.
Case report of an exercise training and nutritional intervention plan in a patient with A350P mutation in DES gene.
Long noncoding RNAs: new insights in modulating mammalian spermatogenesis.
RNA-sequencing analysis of gene expression in a rat model of acute right heart failure.
Small fish, large river: Surprisingly minimal genetic structure in a dispersal-limited, habitat specialist fish.
Climate connectivity of the bobcat in the Great Lakes region.
Are migratory waterfowl vectors of seagrass pathogens?
Heat knockdown resistance and chill-coma recovery as correlated responses to selection on mating success at high temperature in Drosophila buzzatii.
Genetic diversity of the rain tree (Albizia saman) in Colombian seasonally dry tropical forest for informing conservation and restoration interventions.
In the presence of population structure: From genomics to candidate genes underlying local adaptation.
Genomic signatures of host-associated divergence and adaptation in a coral-eating snail, Coralliophila violacea (Kiener, 1836).
Telemetry and genetics reveal asymmetric dispersal of a lake-feeding salmonid between inflow and outflow spawning streams at a microgeographic scale.
A novel miR-0308-3p revealed by miRNA-seq of HBV-positive hepatocellular carcinoma suppresses cell proliferation and promotes G1/S arrest by targeting double CDK6/Cyclin D1 genes.
Protection of BALB/c mice against pathogenic Brucella abortus and Brucella melitensis by vaccination with recombinant Omp16.
WDR7 up-regulation upon knocking down of neighboring non-coding RNA using siRNAs encapsulated in polyamidoamine dendrimers.
The prevalence of exotoxins, adhesion, and biofilm-related genes in Staphylococcus aureus isolates from the main burn center of Tehran, Iran.
Thalidomide attenuates the hyporesponsiveness of isolated atria to chronotropic stimulation in BDL rats: The involvement of TNF-alpha, IL-6 inhibition, and SOCS1 activation.
Exosomes derived from HeLa cells break down vascular integrity by triggering endoplasmic reticulum stress in endothelial cells.
Identification of rare variants in novel candidate genes in pulmonary atresia patients by next generation sequencing.
Landscape inferred from gene expression data governs pluripotency in embryonic stem cells.
Weighted gene co-expression network analysis identified MYL9 and CNN1 are associated with recurrence in colorectal cancer.
FAM115C could be a novel tumor suppressor associated with prolonged survival in pancreatic cancer patients.
The Correlation between EGFR Mutation Status and DNA Content of Lung Adenocarcinoma Cells in Pleural Effusion.
Therapeutic Rationale to Target Highly Expressed Aurora kinase A Conferring Poor Prognosis in Cholangiocarcinoma.
The Role of MiR-5094 as a Proliferation Suppressor during Cellular Radiation Response via Downregulating STAT5b.
Visualization of gene therapy with a liver cancer-targeted adeno-associated virus 3 vector.
Association of microRNA biosynthesis genes XPO5 and RAN polymorphisms with cancer susceptibility: Bayesian hierarchical meta-analysis.
Bioinformatics analysis and identification of potential genes related to pathogenesis of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia.
A Combined four-mRNA Signature Associated with Lymphatic Metastasis for Prognosis of Colorectal Cancer.
Cadherin 13 Inhibits Pancreatic Cancer Progression and Epithelial-mesenchymal Transition by Wnt/beta-Catenin Signaling.
Nomograms for the Prediction of Survival for Patients with Pediatric Adrenal Cancer after Surgery.
Mesenchymal stem/stromal cells-derived IL-6 promotes nasopharyngeal carcinoma growth and resistance to cisplatin via upregulating CD73 expression.
The combination of PKM2 overexpression and M2 macrophages infiltration confers a poor prognosis for PDAC patients.
Epigenetic aberrations in natural killer/T-cell lymphoma: diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic implications.
Complete genome of Enterobacter sichuanensis strain SGAir0282 isolated from air in Singapore.
Gut microbiome of native Arab Kuwaitis.
Feasibility study of on-site solid-state enzyme production by Aspergillus oryzae.
Immunoglobulin heavy variable (IgHV) gene mutation and micro-RNA expression in Burkitt \' s lymphoma at Moi Teaching and Referral Hospital in Western Kenya.
Association of Vitamin D deficiency and Vitamin D Receptor Gene Polymorphisms with Type 2 diabetes mellitus Saudi patients.
ABCB1 variants C3435T and T129C are not associated with colorectal cancer risk.
Genetic polymorphism of Merozoite Surface Protein 1 (msp1) and 2 (msp2) genes and multiplicity of Plasmodium falciparum infection across various endemic areas in Senegal.
Integrative Clustering Reveals a Novel Subtype of Soft Tissue Sarcoma With Poor Prognosis.
New Insights Into Chromomere Organization Provided by Lampbrush Chromosome Microdissection and High-Throughput Sequencing.
Inferring Regulatory Networks From Mixed Observational Data Using Directed Acyclic Graphs.
Methylobacterium sp. 2A Is a Plant Growth-Promoting Rhizobacteria That Has the Potential to Improve Potato Crop Yield Under Adverse Conditions.
eCALIBRATOR: A Comparative Tool to Identify Key Genes and Pathways for Eucalyptus Defense Against Biotic Stressors.
An Integrated Analysis of mRNA and lncRNA Expression Profiles Indicates Their Potential Contribution to Brown Fat Dysfunction With Aging.
MiR-142-5p Protects Against 6-OHDA-Induced SH-SY5Y Cell Injury by Downregulating BECN1 and Autophagy.
The different expression of glycogen phosphorylases in renal clear cell renal carcinoma and chromophobe renal carcinoma.
Mechanisms of transformation of nicotinamide mononucleotides to cerebral infarction hemorrhage based on MCAO model.
Attenuated measles vaccine strain have potent oncolytic activity against Iraqi patient derived breast cancer cell line.
Two novel SNPs in genes involved in immune response and their association with mandibular residual ridge resorption.
Effect of traditionally used herb Pedalium murex L. and its active compound pedalitin on urease expression - For the management of kidney stone.
Investigation of plasmid-mediated resistance in E. coli isolated from healthy and diarrheic sheep and goats.
Inflammatory bowel disease pathobiology: the role of the interferon signature.
Association of catechol-O-methyltranferase 472G&gt;A (Val158Met) polymorphism with susceptibility to fibromyalgia syndrome.
CYP27B1 as an instrument gene to investigate the causal relationship between vitamin D deficiency and obesity: a family-based study.
Particulate mediators of the bystander effect linked to suicide and interferon-beta transgene expression in melanoma cells.
The CUL4B-miR-372/373-PIK3CA-AKT axis regulates metastasis in bladder cancer.
Comprehensive diagnostics of acute myeloid leukemia by whole transcriptome RNA sequencing.
Comprehensive genomic characterization of gene therapy-induced T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Correction: Role of growth arrest-specific gene 6-mer axis in multiple myeloma.
Igf2bp3 maintains maternal RNA stability and ensures early embryo development in zebrafish.
Collective effects of long-range DNA methylations predict gene expressions and estimate phenotypes in cancer.
Epigenetic silencing of heat shock protein 70 through DNA hypermethylation in pseudoexfoliation syndrome and glaucoma.
A novel biallelic single base insertion in WNK1 in a Pakistani family with congenital insensitivity to pain.
Functional Consequences of PDK4 Deficiency in Doberman Pinscher Fibroblasts.
Agreement between PDL1 immunohistochemistry assays and polymerase chain reaction in non-small cell lung cancer: CLOVER comparison study.
Author Correction: Daphnia stressor database: Taking advantage of a decade of Daphnia  \' -omics \'  data for gene annotation.
Identification of a combination of transcription factors that synergistically increases endothelial cell barrier resistance.
Gene regulatory network analysis with drug sensitivity reveals synergistic effects of combinatory chemotherapy in gastric cancer.
Phylogenomics of Rhodocyclales and its distribution in wastewater treatment systems.
Expanded inverted repeat region with large scale inversion in the first complete plastid genome sequence of Plantago ovata.
Neural maturation enhanced by exercise-induced extracellular derivatives.
HDMAC: A Web-Based Interactive Program for High-Dimensional Analysis of Molecular Alterations in Cancer.
Embryonic ethanol exposure alters expression of sox2 and other early transcripts in zebrafish, producing gastrulation defects.
Micromonospora zhangzhouensis sp. nov., a Novel Actinobacterium Isolated from Mangrove Soil, Exerts a Cytotoxic Activity in vitro.
HIF1 driven transcriptional activity regulates steroidogenesis and proliferation of bovine granulosa cells.
Confirmation of the shell-boring oyster parasite Polydora websteri (Polychaeta: Spionidae) in Washington State, USA.
Development of genetic quality tests for good manufacturing practice-compliant induced pluripotent stem cells and their derivatives.
Distribution of Candidatus Liberibacter species in Eastern Africa, and the First Report of Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus in Kenya.
Intermittent Lactobacilli-containing Vaginal Probiotic or Metronidazole Use to Prevent Bacterial Vaginosis Recurrence: A Pilot Study Incorporating Microscopy and Sequencing.
Genome-wide analysis of the HSP101/CLPB gene family for heat tolerance in hexaploid wheat.
Molecular and cellular determinants of motor asymmetry in zebrafish.
Embracing the dropouts in single-cell RNA-seq analysis.
Imaging-genetics of sex differences in ASD: distinct effects of OXTR variants on brain connectivity.
MYC-regulated pseudogene HMGA1P6 promotes ovarian cancer malignancy via augmenting the oncogenic HMGA1/2.
Variants of GRM7 as risk factor and response to antipsychotic therapy in schizophrenia.
Fingolimod rescues demyelination in a mouse model of Krabbe \' s disease.
The functional activity of E-cadherin controls tumor cell metastasis at multiple steps.
Regulation of B cell receptor-dependent NF-kappaB signaling by the tumor suppressor KLHL14.
Identification of ALDH1A3 as a viable therapeutic target in breast cancer metastasis-initiating cells.
CDK9 Blockade Exploits Context-Dependent Transcriptional Changes to Improve Activity and Limit Toxicity of Mithramycin for Ewing Sarcoma.
Using Colonization Assays and Comparative Genomics To Discover Symbiosis Behaviors and Factors in Vibrio fischeri.
Peptidoglycan Hydrolases RipA and Ami1 Are Critical for Replication and Persistence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in the Host.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis Reactivates HIV-1 via Exosome-Mediated Resetting of Cellular Redox Potential and Bioenergetics.
Parallel Genomics Uncover Novel Enterococcal-Bacteriophage Interactions.
A Polar Flagellar Transcriptional Program Mediated by Diverse Two-Component Signal Transduction Systems and Basal Flagellar Proteins Is Broadly Conserved in Polar Flagellates.
Emergence of a Plasmid-Encoded Resistance-Nodulation-Division Efflux Pump Conferring Resistance to Multiple Drugs, Including Tigecycline, in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Diversity and Complexity of the Large Surface Protein Family in the Compacted Genomes of Multiple Pneumocystis Species.
Bacterial Transformation Buffers Environmental Fluctuations through the Reversible Integration of Mobile Genetic Elements.
Direct Observation of the Dynamics of Single-Cell Metabolic Activity during Microbial Diauxic Growth.
Collaborative Cross Mice Yield Genetic Modifiers for Pseudomonas aeruginosa Infection in Human Lung Disease.
Defining Stage-Specific Activity of Potent New Inhibitors of Cryptosporidium parvum Growth In Vitro.
Intranasal Bacterial Therapeutics Reduce Colonization by the Respiratory Pathogen Mannheimia haemolytica in Dairy Calves.
Genome-wide integrative analysis of circular RNA dysregulation and the corresponding circular RNA-microRNA-mRNA regulatory axes in autism.
Dnmt3a and Dnmt3b-Decommissioned Fetal Enhancers are Linked to Kidney Disease.
Accumulation of Globotriaosylceramide in Podocytes in Fabry Nephropathy Is Associated with Progressive Podocyte Loss.
TBK1 Activation by VHL Loss in Renal Cell Carcinoma: A Novel HIF-Independent Vulnerability.
Development of cGAMP-Luc, a sensitive and precise coupled enzyme assay to measure cGAMP in complex biological samples.
Leptin and fractalkine: Novel subcutaneous cytokines in burn injury.
A Novel GPER Antagonist Protects Against the Formation of Estrogen-Induced Cholesterol Gallstones in Female Mice.
Deciphering the immunomodulatory capacity of oncolytic vaccinia virus to enhance the immune response to breast cancer.
Muscleblind-like 2 controls the hypoxia response of cancer cells.
The ghost of temperature past: interactive effects of previous and current thermal conditions on gene expression in Manduca sexta.
Hepatic Transporter Alterations by Nuclear Receptor Agonist T0901317 in Sandwich-cultured Human Hepatocytes: Proteomic Analysis and PBPK Modeling to Evaluate Drug-Drug Interaction Risk.
ATM Loss Confers Greater Sensitivity to ATR Inhibition than PARP Inhibition in Prostate Cancer.
Risk SNP-mediated enhancer-promoter interaction drives colorectal cancer through both FADS2 and AP002754.2.
Targeting the E3 Ubiquitin Ligase PJA1 Enhances Tumor-Suppressing TGF-beta Signaling.
A dot-stripe Turing model of joint patterning in the tetrapod limb.
[TMPRSS2-Erg/AR-V7: Prognostic value of tests in urine and biopsy rince material in prostate cancer].
Exercise, redox homeostasis and the epigenetic landscape.
Activation of apoptosis by Salmonella pathogenicity island-1 effectors through both intrinsic and extrinsic pathways in Salmonella-infected macrophages.
Association of ABCB1 and VEGFA gene polymorphisms with breast cancer susceptibility and prognosis.
The immunologic dominance of an epitope within a rationally designed poly-epitope vaccine is influenced by multiple factors.
An old drug for a rare disease: The example of celiprolol for vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
Neuropeptide Y is involved in the regulation of quiescence of hematopoietic stem cells.
Several critical genes and microRNAs associated with the development of polycystic ovary syndrome.
The Her2 gene aberrations in mucinous ovarian carcinoma: Analysis of twenty-one cases.
Prenatal diagnosis of mosaicism for a distal 5p deletion in a single colony at amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome and a review of mosaic distal 5p deletion.
Prenatal diagnosis of mosaicism for trisomy 11 in a single colony at amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome.
Prenatal diagnosis of low-level mosaic trisomy 20 by amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome.
Upper limb phocomelia: A prenatal case of thrombocytopenia-absent radius (TAR) syndrome illustrating the importance of chromosomal microarray in limb reduction defects.
Monozygotic twins discordant for low-level mosaic trisomy 17 at amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome and a literature review of heterokaryotypic monozygotic twins at amniocentesis.
Prenatal diagnosis of low-level mosaic trisomy 17 with maternal uniparental disomy 17 by amniocentesis in a pregnancy with a favorable outcome.
Functional polymorphism of PIN1 rs2233679 is associated with the progression of CIN to early cervical cancer in Hunan Chinese.
Design and expression of polytopic construct of cathepsin-L1, SAP-2 and FhTP16.5 proteins of Fasciola hepatica.
Effect of dietary L-carnitine supplementation to sows during gestation and/or lactation on sow productivity, muscle maturation and lifetime growth in progeny from large litters.
Standardized GMP-compliant scalable production of human pancreas organoids.
Twenty years of research on the DFS70/LEDGF autoantibody-autoantigen system: many lessons learned but still many questions.
Analysis of multi-lineage gene expression dynamics during primordial germ cell induction from human induced pluripotent stem cells.
Rhizosphere protists are key determinants of plant health.
Variants of uncertain significance in the era of high-throughput genome sequencing: a lesson from breast and ovary cancers.
Chitinase 3 like 1 suppresses the stability and activity of p53 to promote lung tumorigenesis.
miR-544 promotes maturity and antioxidation of stem cell-derived endothelial like cells by regulating the YY1/TET2 signalling axis.
Tsukushi is essential for the development of the inner ear.
Longitudinal survey of microbiome associated with particulate matter in a megacity.
Fibromatosis-like metaplastic carcinoma: a case report and review of the literature.
CDK1 and CDC20 overexpression in patients with colorectal cancer are associated with poor prognosis: evidence from integrated bioinformatics analysis.
Molecular characterization of Plasmodium falciparum antifolate resistance markers in Thailand between 2008 and 2016.
4q27 deletion and 7q36.1 microduplication in a patient with multiple malformations and hearing loss: a case report.
p.L105Vfs mutation in a family with thymic neuroendocrine tumor combined with MEN1: a case report.
Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis resulting from a cytokine storm triggered by septicemia in a child with chronic granuloma disease: a case report and literature review.
A girl with protein-losing enteropathy during a ketogenic diet: a case report.
Expert curation of the human and mouse olfactory receptor gene repertoires identifies conserved coding regions split across two exons.
The influence of blood on the human gut microbiome.
Isotopic and genetic methods reveal the role of the gut microbiome in mammalian host essential amino acid metabolism.
Transcription of DNA duplex containing deoxypseudouridine and deoxypseudoisocytidine, and inhibition of transcription by triplex forming oligonucleotide that recognizes the modified duplex.
DNA barcoding and phylogenetic analysis of bagrid catfish in China based on mitochondrial COI gene.
Diet-Derived Gallated Catechins Prevent TGF-beta-Mediated Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition, Cell Migration and Vasculogenic Mimicry in Chemosensitive ES-2 Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Postmortem Analysis in a Clinical Trial of AAV2-NGF Gene Therapy for Alzheimer \' s Disease Identifies a Need for Improved Vector Delivery.
Analysis of the Genetic Characteristics of a Chinese Family With Otosclerosis.
Circulating HIV-1 integrase genotypes in Tanzania: Implication on the introduction of Integrase Inhibitors-based ART regimen.
Prevalence of Mycobacterium abscessus among the Patients with Nontuberculous Mycobacteria.
Gene Panel Testing in Hereditary Breast Cancer.
Gene variant profiles and tumor metabolic activity as measured by FOXM1 expression and glucose uptake in lung adenocarcinoma.
[Lights and shadows of combined epigenomic and transcriptomic profiling to identify novel diagnostic, prognostic or therapeutic targets for cardiovascular diseases.]
A case report of severe dermatitis, allergies, and metabolic wasting (SAM syndrome).
Composition, diversity, and activity of aerobic ammonia-oxidizing Bacteria and Archaea in the intertidal sands of a grand strand South Carolina beach.
Isolation of an antimicrobial-resistant, biofilm-forming, Klebsiella grimontii isolate from a reusable water bottle.
The relationship between hyperbilirubinemia and the promoter region and first exon of UGT1A1 gene polymorphisms in Vietnamese newborns.
Salt-Inducible Kinase 3 Haplotypes Associated with Noise-Induced Hearing Loss in Chinese Workers.
Biological Behaviour of Craniopharyngiomas.
Activin A Expressed in Rheumatoid Synovial Cells Downregulates TNFalpha-Induced CXCL10 Expression and Osteoclastogenesis.
Diagnosis and Treatment of Parasellar Lesions.
From reversible to irreversible bistable switches via bifurcations in a gene regulatory network.
Exploring the mechanism of action Xianlingubao Prescription in the treatment of osteoporosis by network pharmacology.
Genomic diversity analysis and identification of novel SSR markers in four tobacco varieties by high-throughput resequencing.
The upregulation of miR-98-5p affects the glycosylation of IgA1 through cytokines in IgA nephropathy.
Chromatin modification by olive phenolics: In silico molecular docking studies utilising the phenolic groups categorised in the OliveNet  database against lysine specific demethylase enzymes.
Two main mutational processes operate in the absence of DNA mismatch repair.
Corrigendum to "The first multi-gene phylogeny of the Macrostomorpha sheds light on the evolution of sexual and asexual reproduction in basal Platyhelminthes". [Mol. Phylogen. Evol. 92 (2015) 82-107].
Dynamics of antioxidant activities, metabolites, phenolic acids, flavonoids, and phenolic biosynthetic genes in germinating Chinese wild rice (Zizania latifolia).
Genome-wide analyses reveals a glucosyltransferase involved in rutin and emodin glucoside biosynthesis in tartary buckwheat.
Effects of elevated CO2 on pigment metabolism of postharvest mandarin fruit for degreening.
Expression profiling of the genes encoding ABA route components and the ACC oxidase isozymes in the senescing leaves of Populus tremula.
Effects of chronic exposure to bisphenol-S on social behaviors in adult zebrafish: Disruption of the neuropeptide signaling pathways in the brain.
Impact of ketamine on the behavior and immune system of adult medaka (Oryzias latipes) at environmentally relevant concentrations and eco-risk assessment in surface water.
Aberrant DNA and histone methylation during zygotic genome activation in goat cloned embryos.
Identification of key genes associated with spermatogenesis arrest in fox hybrids using weighted gene co-expression network analysis.
Study on the population evolution of Ascaris lumbricoides and Ascaris suum based on whole genome resequencing.
Incontinentia pigmenti: Generation of an IKBKG deficient human iPSC line (KICRi002-A-1) on a 46,XY background using CRISPR/Cas9.
miR-99a in bone homeostasis: Regulating osteogenic lineage commitment and osteoclast differentiation.
Circulation of Orf viruses containing the NZ7-like vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF-E) gene type in India.
Immuno-moodulin: a new anxiogenic factor produced by Annexin-A1 transgenic autoimmune-prone T cells.
Coordinated Transcriptional Regulation by the UV-B Photoreceptor and Multiple Transcription Factors for Plant UV-B Responses.
A Highly Efficient Method for Single-Cell Electroporation in Mouse Organotypic Hippocampal Slice Culture.
Therapeutic potential of blood flow mimetic compounds in preventing endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis.
Brain microRNAs dysregulation: implication for missplicing and abnormal post-translational modifications of tau protein in Alzheimer \' s disease and related tauopathies.
Chemical hypoxia induces pro-inflammatory signals in fat-laden hepatocytes and contributes to cellular crosstalk with Kupffer cells through extracellular vesicles.
ALS skin fibroblasts reveal oxidative stress and ERK1/2-mediated cytoplasmic localization of TDP-43.
Copy number variation of CADM2 gene revealed its association with growth traits across Chinese Capra hircus (goat) populations.
Evidence of virus-responsive pathways in response to poly I: C challenge in a muscle cell line derived from large yellow croaker.
The vitamin B6-dependent enzymes PYGL and G6PD fuel NADPH oxidases to promote skin inflammation.
Gene expressing human artificial chromosome vectors: Advantages and challenges for gene therapy.
The role of lamin B receptor in the regulation of senescence-associated secretory phenotype (SASP).
Silencing Br-C impairs larval development and chitin synthesis in Lymantria dispar larvae.
HossainMolecular epidemiological survey of cutaneous leishmaniasis from Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.
Silk fibroin/sericin 3D sponges: The effect of sericin on structural and biological properties of fibroin.
Evaluation of the Effect of Chronic 94 GHz Exposure on Gene Expression in the Skin of Hairless Rats In Vivo.
Homoacetogenesis and microbial community composition are shaped by pH and total sulfide concentration.
Characterization of human respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) isolated from HIV-exposed-uninfected and HIV-unexposed infants in South Africa during 2015-2017.
Macrophage-derived MMP-9 enhances the progression of atherosclerotic lesions and vascular calcification in transgenic rabbits.
AG-exclusion zones revisited: lessons to learn from 91 intronic NF1 3 \'  splice site mutations outside the canonical AG-dinucleotides.
Type II Alexander disease caused by splicing errors and aberrant overexpression of an uncharacterized GFAP isoform.
Down-regulation of microRNA-34c-5p alleviates neuropathic pain via the SIRT1/STAT3 signaling pathway in rat models of chronic constriction injury of sciatic nerve.
Integrative analysis of the genomic and transcriptomic landscape of double-refractory multiple myeloma.
Molecular pathogenesis of progression to myeloid leukemia from TET-insufficient status.
Comparative proteomics analysis of Tibetan hull-less barley under osmotic stress via data-independent acquisition mass spectrometry.
CRISPR-mediated accelerated domestication of African rice landraces.
Heart failure after pressure overload in autosomal-dominant desminopathies: Lessons from heterozygous DES-p.R349P knock-in mice.
Genomic epidemiological characteristics of dengue fever in Guangdong province, China from 2013 to 2017.
Distinct gene expression patterns in vector-residing Leishmania infantum identify parasite stage-enriched markers.
Hexaploid sweetpotato (Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam.) may not be a true type to either auto- or allopolyploid.
Discovery and validation of the prognostic value of the lncRNAs encoding snoRNAs in patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
GAA compound heterozygous mutations associated with autophagic impairment cause cerebral infarction in Pompe disease.
Mitochondrial manganese superoxide dismutase from the shrimp Litopenaeus vannamei: Molecular characterization and effect of high temperature, hypoxia and reoxygenation on expression and enzyme activity.
Comparative study on the responses of broiler chicken to hot and humid environment supplemented with different dietary levels and sources of selenium.
Dietary sodium butyrate ameliorated the blood stress biomarkers, heat shock proteins, and immune response of Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) exposed to heat stress.
Molecular characterization of eight ATP-dependent heat shock protein transcripts and their expression profiles in response to stresses in the spruce budworm, Choristoneura fumiferana (L.).
An in vivo and in silico analysis of novel variation in TMBIM6 gene affecting cardiopulmonary traits of Indian goats.
Genomic regions and pathways associated with thermotolerance in layer-type strain Taiwan indigenous chickens.
Temperature-independent genome-wide DNA methylation profile in turbot post-embryonic development.
Evaluation of Germline Genetic Testing Criteria in a Hospital-Based Series of Women With Breast Cancer.
Assessing the implications of positive genomic screening results.
Positive association of SCD1 genetic variation and metabolic syndrome in dialysis patients in China.
Silence superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1): a promising therapeutic target for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
Promising RNA-based cancer gene therapy using extracellular vesicles for drug delivery.
Quality Management Practices of Gene Banks for Livestock: A Global Review.
Source and Follicular Fluid Treatment During the In Vitro Maturation of Recipient Oocytes Affects the Development of Cloned Pig Embryo.
The effect of Gender and ABCB1 Gene Polymorphism on the Pharmacokinetics of Azithromycin in Healthy Male and Female Pakistani Subjects.
Inhibition of DNA Methyltransferase by RG108 Promotes Pluripotency-Related Character of Porcine Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
The effects of estradiol are modulated in a tissue-specific manner in mice with inducible inactivation of ERalpha after sexual maturation.
Compression of vectors for small interfering RNAs delivery: toward oral administration of siRNA lipoplexes in tablet form.
Comprehensive transcriptomic of lncRNAs reveal that the role of lncAD in chicken intramuscular and abdominal adipogenesis.
An Escherichia coli Chassis for Production of Electrically Conductive Protein Nanowires.
Nanocarriers for the Delivery of Medical, Veterinary, and Agricultural Active Ingredients.
The expression landscape of cachexia-inducing factors in human cancers.
Nonsense suppression induced readthrough of a novel PAX6 mutation in patient-derived cells of congenital aniridia.
A large deletion, spanning exons 1 to 25 of F8 gene, and a high-titer factor VIII inhibitor, in severe hemophilia A.
PNPLA3 I148M gene variant and Chronic Kidney Disease in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With NAFLD: Clinical and Experimental Findings.
Intracellular ATP levels influence cell fates in Dictyostelium discoideum differentiation.
An Update on the Microbiology, Immunology and Genetics of Seborrheic Dermatitis.
MicroRNA-124-3p.1 promotes cell proliferation through Axin1-dependent Wnt signaling pathway and predicts a poor prognosis of triple-negative breast cancer.
STOP floxing around: Specificity and leakiness of inducible Cre/loxP systems.
Applying single-cell technologies to clinical pathology: progress in nephropathology.
Effects of photobiomodulation with low-level laser therapy on muscle repair following a peripheral nerve injury in Wistar rats.
Intervertebral disc and endplate cell characterisation highlights annulus fibrosus cells as the most promising for tissue-specific disc degeneration therapy.
Contribution of Histone Deacetylases in Prognosis and Therapeutic Management of Cholangiocarcinoma.
Fucosidosis with Pathogenic Variant in FUCA1 Gene.
Hyperphosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis caused by a novel variant in the GALNT3 gene.
Mutations in GAA Gene in Tunisian Families with Infantile Onset Pompe Disease: Novel Mutation and Structural Modeling Investigations.
The Ethics of Gene Editing from an Islamic Perspective: A Focus on the Recent Gene Editing of the Chinese Twins.
Public health aspects of Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) strains in sheep and goats of Bakhtiari pastoral tribe, Iran.
Morphology and Molecular Characterization of Parabronema smithii (Cobbold, 1882) (Nematoda: Habronematidae) from Wild Asian Elephant (Elephas maximus maximus) of Sri Lanka.
Integrated bioinformatics analyses identified SCL3-induced regulatory network in Arabidopsis thaliana roots.
Polysome-associated lncRNAs during cardiomyogenesis of hESCs.
Current perspectives of oleic acid: Regulation of molecular pathways in mitochondrial and endothelial functioning against insulin resistance and diabetes.
Correlation of GSTP1 gene variants of male Iraqi waterpipe (Hookah) tobacco smokers and the risk of lung cancer.
Enhancement of sialylation in rIgG in glyco-engineered Chinese hamster ovary cells.
Characteristic of slow growth in cell culture of adenovirus type 54 causing nationwide outbreak epidemic keratoconjunctivitis in Japan.
Genomic ancestry as a risk factor for diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 1 diabetes from an admixed population: a nested case-control study in Brazil.
Identification of potential key mRNAs and LncRNAs for psoriasis by bioinformatic analysis using weighted gene co-expression network analysis.
Genetic diversity of Fasciola hepatica in Austria.
Genipin inhibits the scleral expression of miR-29 and MMP2 and promotes COL1A1 expression in myopic eyes of guinea pigs.
Strategies for enhancing gene expression in Escherichia coli.
Dimethylaminododecyl methacrylate inhibits Candida albicans and oropharyngeal candidiasis in a pH-dependent manner.
Biocatalytic strategies for the production of ginsenosides using glycosidase: current state and perspectives.
Seonamhaeicola sediminis sp. nov., isolated from marine sediment.
Antioxidative and Radioprotective Properties of Glycosylated Flavonoid, Xanthorhamnin from Radio-Resistant Bacterium Bacillus indicus Strain TMC-6.
Origin and evolution of polycyclic triterpene synthesis.
Ancient co-retention of paralogs of Cid centromeric histones and Cal1 chaperones in mosquito species.
Sponsorship and Funding for Gene Therapy Trials in the United States.
FDA Policies Address Development of Gene Therapies.
Prolonged carriage of (livestock-associated) MRSA in individuals without professional livestock contact.
Evolution and diversity of the wild rice Oryza officinalis complex, across continents genome types, and ploidy levels.
Evolutionary Analysis of the Zinc Finger and Homeoboxes Family of Proteins Identifies Multiple Conserved Domains and a Common Early Chordate Ancestor.
Gene replacement ameliorates deficits in mouse and human models of cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 disorder.
Selenium deficiency exacerbates LPS-induced necroptosis by regulating miR-16-5p targeting PI3K in chicken tracheal tissue.
MicroRNA-146a regulates immune-related adverse events caused by immune checkpoint inhibitors.
DNA hyper-methylation during Tuberculosis dampens host immune responsiveness.
ESHRD: deconvolution of brain homogenate RNA expression data to identify cell-type-specific alterations in Alzheimer \' s disease.
The need to unravel the twisted nature of the Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato complex across Europe.
Low lineage diversity and increased virulence of group C Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp. equisimilis.
Microbulbifer harenosus sp. nov., an alginate-degrading bacterium isolated from coastal sand.
Proposal to reclassify Streptobacillus hongkongensis into a novel genus as Pseudostreptobacillus hongkongensis gen. nov., comb. nov.
Lifestyle intervention in individuals with impaired glucose regulation affects Caveolin-1 expression and DNA methylation.
Immune induction identified by TMT proteomics analysis in Fusobacterium nucleatum Autoinducer-2 treated macrophages.
In Vitro Surface Testing Methods for Dental Implants-Interpretation and Clinical Relevance: A Review.
Prehospital emergency services in Catalonia: the SEPHCAT analysis.
Extract of Plumbago zeylanica enhances the growth of hair follicle dermal papilla cells with down-regulation of 5alpha-reductase type II.
Whole-genome sequencing reveals complex chromosome rearrangement disrupting NIPBL in infant with Cornelia de Lange syndrome.
A caffeic acid phenethyl ester analog inhibits the proliferation of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells via targeting epidermal growth factor receptor.
Entropy as a Gene-Like Performance Indicator Promoting Thermoelectric Materials.
Up-regulation of SNHG16 induced by CTCF accelerates cardiac hypertrophy by targeting miR-182-5p/IGF1 axis.
Expression of genes involved in apoptosis is dysregulated in mucopolysaccharidoses as revealed by pilot transcriptomic analyses.
Coordinated demethylation of H3K9 and H3K27 is required for rapid inflammatory responses of endothelial cells.
FAM213A is linked to prognostic significance in acute myeloid leukemia through regulation of oxidative stress and myelopoiesis.
Identification of a novel repressor encoded by the putative gene ctf1 for cellulase biosynthesis in Trichoderma reesei through artificial zinc finger engineering.
Exendin-4 inhibits lipotoxicity-induced oxidative stress in beta-cells by inhibiting the activation of TLR4/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
MicroRNA-449a regulates the progression of brain aging by targeting SCN2B in SAMP8 mice.
Unraveling the genetic causes in large pedigrees with gout by whole-exome sequencing.
Overexpression of IFIT2 inhibits the proliferation of chronic myeloid leukemia cells by regulating the BCR-ABL/AKT/mTOR pathway.
FOXO3a-SIRT6 axis suppresses aerobic glycolysis in melanoma.
Long non-coding RNA profile revealed by microarray indicates that lncCUEDC1 serves a negative regulatory role in breast cancer stem cells.
Rab22a is a novel prognostic marker for cell progression in breast cancer.
Aberrant expression of the UPF1 RNA surveillance gene disturbs keratinocyte homeostasis by stabilizing AREG.
HDAC inhibitor sodium butyrate prevents allergic rhinitis and alters lncRNA and mRNA expression profiles in the nasal mucosa of mice.
CYP4A11 is involved in the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease via ROS-induced lipid peroxidation and inflammation.
The effect of different concentrations of gold nanoparticles on growth performance, toxicopathological and immunological parameters of broiler chickens.
SNPs  in folate pathway are associated with the risk of nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate, a meta-analysis.
Applications and advances of CRISPR/Cas9 in animal cancer model.
The estrogen-responsive transcriptome of female secondary sexual traits in the Gulf pipefish.
Upregulation of TRPC6 mediated by PAX6 hypomethylation is involved in the mechanical allodyina induced by chemotherapeutics in dorsal root ganglion.
Functional analysis of the agnH gene involved in nicotine-degradation pathways in Agrobacterium tumefaciens strain SCUEC1.
Investigation of the roles of AgrA and sigmaB regulators in Listeria monocytogenes adaptation to roots and soil.
Regression on imperfect class labels derived by unsupervised clustering.
Bioethical problems arising in the study of single-nucleotide gene polymorphisms of occupational diseases.
Genetic polymorphism in patients with early and late onset of ulcerative colitis.
Regulation of microrna expression level by choleretic therapy in functional disorders of the gallbladder and oddi \' s sphincter in children.
SNPs and transcriptional activity of genes of innate and adaptive immunity at the maternal-fetal interface in woman with preterm labour, associated with preterm premature rupture of membranes.
Association analysis between HOTAIR RS1899663 single nucleotide polymorphism and clear cell renal cell carcinoma development in Ukrainian population.
An assessment of genome annotation coverage across the bacterial tree of life.
dl-Methionine supplementation in a low-fishmeal diet affects the TOR/S6K pathway by stimulating ASCT2 amino acid transporter and insulin-like growth factor-I in the dorsal muscle of juvenile cobia (Rachycentron canadum).
Functional differences between l- and d-carnitine in metabolic regulation evaluated using a low-carnitine Nile tilapia model.
Decoding novel mechanisms and emerging therapeutic strategies in breast cancer resistance.
Clinical application of thiopurine pharmacogenomics in pediatrics.
Characterization of VopJ by modelling, docking and molecular dynamics simulation with reference to its role in infection of enteropathogen Vibrio parahaemolyticus.
The effects of epigenetic modification on the occurrence and progression of liver diseases and the involved mechanism.
Evolution of approaches to identify melanoma missing heritability.
Long-term liver cancer incidence and mortality trends in the Changning District of Shanghai, China.
KBG syndrome: Common and uncommon clinical features based on 31 new patients.
CDK9 is dispensable for YAP-driven hepatoblastoma development.
Low-GGT intrahepatic cholestasis associated with biallelic USP53 variants: clinical, histological, and ultrastructural characterization.
Aberrant splicing as potential modifier of the phenotype of junctional epidermolysis bullosa.
Fluconazole-resistant Candida parapsilosis strains with a Y132F substitution in the ERG11 gene causing invasive infections in a neonatal unit, South Africa.
Conventional detection and quantification real-time PCR of the pks-1 gene of Chaetomium globosum.
Sperm methylome alterations following yoga-based lifestyle intervention in patients of primary male infertility: A pilot study.
Botrytis cinerea induces local hypoxia in Arabidopsis leaves.
Novel variant p.(Ala102Thr) in SDHB causes mitochondrial complex II deficiency: Case report and review of the literature.
Identification of relapse-associated gene mutations by next-generation sequencing in low-risk acute myeloid leukaemia patients.
Maternal Folic Acid Supplementation Mediates Offspring Health via DNA Methylation.
mRNA level of ROCK1, RHOA, and LIMK2 as genes associated with apoptosis in evaluation of effectiveness of adalimumab treatment.
Acute cocaine treatment enhances the antagonistic allosteric adenosine A2A-dopamine D2 receptor-receptor interactions in rat dorsal striatum without increasing significantly extracellular dopamine levels.
Pretreatment Tumor DNA Sequencing of KIT and PDGFRA in Endosonography-Guided Biopsies Optimizes the Preoperative Management of Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors.
Cap Analysis of Gene Expression (CAGE): A Quantitative and Genome-Wide Assay of Transcription Start Sites.
Cell-Type Enrichment Analysis of Bulk Transcriptomes Using xCell.
Computational Deconvolution of Tumor-Infiltrating Immune Components with Bulk Tumor Gene Expression Data.
EPIC: A Tool to Estimate the Proportions of Different Cell Types from Bulk Gene Expression Data.
In Silico Cell-Type Deconvolution Methods in Cancer Immunotherapy.
In Silico Prediction of Tumor Neoantigens with TIminer.
HLApers: HLA Typing and Quantification of Expression with Personalized Index.
Rapid High-Resolution Typing of Class I HLA Genes by Nanopore Sequencing.
The interaction between cannabis use and a CB1-related polygenic co-expression index modulates dorsolateral prefrontal activity during working memory processing.
Correlation Between SIRT2 3 \' UTR Gene Polymorphism and the Susceptibility to Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Conservative Evolution of Hepatitis B Virus Precore and Core Gene During Immune Tolerant Phase in Intrafamilial Transmission.
The Effect of Lactobacillus casei Consumption in Improvement of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: an Animal Study.
Immunohistochemical Profile and 47-Gene Next-Generation Sequencing (NGS) Solid Tumor Panel Analysis of a Series of 13 Strumal Carcinoids.
DeepSurvNet: deep survival convolutional network for brain cancer survival rate classification based on histopathological images.
Molecular Characterization of Giardia intestinalis Detected in Humans and Water Samples in Egypt.
Live births following preimplantation genetic testing for dynamic mutation diseases by karyomapping: a report of three cases.
Patients with severe asthenoteratospermia carrying SPAG6 or RSPH3 mutations have a positive pregnancy outcome following intracytoplasmic sperm injection.
Infectious mononucleosis, immune genotypes, and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL): an InterLymph Consortium study.
Molecular characterization and diagnostic investigations of rabies encephalitis in camels (Camelus dromedaries) in Oman: a retrospective study.
A seven-gene-deleted African swine fever virus is safe and effective as a live attenuated vaccine in pigs.
Antagonistic regulation of axillary bud outgrowth by the BRANCHED genes in tobacco.
Fertilization in flowering plants: an odyssey of sperm cell delivery.
Comprehensive review of ASC structure and function in immune homeostasis and disease.
The effect of ellagic acid on caspase-3/bcl-2/Nrf-2/NF-kB/TNF-alpha /COX-2 gene expression product apoptosis pathway: a new approach for muscle damage therapy.
Inheritance and expression of Bt cry1Ba3 gene in progeny from transformed cabbage plants.
The identification of key candidate genes mediating yellow seedling lethality in a Lilium regale mutant.
Propagation of goat putative spermatogonial stem cells under growth factors defined serum-free culture conditions.
PERK-eIF2alpha-ATF4 signaling contributes to osteogenic differentiation of periodontal ligament stem cells.
Functional characterization of NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase and cinnamic acid 4-hydroxylase encoding genes from Scoparia dulcis L.
Anti-HER2 antibody therapy using gene-transduced adipocytes for HER2-positive breast cancer.
Silencing of p53 reduces cell migration in human Tenon \' s fibroblasts induced by TGF-beta.
Carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae in patients with bacteraemia at tertiary hospitals in South Africa, 2015 to 2018.
Cytotoxicity and cell death induced by engineered nanostructures (quantum dots and nanoparticles) in human cell lines.
Effects of feed restriction on growth performance, lipid mobilization, and gene expression in rose spotted snapper (Lutjanus guttatus).
Identification of genes from the general phenylpropanoid and monolignol-specific metabolism in two sugarcane lignin-contrasting genotypes.
Mutation in histone deacetylase clr6 promotes the survival of S. pombe cds1 null mutant in response to hydroxyurea.
Candidate lncRNA-microRNA-mRNA networks in predicting non-small cell lung cancer and related prognosis analysis.
Editorial.
Accurate and live peroxisome biogenesis evaluation achieved by lentiviral expression of a green fluorescent protein fused to a peroxisome targeting signal 1.
Overexpression of wheat alpha-mannosidase gene TaMP impairs salt tolerance in transgenic Brachypodium distachyon.
Gene expression during development and overexpression after Cercospora kikuchii and salicylic acid challenging indicate defensive roles of the soybean toxin.
Aliifodinibius salipaludis sp. nov., Isolated from Saline-Alkaline Soil.
Nitratireductor mangrovi sp. nov., a Nitrate-Reducing Bacterium Isolated from Mangrove Soil.
Current understanding of and emerging treatment options for spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress type 1 (SMARD1).
Genetic variations in Hippo pathway genes influence bladder cancer risk in a Chinese population.
Combinations of LXR and RXR agonists induce triglyceride accumulation in human HepaRG cells in a synergistic manner.
Genome-wide association mapping reveals loci for shelf life and developmental rate of lettuce.
Fine mapping of leaf rust resistance gene Rph13 from wild barley.
The molecular landscape of osteogenesis imperfecta in a Brazilian tertiary service cohort.
Genome-wide association study of genetic variations associated with treatment failure after intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin therapy for non-muscle invasive bladder cancer.
Atm deficiency in the DNA polymerase beta null cerebellum results in cerebellar ataxia and Itpr1 reduction associated with alteration of cytosine methylation.
TimeMeter assesses temporal gene expression similarity and identifies differentially progressing genes.
Detection of Rickettsia asembonensis in Fleas (Siphonaptera: Pulicidae, Ceratophyllidae) Collected in Five Counties in Georgia, United States.
Long lasting effects of antibiotics on bacterial communities of adult flies.
Manipulation of the tumor microenvironment by cytokine gene transfection enhances dendritic cell-based immunotherapy.
Zeolites ameliorate asbestos toxicity in a transgenic model of malignant mesothelioma.
Expression of mutant CHMP2B linked to neurodegeneration in humans disrupts circadian rhythms in Drosophila.
The Kinesin-3 motor, KLP-4, mediates axonal organization and cholinergic signaling in Caenorhabditis elegans.
MicroRNA as novel biomarkers and therapeutic targets in diabetic kidney disease: An update.
A novel mutation alters the stability of PapA2 resulting in the complete abrogation of sulfolipids in clinical mycobacterial strains.
Glutathione increase by the n-butanoyl glutathione derivative (GSH-C4) inhibits viral replication and induces a predominant Th1 immune profile in old mice infected with influenza virus.
Dengue NS5 modulates expression of miR-590 to regulate ubiquitin-specific peptidase 42 in human microglia.
AJP001, a novel helper T-cell epitope, induces a humoral immune response with activation of innate immunity when included in a peptide vaccine.
Reduced chain length in myelin sphingolipids and poorer motor coordination in mice deficient in the fatty acid elongase Elovl1.
Bicaudal D1 impairs autophagosome maturation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Isolation of Chryseobacterium siluri sp. nov., from liver of diseased catfish (Silurus asotus).
A pilot study on the relation between irisin single-nucleotide polymorphism and risk of myocardial infarction.
Characterization of Autoinducer-3 Structure and Biosynthesis in E. coli.
Virus-like Nonvirus Cationic Liposome for Efficient Gene Delivery via Endoplasmic Reticulum Pathway.
Differential Expression Profile of miR-27b, miR-29a, and miR-155 in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia and Breast Cancer Patients.
A Triple-Regulated Oncolytic Adenovirus Carrying MicroRNA-143 Exhibits Potent Antitumor Efficacy in Colorectal Cancer.
Validation and implementation of a modular targeted capture assay for the detection of clinically significant molecular oncology alterations.
Microarray data and pathway analyses of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy subjects after a three weeks grape-rich diet.
A de novo reference transcriptome for Bolitoglossa vallecula, an Andean mountain salamander in Colombia.
Conversion of mesenchymal stem cells into a canine hepatocyte-like cells by Foxa1 and Hnf4a.
Introduction of a green algal squalene synthase enhances squalene accumulation in a strain of Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
Association of Apple necrotic mosaic virus (ApNMV) with mosaic disease in commercially grown cultivars of apple (Malus domestica Borkh) in India.
Development and validation of breeder-friendly gene-based markers for lpa1-1 and lpa2-1 genes conferring low phytic acid in maize kernel.
Molecular characterization of two recombinant isolates of telosma mosaic virus infecting Passiflora edulis from Fujian Province in China.
Inhibition of IkappaBalpha phosphorylation potentiates regulated cell death induced by azidothymidine in HTLV-1 infected cells.
Novel determination of spa gene diversity and its molecular typing among Staphylococcus aureus Iraqi isolates obtained from different clinical samples.
Ubiquitous neurocognitive dysfunction in familial adenomatous polyposis: proof-of-concept of the role of APC protein in neurocognitive function.
In silico evolution of Aspergillus niger organic acid production suggests strategies for switching acid output.
Hypoxia is regulating enzymatic wood decomposition and intracellular carbohydrate metabolism in filamentous white rot fungus.
Comparative proteomic analysis of the brain and colon in three rat models of irritable bowel syndrome.
MicroRNA-4316 inhibits gastric cancer proliferation and migration via directly targeting VEGF-A.
Flocculation and Expression of FLO Genes of a Saccharomyces cerevisiae Mezcal Strain with High Stress Tolerance.
A new genus of the tribe Sarimini (Fulgoromorpha, Issidae) from the Guangxi Province of China.
Evaluation of recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor VEGF121-loaded poly-l-lactide microparticles as a controlled release delivery system.
Doxorubicin inhibits miR-140 expression and upregulates PD-L1 expression in HCT116 cells, opposite to its effects on MDA-MB-231 cells.
Genetic alterations in B cell lymphoma subtypes as potential biomarkers for noninvasive diagnosis, prognosis, therapy, and disease monitoring.
Association of the IL-6 -174G &gt; C (rs1800795) Polymorphism with Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis: Evidence from a Case-Control Study and Meta-Analysis.
Association of ESRalpha XbaI A &gt; G, ESRalpha PvuII T &gt; C and ESRbeta AlwNI T &gt; C Polymorphisms with the Risk of Developing Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis: A Systematic Review and Genetic Meta-analysis.
One gene to rule them all in a chronic brain infection.
Inflammasome-mediated antagonism of type I interferon enhances Rickettsia pathogenesis.
Inferring the population history of Tai-Kadai-speaking people and southernmost Han Chinese on Hainan Island by genome-wide array genotyping.
Nr2e3 is a genetic modifier that rescues retinal degeneration and promotes homeostasis in multiple models of retinitis pigmentosa.
Hybridization and introgression drive genome evolution of Dutch elm disease pathogens.
Dissimilation of synonymous codon usage bias in virus-host coevolution due to translational selection.
Transcription factors in ferroptotic cell death.
Gastric cancer: genome damaged by bugs.
Targeting metabolic activity in high-risk neuroblastoma through Monocarboxylate Transporter 1 (MCT1) inhibition.
The novel lncRNA BlackMamba controls the neoplastic phenotype of ALK- anaplastic large cell lymphoma by regulating the DNA helicase HELLS.
Primary mammary angiosarcomas harbor frequent mutations in KDR and PIK3CA and show evidence of distinct pathogenesis.
Melanomas with activating RAF1 fusions: clinical, histopathologic, and molecular profiles.
PROM2 promotes gemcitabine chemoresistance via activating the Akt signaling pathway in pancreatic cancer.
Auxin perception in Agave is dependent on the species \'  Auxin Response Factors.
Neotropical termite microbiomes as sources of novel plant cell wall degrading enzymes.
Androgen Receptor and Poly(ADP-ribose) Glycohydrolase Inhibition Increases Efficiency of Androgen Ablation in Prostate Cancer Cells.
Enzymatic decontamination of paraoxon-ethyl limits long-term effects in planarians.
TREM-1 activation is a potential key regulator in driving severe pathogenesis of enterovirus A71 infection.
The LRRK2 N-terminal domain influences vesicle trafficking: impact of the E193K variant.
Basic Hallmarks of Urothelial Cancer Unleashed in Primary Uroepithelium by Interference with the Epigenetic Master Regulator ODC1.
Genome sequencing of human in vitro fertilisation embryos for pathogenic variation screening.
Dietary prebiotics alter novel microbial dependent fecal metabolites that improve sleep.
Local oral and nasal microbiome diversity in age-related macular degeneration.
The unique expression profile of FAM19A1 in the mouse brain and its association with hyperactivity, long-term memory and fear acquisition.
Genome-scale exploration of transcriptional regulation in the nisin Z producer Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis IO-1.
Transient genome-wide interactions of the master transcription factor NLP7 initiate a rapid nitrogen-response cascade.
Post-translational protein modifications in schizophrenia.
Screening and function discussion of a hereditary renal tubular acidosis family pathogenic gene.
Clarithromycin inhibits autophagy in colorectal cancer by regulating the hERG1 potassium channel interaction with PI3K.
Chlorzoxazone, a small molecule drug, augments immunosuppressive capacity of mesenchymal stem cells via modulation of FOXO3 phosphorylation.
Mutations in the coat complex II component SEC23B promote colorectal cancer metastasis.
Nf1 deletion results in depletion of the Lhx6 transcription factor and a specific loss of parvalbumin+ cortical interneurons.
Caenorhabditis elegans ADAR editing and the ERI-6/7/MOV10 RNAi pathway silence endogenous viral elements and LTR retrotransposons.
Cas9 interrogates DNA in discrete steps modulated by mismatches and supercoiling.
SOX4-mediated repression of specific tRNAs inhibits proliferation of human glioblastoma cells.
CUL3BPM E3 ubiquitin ligases regulate MYC2, MYC3, and MYC4 stability and JA responses.
Triacylglycerol and phytyl ester synthesis in Synechocystis sp. PCC6803.
Sonoselective transfection of cerebral vasculature without blood-brain barrier disruption.
Abrogation of esophageal carcinoma development in miR-31 knockout rats.
A hepatocyte differentiation model reveals two subtypes of liver cancer with different oncofetal properties and therapeutic targets.
Sensory cilia as the Achilles heel of nematodes when attacked by carnivorous mushrooms.
Signaling mechanisms of growth hormone-releasing hormone receptor in LPS-induced acute ocular inflammation.
Inflammatory profiles relate to survival in subtypes of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
A synthetic approach allows rapid characterization of the maize nuclear auxin response circuit.
DRT111/SFPS splicing factor controls ABA sensitivity during seed development and germination.
The M-protein of Streptococcus pyogenes strain AP53 retains cell surface functional plasminogen binding after inactivation of the sortase A gene.
Post-transcriptional regulation of tnaA by protein-RNA interaction mediated by ribosomal protein L4 in Escherichia coli.
The anti-activator of type III secretion, OspD1, is transcriptionally regulated by VirB and H-NS from remote sequences in Shigella flexneri.
Transitioning from Basic toward Systems Pharmacodynamic Models: Lessons from Corticosteroids.
Human Hepatocyte Nuclear Factor 4-alpha encodes isoforms with distinct transcriptional functions.
Determining the bioenergetic capacity for fatty acid oxidation in the mammalian nervous system.
NRF3-POMP-20S proteasome assembly axis promotes cancer development via ubiquitin-independent proteolysis of p53 and Rb.
GITR agonism triggers antitumor immune responses through IL21-expressing follicular helper T cells.
Single-cyst transcriptome analysis of Drosophila male germline stem cell lineage.
Planarian cell number depends on Blitzschnell, a novel gene family that balances cell proliferation and cell death.
Physical interactions between Gsx2 and Ascl1 balance progenitor expansion versus neurogenesis in the mouse lateral ganglionic eminence.
Corrigendum: Control of noncoding RNA production and histone levels by a 5 \'  tRNA fragment.
Pioneering meiotic recombination.
Sexual Selection Does Not Increase the Rate of Compensatory Adaptation to a Mutation Influencing a Secondary Sexual Trait in Drosophila melanogaster.
Accurate Genomic Predictions for Chronic Wasting Disease in U.S. White-Tailed Deer.
Cas9-Mediated Gene-Editing in the Malaria Mosquito Anopheles stephensi by ReMOT Control.
TCF21 promotes luminal-like differentiation and suppresses metastasis in bladder cancer.
Loss of Piccolo function in rats induces cerebellar network dysfunction and Pontocerebellar Hypoplasia type 3-like phenotypes.
The differential response of the chicken trachea to chronic infection with virulent Mycoplasma gallisepticum strain Ap3AS and Vaxsafe MG (strain ts-304) - a transcriptional profile.
Putative beta-barrel outer membrane proteins of the bovine digital dermatitis-associated treponemes: identification, functional characterisation and immunogenicity.
Pits and CtBP Control Tissue Growth in Drosophila melanogaster with the Hippo Pathway Transcription Repressor, Tgi.
Regulation of Nucleolar Dominance in Drosophila melanogaster.
RNA splicing alterations induce a cellular stress response associated with poor prognosis in Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Cancer antigen discovery is enabled by RNA-sequencing of highly purified malignant and non-malignant cells.
Control of tissue morphogenesis by the HOX gene Ultrabithorax.
The novel macrolide resistance genes mef(D), msr(F) and msr(H) are present on resistance islands in Macrococcus canis, Macrococcus caseolyticus and Staphylococcus aureus.
Co-occurrence of plasmid-mediated tigecycline and carbapenem resistance in Acinetobacter spp. from waterfowls and their neighboring environment.
ISEcp1-mediated transposition leading to fosfomycin and broad-spectrum cephalosporins resistance in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Distinct mechanisms of dissemination of NDM-1 metallo- beta-lactamase in Acinetobacter spp. in Argentina.
GC/MS assisted phytochemical analysis of Ajuga parviflora leaves extract along with anti-hepatotoxic effect against anti-tubercular drug induced liver toxicity in rat.
Insilico modeling and analysis of small molecules binding to the PHLPP1 protein by molecular dynamics simulation.
Yishenhuoxue formula regulates TGF-beta/Smad signal transduction to protect rats against Diabetic kidney disease injury.
Nuclear receptor E75 is a transcription suppressor of the Litopenaeus vannamei small subunit hemocyanin gene.
C1q/TNF-related protein 5 contributes to diabetic vascular endothelium dysfunction through promoting Nox-1 signaling.
Genetic testing for epithelial ovarian cancer.
A new set of reagents and related software used for NGS based classical and non-classical HLA typing showing evidence for a greater HLA haplotype diversity.
Goat DNMT3B: An indel mutation detection, association analysis with litter size and mRNA expression in gonads.
Exosomal encapsulation of miR-125a-5p inhibited trophoblast cell migration and proliferation by regulating the expression of VEGFA in preeclampsia.
Decreased immunomodulatory and secretory capability of aging human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells in vitro.
Identification of functional lncRNAs in pseudorabies virus type II infected cells.
Poly(I:C) augments inactivated influenza virus-chitosan nanovaccine induced cell mediated immune response in pigs vaccinated intranasally.
Disruption of the Burkholderia pseudomallei two-component signal transduction system BbeR-BbeS leads to increased extracellular DNA secretion and altered biofilm formation.
Genomic island type IV secretion system and transposons in genomic islands involved in antimicrobial resistance in Trueperella pyogenes.
Heterogeneity of antimicrobial susceptibility testing results for sulfamethoxazole/trimethoprim obtained from clinical equine Staphylococcus aureus isolates using different methods.
Genome analysis of enterobacteriaceae with non-wild type susceptibility to third-generation cephalosporins recovered from diseased dogs and cats in Europe.
Complement C3aR/C5aR-binding protein Suilysin of Streptococcus suis contributes to monocyte chemotaxis.
Yersinia enterocolitica-specific modulation of innate immune responses in jejunal epithelial cells.
Mechanisms of beta-lactam resistance of Streptococcus uberis isolated from bovine mastitis cases.
Influence of pigeon interferon alpha (PiIFN-alpha) on pigeon circovirus (PiCV) replication and cytokine expression in Columba livia.
Sole recombinant Muscovy duck parvovirus infection in Muscovy ducklings can form characteristic intestinal embolism.
Marek \' s disease virus as a CRISPR/Cas9 delivery system to defend against avian leukosis virus infection in chickens.
AAV-expressed G protein induces robust humoral and cellular immune response and provides durable protection from rabies virus challenges in mice.
A novel low virulent respiratory infectious bronchitis virus originating from the recombination of QX, TW and 4/91 genotype strains in China.
Association of bovine major histocompatibility complex class I (BoLA-A) alleles with immune response to Brucella abortus strain 19 in calves.
CRISPR technology for immuno-oncology applications.
Modulation of the tumor microenvironment with an oncolytic adenovirus for effective T-cell therapy and checkpoint inhibition.
Production and use of adeno-associated virus vectors as tools for cancer immunotherapy.
Generation and validation of recombinant herpes simplex type 1 viruses (HSV-1) using CRISPR/Cas9 genetic disruption.
Recent advances in functional research in Giardia intestinalis.
Microtubule organelles in Giardia.
Transcriptomic and proteomic analyses of Giardia intestinalis: Intestinal epithelial cell interactions.
Biocompatibility analysis of Borassus flabellifer biomass-derived nanofibrillated cellulose.
SLAMF6 deficiency augments tumor killing and skews towards an effector phenotype revealing it as a novel T cell checkpoint.
Fourteen novel lipomycetaceous yeast species isolated from soil in Japan and transfer of Dipodascopsis anomala to the genus Babjevia based on ascospore production phenotype.
Bradyrhizobium ivorense sp. nov. as a potential local bioinoculant for Cajanus cajan cultures in Cote d \' Ivoire.
Hydrogeniiclostidium mannosilyticum gen. nov., sp. nov. isolated from human faeces.
Social disadvantage, linguistic distance, ethnic minority status and first-episode psychosis: results from the EU-GEI case-control study.
Current metabolic perspective on malnutrition in obesity: towards more subgroup-based nutritional approaches?
Metagenomic analysis reveals the microbiome and resistome in migratory birds.
New uracil analog U-332 is an inhibitor of NF-kappaB in 5-fluorouracil-resistant human leukemia HL-60 cell line.
Identification of a robust functional subpathway signature for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma by comprehensive and integrated analyses.
Comprehensive analysis of differential immunocyte infiltration and the potential ceRNA networks during epicardial adipose tissue development in congenital heart disease.
Integrative systems and functional analyses reveal a role of dopaminergic signaling in myelin pathogenesis.
PARP inhibitors in pancreatic cancer: molecular mechanisms and clinical applications.
Utilizing minimally purified secreted rAAV for rapid and cost-effective manipulation of gene expression in the CNS.
Identification of a rare SEPT9 variant in a family with autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
First evidence of the deletion in the pfhrp2 and pfhrp3 genes in Plasmodium falciparum from Equatorial Guinea.
The draft nuclear genome sequence and predicted mitochondrial proteome of Andalucia godoyi, a protist with the most gene-rich and bacteria-like mitochondrial genome.
Evolution of metabolic capabilities and molecular features of diplonemids, kinetoplastids, and euglenids.
Identification of differentially expressed miRNAs and mRNAs in synovial of osteoarthritis via RNA-sequencing.
Effects of simultaneous cognitive and aerobic exercise training on dual-task walking performance in healthy older adults: results from a pilot randomized controlled trial.
Effects of shade stress on turfgrasses morphophysiology and rhizosphere soil bacterial communities.
Homozygous NOTCH3 p.R587C mutation in Chinese patients with CADASIL: a case report.
Comparative functional genomics analysis of cytochrome P450 gene superfamily in wheat and maize.
Genome-wide identification of CNGC genes in Chinese jujube (Ziziphus jujuba Mill.) and ZjCNGC2 mediated signalling cascades in response to cold stress.
GenomeQC: a quality assessment tool for genome assemblies and gene structure annotations.
Millefy: visualizing cell-to-cell heterogeneity in read coverage of single-cell RNA sequencing datasets.
Fatty acid biosynthesis and transcriptional regulation of Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase 1 (SCD1) in buffalo milk.
Genetic diversity among cultivated beets (Beta vulgaris) assessed via population-based whole genome sequences.
New genome assemblies reveal patterns of domestication and adaptation across Brettanomyces (Dekkera) species.
Sirt2-associated transcriptome modifications in cisplatin-induced neuronal injury.
The structure, functional evolution, and evolutionary trajectories of the H+-PPase gene family in plants.
Genome-wide discovery, and computational and transcriptional characterization of an AIG gene family in the freshwater snail Biomphalaria glabrata, a vector for Schistosoma mansoni.
WT1 overexpression predicted good outcomes in adult B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia patients receiving chemotherapy.
Unraveling mechanisms of patient-specific NRXN1 mutations in neuropsychiatric diseases using human induced Pluripotent Stem cells.
Targeting Treatment Refractory NET by EZH2 Inhibition in Postural Tachycardia Syndrome.
A Direct Comparison of Thyroid Hormone Receptor (THR) Protein Levels in Mice Provides Unexpected Insights into TH Action.
&lt;i&gt;BRAF&lt;sup&gt;V600E&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/sup&gt; Transduction of SV40-immortalized Normal Human Thyroid Cell Line Induces Dedifferentiated Thyroid Carcinogenesis in a Mouse Xenograft Model.
Examining the Effectiveness of Genetic Counselors \'  Communication of Variant of Uncertain Significance Results of Breast Cancer Genes.
KLF8 promotes cancer stem cell-like phenotypes in osteosarcoma through miR-429-SOX2 signaling.
The SNHG16/miR-30a axis promotes breast cancer cell proliferation and invasion by regulating RRM2.
From Bound Cells Comes a Sound Mind: The Role of Neuronal Growth Regulator 1 in Psychiatric Disorders.
Random number generation by coherent detection of quantum phase noise.
Advanced Safety and Genetic Stability in Mice of a Novel DNA-Launched Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis Virus Vaccine with Rearranged Structural Genes.
A Molecular Tool for Rapid Detection and Traceability of Cyclospora cayetanensis in Fresh Berries and Berry Farm Soils.
Development of Tumor Cell-Based Vaccine with IL-12 Gene Electrotransfer as Adjuvant.
Phylogeny of the Subtribe Monoctonina (Hymenoptera, Braconidae, Aphidiinae).
A Streptomyces sp. NEAU-HV9: Isolation, Identification, and Potential as a Biocontrol Agent against Ralstonia Solanacearum of Tomato Plants.
Long Term Pharmacological Perturbation of Autophagy in Mice: Are HCQ Injections a Relevant Choice?
Influence of Postharvest Temperatures on Carotenoid Biosynthesis and Phytochemicals in Mature Green Chili (Capsicum annuum L.).
Mevastatin-Induced AP-1-Dependent HO-1 Expression Suppresses Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule-1 Expression and Monocyte Adhesion on Human Pulmonary Alveolar Epithelial Cells Challenged with TNF-alpha.
The Yin and Yang of Autosomal Recessive Primary Microcephaly Genes: Insights from Neurogenesis and Carcinogenesis.
Pathogenic PSEN1 Glu184Gly Mutation in a Family from Thailand with Probable Autosomal Dominant Early Onset Alzheimer \' s Disease.
The First Plastid Genome of the Holoparasitic Genus Prosopanche (Hydnoraceae).
Horizontal Gene Transfer and Endophytes: An Implication for the Acquisition of Novel Traits.
Macrophage HIV-1 Gene Expression and Delay Resolution of Inflammation in HIV-Tg Mice.
Photo-Functionalized Magnetic Nanoparticles as a Nanocarrier of Photodynamic Anticancer Agent for Biomedical Theragnostics.
Genotypic Variation in Resistance Gene-Mediated Calcium Signaling and Hormonal Signaling Involved in Effector-Triggered Immunity or Disease Susceptibility in the Xanthomonas campestris pv. Campestris-Brassica napus Pathosystem.
Diversity of Clinically Relevant Outcomes Resulting from Hypofractionated Radiation in Human Glioma Stem Cells Mirrors Distinct Patterns of Transcriptomic Changes.
Mapping of the New Fertility Restorer Gene Rf-PET2 Close to Rf1 on Linkage Group 13 in Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.).
The Histone Marks Signature in Exonic and Intronic Regions Is Relevant in Early Response of Tomato Genes to Botrytis cinerea and in miRNA Regulation.
Molecular Evolution and Diversification of Proteins Involved in miRNA Maturation Pathway.
Signaling Pathways and Key Genes Involved in Regulation of foam Cell Formation in Atherosclerosis.
Tropomyosin: An Excretory/Secretory Protein from Haemonchus contortus Mediates the Immuno-Suppressive Potential of Goat Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells In Vitro.
Complete Chloroplast Genomes of Chlorophytum comosum and Chlorophytum gallabatense: Genome Structures, Comparative and Phylogenetic Analysis.
Brugada Syndrome: Oligogenic or Mendelian Disease?
Chondrogenic Differentiation from Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells Using Non-Viral Minicircle Vectors.
Electronegative LDL Promotes Inflammation and Triglyceride Accumulation in Macrophages.
A Novel Digestive Proteinase Lipase Member H-A in Bombyx mori Contributes to Digestive Juice Antiviral Activity Against B. mori Nucleopolyhedrovirus.
Crosstalk among Indoleamines, Neuropeptides and JH/20E in Regulation of Reproduction in the American Cockroach, Periplaneta americana.
Transcriptomics and Proteomics Reveal the Cellulose and Pectin Metabolic Processes in the Tension Wood (Non-G-Layer) of Catalpa bungei.
Clinical Presentation and Serologic Response during a Rabies Epizootic in Captive Common Vampire Bats (Desmodus rotundus).
Rhizophagus irregularis and Rhizoctonia solani Differentially Elicit Systemic Transcriptional Expression of Polyphenol Biosynthetic Pathways Genes in Sunflower.
Job Opening for Nucleosome Mechanic: Flexibility Required.
Structural and Functional Characterization of New SsoPox Variant Points to the Dimer Interface as a Driver for the Increase in Promiscuous Paraoxonase Activity.
Shared Molecular Genetic Mechanisms Underlie Endometriosis and Migraine Comorbidity.
Study of Inheritance and Linkage of Virulence Genes in a Selfing Population of a Pakistani Dominant Race of Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici.
Use of a Pleurotus ostreatus Complex Cell Wall Extract as Elicitor of Plant Defenses: From Greenhouse to Field Trial.
Isoprene Oxidation by the Gram-Negative Model bacterium Variovorax sp. WS11.
Genome-Wide Identification of Metal Tolerance Protein Genes in Populus trichocarpa and Their Roles in Response to Various Heavy Metal Stresses.
Combined Effect of Light and Nutrients on the Micromorphology of the White rot Fungus Cerrena Unicolor.
Inhibition of Human Cytomegalovirus Entry into Host Cells Through a Pleiotropic Small Molecule.
Genetic Identification and Transcriptome Analysis of Lintless and Fuzzless Traits in Gossypium arboreum L.
Effect of Glutamine on Antioxidant Capacity and Lipid Peroxidation in the Breast Muscle of Heat-stressed Broilers via Antioxidant Genes and HSP70 Pathway.
Aflatoxins: Occurrence, Exposure, and Binding to Lactobacillus Species from the Gut Microbiota of Rural Ugandan Children.
A Survey of Antimicrobial Resistance Determinants in Category A Select Agents, Exempt Strains, and Near-Neighbor Species.
Identification and Profiling of Pituitary microRNAs of Sheep during Anestrus and Estrus Stages.
Mineral-Doped Poly(L-lactide) Acid Scaffolds Enriched with Exosomes Improve Osteogenic Commitment of Human Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
A Comprehensive Transcriptomics Analysis Reveals Long Non-Coding RNA to be Involved in the Key Metabolic Pathway in Response to Waterlogging Stress in Maize.
Transporters and Efflux Pumps Are the Main Mechanisms Involved in Staphylococcus epidermidis Adaptation and Tolerance to Didecyldimethylammonium Chloride.
Phylogeography and the Evolutionary History of Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.): Wild Diversity and the Dynamics of Domestication.
Geographic Life History Differences Predict Genomic Divergence Better than Mitochondrial Barcodes or Phenotype.
Altered Growth and Envelope Properties of Polylysogens Containing Bacteriophage Lambda N-cI- Prophages.
EGR1 Transcription Factor is a Multifaceted Regulator of Matrix Production in Tendons and Other Connective Tissues.
Contributions of DNA Damage to Alzheimer \' s Disease.
DROSHA-Dependent miRNA and AIM2 Inflammasome Activation in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Beta3-Tubulin is Critical for Microtubule Dynamics, Cell Cycle Regulation, and Spontaneous Release of Microvesicles in Human Malignant Melanoma Cells (A375).
The ArathEULS3 Lectin Ends up in Stress Granules and Can Follow an Unconventional Route for Secretion.
METTL3 Modulates Osteoclast Differentiation and Function by Controlling RNA Stability and Nuclear Export.
Comparative Analysis of miRNA Expression Profiles Between Heat-Tolerant and Heat-Sensitive Genotypes of Flowering Chinese Cabbage Under Heat Stress Using High-Throughput Sequencing.
miR-9-5p Inhibits Skeletal Muscle Satellite Cell Proliferation and Differentiation by Targeting IGF2BP3 through the IGF2-PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
Reclassifying Hepatic Cell Death during Liver Damage: Ferroptosis-A Novel Form of Non-Apoptotic Cell Death?
Nonsense Mutations in the Yeast SUP35 Gene Affect the [PSI+] Prion Propagation.
LPIAT, a lyso-Phosphatidylinositol Acyltransferase, Modulates Seed Germination in Arabidopsis thaliana through PIP Signalling Pathways and is Involved in Hyperosmotic Response.
Estrogen-Related Receptor Alpha: An Under-Appreciated Potential Target for the Treatment of Metabolic Diseases.
Bioactive Glass (BG) ICIE16 Shows Promising Osteogenic Properties Compared to Crystallized 45S5-BG.
Aflatoxin Biosynthesis and Genetic Regulation: A Review.
Environmental UVR Levels and Skin Pigmentation Gene Variants Associated with Folate and Homocysteine Levels in an Elderly Cohort.
Complete Genome and Plasmids Sequences of a Clinical Proteus mirabilis Isolate Producing Plasmid Mediated NDM-1 from Italy.
Standardization of Plant Microbiome Studies: Which Proportion of the Microbiota is Really Harvested?
A Regionalized Genome-Based Mexican Diet Improves Anthropometric and Metabolic Parameters in Subjects at Risk for Obesity-Related Chronic Diseases.
Gametogenesis-Related Fluctuations in Ovothiol Levels in the Mantle of Mussels from Different Estuaries: Fighting Oxidative Stress for Spawning in Polluted Waters.
Computational Cancer Cell Models to Guide Precision Breast Cancer Medicine.
The Metabolization Profile of the CYP2D6 Gene in Amerindian Populations: A Review.
Novel Aspects on The Interaction Between Grapevine and Plasmopara viticola: Dual-RNA-Seq Analysis Highlights Gene Expression Dynamics in The Pathogen and The Plant During The Battle For Infection.
Assessment of Prolonged Dengue Virus Infection in Dermal Fibroblasts and Hair-Follicle Dermal Papilla Cells.
Clinical Observations and Treatment Approaches for Scoliosis in Prader-Willi Syndrome.
Isolation and Characterization of Root-Associated Bacterial Endophytes and Their Biocontrol Potential against Major Fungal Phytopathogens of Rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Cognitive Abilities of Dogs with Mucopolysaccharidosis I: Learning and Memory.
Acquisition of Avian-Origin PB1 Facilitates Viral RNA Synthesis by the 2009 Pandemic H1N1 Virus Polymerase.
Long Non-Coding RNA H19 Promotes Porcine Satellite Cell Differentiation by Interacting with TDP43.
A Global Analysis of Y-STR INRA189 Polymorphism in Chinese Domestic Yak Breeds/Populations.
Motor Neuron Generation from iPSCs from Identical Twins Discordant for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Pathogenicity and Genetic Characterization of Vietnamese Classical Swine Fever Virus: 2014-2018.
MmpS5-MmpL5 Transporters Provide Mycobacterium smegmatis Resistance to imidazo[1,2-b][1,2,4,5]tetrazines.
Micro RNA Expression after Ingestion of Fucoidan; A Clinical Study.
Administration of Steamed and Freeze-Dried Mature Silkworm Larval Powder Prevents Hepatic Fibrosis and Hepatocellular Carcinogenesis by Blocking TGF-beta/STAT3 Signaling Cascades in Rats.
Does DNA Methylation Matter in FSHD?
mRNAsi Index: Machine Learning in Mining Lung Adenocarcinoma Stem Cell Biomarkers.
REVEILLE Transcription Factors Contribute to the Nighttime Accumulation of Anthocyanins in  \' Red Zaosu \'  (Pyrus bretschneideri Rehd.) Pear Fruit Skin.
Cadmium Uptake, MT Gene Activation and Structure of Large-Sized Multi-Domain Metallothioneins in the Terrestrial Door Snail Alinda biplicata (Gastropoda, Clausiliidae).
Alternatively Constructed Estrogen Receptor Alpha-Driven Super-Enhancers Result in Similar Gene Expression in Breast and Endometrial Cell Lines.
Commitment of Autologous Human Multipotent Stem Cells on Biomimetic Poly-L-lactic Acid-Based Scaffolds Is Strongly Influenced by Structure and Concentration of Carbon Nanomaterial.
Differential Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Proteomic Profiles of Suicide Victims with Mood Disorders.
Effect of DHT-Induced Hyperandrogenism on the Pro-Inflammatory Cytokines in a Rat Model of Polycystic Ovary Morphology.
History of DNA Helicases.
Foreword Special Issue Cell Cycle and Regulation.
Complete Range of the Universal mtDNA Gene Pool and High Genetic Diversity in the Thai Dog Population.
Intraspecific Genomic Divergence and Minor Structural Variations in Leishmania (Viannia) panamensis.
Oxidative Stress and Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Are Involved in the Protective Effect of Alpha Lipoic Acid Against Heat Damage in Chicken Testes.
The Dynamics of Respiratory Microbiota during Mechanical Ventilation in Patients with Pneumonia.
Characterization of A Homozygous Deletion of Steroid Hormone Biosynthesis Genes in Horse Chromosome 29 as A Risk Factor for Disorders of Sex Development and Reproduction.
MiR-202-5p Inhibits RIG-I-Dependent Innate Immune Responses to RGNNV Infection by Targeting TRIM25 to Mediate RIG-I Ubiquitination.
Haplotype Analysis of GJB2 Mutations: Founder Effect or Mutational Hot Spot?
Zika Virus-Induction of the Suppressor of Cytokine Signaling 1/3 Contributes to the Modulation of Viral Replication.
Expression Levels of Long Non-Coding RNAs Change in Models of Altered Muscle Activity and Muscle Mass.
Supercoiling, R-loops, Replication and the Functions of Bacterial Type 1A Topoisomerases.
Effects of Overproduction of Rubisco Activase on Rubisco Content in Transgenic Rice Grown at Different N Levels.
RNA-Sequencing Analyses of Small Bacterial RNAs and their Emergence as Virulence Factors in Host-Pathogen Interactions.
Metabolic and Redox Signaling of the Nucleoredoxin-Like-1 Gene for the Treatment of Genetic Retinal Diseases.
Characterization of a Versatile Plant Growth-Promoting Rhizobacterium Pseudomonas mediterranea Strain S58.
Effects of Electrical Stimulation on Peripheral Nerve Regeneration in a Silicone Rubber Conduit in Taxol-Treated Rats.
The Clinicopathological Features and Genetic Mutations in Gastric Cancer Patients According to EMAST and MSI Status.
Short-Term Responses to Fatty Acids on Lipid Metabolism and Adipogenesis in Rainbow Trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
Estrogen Abolishes the Repression Role of gga-miR-221-5p Targeting ELOVL6 and SQLE to Promote Lipid Synthesis in Chicken Liver.
Hypermethylation of UCHL1 Promotes Metastasis of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma by Suppressing Degradation of Cortactin (CTTN).
Allies or Enemies: The Role of Reactive Oxygen Species in Developmental Processes of Black Cottonwood (Populus trichocarpa).
Isoform-Specific Lysine Methylation of RORalpha2 by SETD7 Is Required for Association of the TIP60 Coactivator Complex in Prostate Cancer Progression.
Relish as a Candidate Marker for Transgenerational Immune Priming in a Dampwood Termite (Blattodae: Archeotermopsidae).
Antiwrinkle and Antimelanogenesis Effects of Tyndallized Lactobacillus acidophilus KCCM12625P.
Nano-Zn Increased Zn Accumulation and Triglyceride Content by Up-Regulating Lipogenesis in Freshwater Teleost, Yellow Catfish Pelteobagrus fulvidraco.
Alliin, an Allium sativum Nutraceutical, ReducesMetaflammation Markers in DIO Mice.
Characterization of Haemonchus contortus Excretory/Secretory Antigen (ES-15) and Its Modulatory Functions on Goat Immune Cells In Vitro.
Precision Medicine Tumor Boards: Clinical Applicability of Personalized Treatment Concepts in Ovarian Cancer.
Prevalence, antibiotic sensitivity pattern and genetic analysis of extended spectrum beta lactamase producing Escherichia coli and Klebsiella spp among patients with community acquired urinary tract infection in Galle district, Sri Lanka
Biosynthesis of (R)-(-)-1-Octen-3-ol in Recombinant Saccharomyces cerevisiae with Lipoxygenase-1 and Hydroperoxide Lyase Genes from Tricholoma matsutake.
[Mutation-Dependent Mechanisms and Their Impact on Targeted Therapeutic Strategies with Reference to Bestrophin 1 and the Bestrophinopathies].
Molecular diagnosis methods in familial hypercholesterolemia.
The PGC-1alpha/NRF1/miR-378a axis protects vascular smooth muscle cells from FFA-induced proliferation, migration and inflammation in atherosclerosis.
Essential characterisation of human papillomavirus positive head and neck cancer cell lines.
The pyrin inflammasome in host-microbe interactions.
Methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase and methionine synthase gene polymorphisms as genetic determinants of pre-eclampsia.
Inflammatory Infiltrate and Angiogenesis in Mantle Cell Lymphoma.
When is a transcription factor a NAP?
Tubulin Polymerization Promoting Protein (TPPP) gene methylation and corpus callosum measures in maltreated children.
Co-occurring WARS2 and CHRNA6 mutations in a child with a severe form of infantile parkinsonism.
Methylation signature genes identification of cancers occurrence and pattern recognition.
Heterologous expression of wheat WRKY transcription factor genes transcriptionally activated in hybrid necrosis strains alters abiotic and biotic stress tolerance in transgenic Arabidopsis.
LPS induces ALOX5 promoter activation and 5-lipoxygenase expression in human monocytic cells.
Calcium signaling in interdental cells during the critical developmental period of the mouse cochlea.
Biological process for coproduction of hydrogen and thermophilic enzymes during CO fermentation.
Butanol production from cellulosic material by anaerobic co-culture of white-rot fungus Phlebia and bacterium Clostridium in consolidated bioprocessing.
Corrigendum to "Contrasting patterns of coding and flanking region evolution in mammalian keratin associated protein-1 genes" [Mol. Phylogenet. Evolut. 133 (2019) 352-361].
The mechanism of chelator improved the tolerance and accumulation of poplar to Cd explored through differential expression protein based on iTRAQ.
Proteomics analysis reveals the defense priming effect of chitosan oligosaccharides in Arabidopsis-Pst DC3000 interaction.
The RB gene family controls the maturation state of the EndoC-betaH2 human pancreatic beta-cells.
Alterations in viability and CYP1A1 expression in SH SY5Y cell line by pollutants present in Madin Dam, Mexico.
Integration of transcriptomics and metabolomics reveals the responses of earthworms to the long-term exposure of TiO2 nanoparticles in soil.
Contribution of autochthonous diazotrophs to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dissipation in contaminated soils.
An indigenous bacterium Bacillus XZM for phosphate enhanced transformation and migration of arsenate.
alpha-Synuclein Translocates to the Nucleus to Activate Retinoic-Acid-Dependent Gene Transcription.
Mechanisms of action of currently used antiseizure drugs.
Arsenic concentrations, diversity and co-occurrence patterns of bacterial and fungal communities in the feces of mice under sub-chronic arsenic exposure through food.
Evaluation of chemical and biological contaminants of emerging concern in treated wastewater intended for agricultural reuse.
Bacterial response to sharp geochemical gradients caused by acid mine drainage intrusion in a terrace: Relevance of C, N, and S cycling and metal resistance.
Molecular epidemiology of Escherichia coli causing blood stream infections in a centralized Canadian region: a population-based surveillance study.
Updated emm-typing protocol for Streptococcus pyogenes.
Ectopic HOTTIP Expression Induces Noncanonical Transactivation Pathways to Promote Growth and Invasiveness in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
CD27 antigen negative expression indicates poor prognosis in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma.
Gene expression in the smut fungus Ustilago esculenta governs swollen gall metamorphosis in Zizania latifolia.
Genome sequence of a multidrug-resistant Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae ZJ carrying several acquired resistance genes.
Evaluation of the epigenetic alterations and gene expression levels of HepG2 cells exposed to zearalenone and alpha-zearalenol.
What you learn &amp; when you learn it: Impact of early bilingual &amp; music experience on the structural characteristics of auditory-motor pathways.
Genetic susceptibility to parenting style: DRD2 and COMT influence creativity.
Compromised immune/inflammatory responses in Rett syndrome.
Transcriptomics and proteomics analysis of system-level mechanisms in the liver of apigenin-treated fibrotic rats.
lncRNA PCAT18 inhibits proliferation, migration and invasion of gastric cancer cells through miR-135b suppression to promote CLDN11 expression.
Oil and extract of safflower seed improve fructose induced metabolic syndrome through modulating the homeostasis of trace elements, TNF-alpha, and fatty acids metabolism.
Characterization and purification via nucleic acid aptamers of a novel esterase from the metagenome of paper mill wastewater sediments.
Association of IL-16 gene polymorphisms with sporadic Parkinson \' s disease in a Han Chinese population.
Evaluating the GCN5b bromodomain as a novel therapeutic target against the parasite Toxoplasma gondii.
Biosynthesis of Functional Polyhydroxyalkanoates by Engineered Halomonas bluephagenesis.
Harmonization and Standardization of Panel-Based Tumor Mutational Burden (TMB) Measurement: Real-World Results and Recommendations of the QuIP Study.
Long Non-Coding RNA MALAT1 as a Key Target in Pathogenesis of Glioblastoma. Janus Faces or Achilles \'  Heal?
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-coactivator 1-beta (PGC-1beta) modulates the expression of genes involved in adipogenesis during preadipocyte differentiation.
The gene regulatory control of sea urchin gastrulation.
Molecular mechanisms underlying milk production and viviparity in the cockroach, Diploptera punctata.
Corynebacterium rouxii sp. nov., a novel member of the diphtheriae species complex.
Phenotypic comparison and DNA sequencing analysis of a wild-type and a pediocin-resistant mutant of Listeria ivanovii.
Adolescent Dietary Manipulations Differentially Affect Gut Microbiota Composition and Amygdala Neuroimmune Gene Expression in Male Mice in Adulthood.
Construction and application of a dual promoter system for efficient protein production and metabolic pathway enhancement in Bacillus licheniformis.
Nuclear actin regulates cell proliferation and migration via inhibition of SRF and TEAD.
Biolistic transfection and expression analysis of acute cortical slices.
Patho-mechanism Heterogeneity in the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and Frontotemporal Dementia Disease Spectrum: Providing Focus through the Lens of Autophagy.
Involvement of p53 acetylation in growth suppression of Cutaneous T-cell lymphomas induced by HDAC inhibition.
SLC26A7 protein is a chloride/bicarbonate exchanger and its abundance is osmolarity- and pH-dependent in renal epithelial cells.
Altered circadian clock as a novel therapeutic target for constant darkness-induced insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism of polycystic ovary syndrome.
A qualitative transcriptional prognostic signature for patients with stage I-II pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Chemogenetics a Robust Approach to Pharmacology and Gene Therapy.
Chromatin accessibility and histone acetylation in the regulation of competence in early development.
High-Fat Diet Increases Fat Oxidation and Promotes Skeletal Muscle Fatty Acid Transporter Expression in Exercise-Trained Mice.
Design and Evaluation of a Method for Testing Polymorphisms of Folate-Related Genes Using the Luminex Liquichip System.
Circ_0000388 Exerts Oncogenic Function in Cervical Cancer Cells by Regulating miR-337-3p/TCF12 Axis.
Swine Disease Models for Optimal Vascular Engineering.
Comparative Analysis of PFOS and PFOA Toxicity on Sertoli Cells.
Rational Design of Small Molecules to Enhance Genome Editing Efficiency by Selectively Targeting Distinct Functional States of CRISPR-Cas12a.
Association between CYP2B6 polymorphism and acute leukemia in a Han population of Northwest China.
Adult osteosclerotic metaphyseal dysplasia with progressive osteonecrosis of the jaws and abnormal bone resorption pattern due to a LRRK1 splice site mutation.
Ageing-related changes in the levels of beta-catenin, CacyBP/SIP, galectin-3 and immunoproteasome subunit LMP7 in the heart of men.
African green monkeys avoid SIV disease progression by preventing intestinal dysfunction and maintaining mucosal barrier integrity.
Triploidy in zebrafish larvae: Effects on gene expression, cell size and cell number, growth, development and swimming performance.
HIV-1 reverse transcriptase and protease mutations for drug-resistance detection among treatment-experienced and naive HIV-infected individuals.
Identification and mapping of a new recessive dwarfing gene dw9 on the 6RL rye chromosome and its phenotypic effects.
Genome-wide interaction study reveals age-dependent determinants of responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroids in individuals with asthma.
Abnormal keratinocyte differentiation in the nasal planum of Labrador Retrievers with hereditary nasal parakeratosis (HNPK).
Discontinuous transcription of ribosomal DNA in human cells.
Machine learning with random subspace ensembles identifies antimicrobial resistance determinants from pan-genomes of three pathogens.
Plasmodium vivax transcriptional profiling of low input cryopreserved isolates through the intraerythrocytic development cycle.
[A case report of Noonan syndrome diagnosed in primary healthcare].
Role of SHV-11, a Class A beta-Lactamase, Gene in Multidrug Resistance Among Klebsiella pneumoniae Strains and Understanding its Mechanism by Gene Network Analysis.
Extracellular Vesicles of Stem Cells to Prevent BRONJ.
Endothelin-1 (ET-1) Promotes a Proinflammatory Microglia Phenotype in Diabetic Conditions.
Stem Cell-Derived Endothelial Cell Model that Responds to Tobacco Smoke Like Primary Endothelial Cells.
IgA targeting on N-terminal moiety of viral phosphoprotein prevents measles virus from evading interferon beta signaling.
[The study of rate and spectrum of frequency of mutations of gene KRAS in patients with colorectal cancer in the Republic of Kazakhstan].
Impact of mannose-binding lectin 2 gene polymorphisms on disease severity in noncystic fibrosis bronchiectasis in children.
C-X-C motif chemokine receptor 4 aggravates renal fibrosis through activating JAK/STAT/GSK3beta/beta-catenin pathway.
Long noncoding RNA LINC00630 promotes radio-resistance by regulating BEX1 gene methylation in colorectal cancer cells.
Epstein-Barr virus positive gastric cancer involves enhancer activation through ATF3.
Whole genome sequence analysis and in vitro probiotic characteristics of a Lactobacillus strain Lactobacillus paracasei ZFM54.
Prenatal ultrasound features of Loeys-Dietz syndrome Type 4.
Up-regulation of long noncoding RNA LINC00858 is associated with poor prognosis in gastric cancer.
The presence of CC chemokines and their aberrant role in the porcine corpus luteum.
Mutational and transcriptomic landscapes of a rare human prostate basal cell carcinoma.
A VIT-like transporter facilitates iron transport into nodule symbiosomes for nitrogen fixation in soybean.
The Systems Biology of Drug Metabolizing Enzymes and Transporters: Relevance to Quantitative Systems Pharmacology.
Metabonomics and the gut microbiome associated with primary response to anti-TNF therapy in Crohn \' s disease.
Quantitative Transcriptional Biomarkers of Xenobiotic Receptor Activation in Rat Liver for The Early Assessment of Drug Safety Liabilities.
Skeletal Toxicity of Coplanar Polychlorinated Biphenyl Congener 126 in the Rat is Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor-Dependent.
V-SVA: an R Shiny application for detecting and annotating hidden sources of variation in single cell RNA-seq data.
Radiation treatment, ATM, BRCA1/2, and CHEK2*1100delC pathogenic variants, and risk of contralateral breast cancer.
scRMD: Imputation for single cell RNA-seq data via robust matrix decomposition.
Relative efficiencies of simple and complex substitution models in estimating divergence times in phylogenomics.
Feature set optimization in biomarker discovery from genome scale data.
An absolute human stemness index associated with oncogenic dedifferentiation.
Low myocardial transcript variant alt-a of cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor p21 expression differentiates hypothermia from cardiac/respiratory causes of death.
Overexpression of miR-17 is correlated with liver metastasis in colorectal cancer.
Role of autoimmune hemolytic anemia as an initial indicator for chronic myeloid leukemia: A case report.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the non-coding region of STIM1 gene are associated with Parkinson disease risk in Chinese Han population.
Comprehensive evaluation of SPATS2 expression and its prognostic potential in liver cancer.
Prognostic value of long non-coding RNA SNHG20 in cancer: A meta-analysis.
A case report of sinusoidal diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in a STK4 deficient patient.
Novel Duplex Polymerase Chain Reaction for the Rapid Detection of Pythium insidiosum Directly From Corneal Specimens of Patients With Ocular Pythiosis.
A Behavioral Epigenetics Model to Predict Oral Feeding Skills in Preterm Infants.
Genomic and Clinicopathologic Characteristics of PRKAR1A-inactivated Melanomas: Toward Genetic Distinctions of Animal-type Melanoma/Pigment Synthesizing Melanoma.
Enhanced ER-associated degradation of HMG CoA reductase causes embryonic lethality associated with Ubiad1 deficiency.
Trends in Helicobacter pylori resistance to clarithromycin: from phenotypic to genomic approaches.
Comparison of the performance of the Panther Fusion respiratory virus panel to R-Gene and laboratory developed tests for diagnostic and hygiene screening specimens from the upper and lower respiratory tract.
Identification of Acinetobacter baumannii loci for capsular polysaccharide (KL) and lipooligosaccharide outer core (OCL) synthesis in genome assemblies using curated reference databases compatible with Kaptive.
Using genomics to understand inter- and intra- outbreak diversity of Pasteurella multocida isolates associated with fowl cholera in meat chickens.
Roseovarius arcticus sp. nov., a bacterium isolated from Arctic marine sediment.
Morphological redescriptions and neotypification of two poorly known tintinnine ciliates (Alveolata, Ciliophora, Tintinnina), with a phylogenetic investigation based on SSU rRNA gene sequences.
Lysobacter lacus sp. nov., isolated from from lake sediment.
Identification of rhythmic human CYPs and their circadian regulators using synchronized hepatoma cells.
Effects of 27 natural products on drug metabolism genes in channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus) cell line.
Novel mutations in MFRP and PRSS56 are associated with posterior microphthalmos.
Functional microRNA screening for dietary vitamin E regulation of abdominal fat deposition in broilers.
Curl Flux as a Dynamical Origin of the Bifurcations/Phase Transitions of Nonequilibrium Systems: Cell Fate Decision Making.
Polyplexes Are Endocytosed by and Trafficked within Filopodia.
Deciphering Biosynthetic Enzymes Leading to 4-Chloro-6-Methyl-5,7-Dihydroxyphenylglycine, a Non-Proteinogenic Amino Acid in Totopotensamides.
Congenital factor XI deficiency caused by a novel F11 missense variant: a case report.
The effects of daylight exposure on melatonin levels, Kiss1 expression, and melanoma formation in mice.
Role of platelet gene polymorphisms in ischemic pediatric stroke subtypes: a case-control study.
DNMT3B rs1569686 and rs2424913 gene polymorphisms are associated with positive family history of preterm birth and smoking status.
Norepinephrine-CREB1-miR-373 axis promotes progression of colon cancer.
N-acetyl-l-tyrosine is an intrinsic triggering factor of mitohormesis in stressed animals.
Living donor liver transplantation for congenital hepatic fibrosis in children.
Utilizing CRISPR/Cas9 technology to prepare lymphoblastoid cell lines harboring genetic mutations for generating quality control materials in genetic testing.
Timing Is Everything: Improving NASH Histology in Clinical Trials Should Not Be Rushed.
Pro-inflammatory cytokines favor the emergence of ETV6-RUNX1-positive pre-leukemic cells in a model of mesenchymal niche.
Accelerate Pheno  system in sepsis by Gram-negative pathogens: four months of hospital experience.
Regulation of calcium dynamics and propagation velocity by tissue microstructure in engineered strands of cardiac tissue.
Genome sequence of the agarwood tree Aquilaria sinensis (Lour.) Spreng: the first chromosome-level draft genome in the Thymelaeceae family.
DMN-Tre Labeling for Detection and High-Content Screening of Compounds against Intracellular Mycobacteria.
Beneficial Effects of Endophytic Fungi from the Anoectochilus and Ludisia Species on the Growth and Secondary Metabolism of Anoectochilus roxburghii.
Updates on Ecology and Life Cycle of Sulcascaris sulcata (Nematoda: Anisakidae) in Mediterranean Grounds: Molecular Identification of Larvae Infecting Edible Scallops.
Characterization of Lactic Acid Bacteria Isolated From the Gastrointestinal Tract of a Wild Boar as Potential Probiotics.
Clinical Manifestation and Molecular Characterization of a Novel Member of the Nannizziopsiaceae in a Pulmonary Granuloma From a Galapagos Tortoise (Chelonoidis nigra).
Characterizing Woody Breast Myopathy in a Meat Broiler Line by Heat Production, Microbiota, and Plasma Metabolites.
Protein Subdomain Enrichment of NUP155 Variants Identify a Novel Predicted Pathogenic Hotspot.
3D Co-culture of hiPSC-Derived Cardiomyocytes With Cardiac Fibroblasts Improves Tissue-Like Features of Cardiac Spheroids.
A Comparative Genomics Study on the Molecular Evolution of Serotonin/Melatonin Biosynthesizing Enzymes in Vertebrates.
Validation of Gene Profiles for Analysis of Regional Lymphatic Metastases in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Peripheral Blood-Based Biopsy for Breast Cancer Risk Prediction and Early Detection.
Effect of Calcitriol on the Renal Microvasculature Differentiation Disturbances Induced by AT1 Blockade During Nephrogenesis in Rats.
Probe Signal Values in mRNA Arrays Imply an Excessive Involvement of Neutrophil FCGR1 in Tuberculosis.
CDP-Diacylglycerol Synthases (CDS): Gateway to Phosphatidylinositol and Cardiolipin Synthesis.
Developmental and Cellular Basis of Vertical Bar Color Patterns in the East African Cichlid Fish Haplochromis latifasciatus.
TGF-beta1 Augments the Apical Membrane Abundance of Lemur Tyrosine Kinase 2 to Inhibit CFTR-Mediated Chloride Transport in Human Bronchial Epithelia.
The Function of the HGF/c-Met Axis in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Secretome Analysis Performed During in vitro Cardiac Differentiation: Discovering the Cardiac Microenvironment.
Dual Role of Inflammasome Adaptor ASC in Cancer.
Asparaginyl-tRNA Synthetase, a Novel Component of Hippo Signaling, Binds to Salvador and Enhances Yorkie-Mediated Tumorigenesis.
The Lysosomal Membrane Protein Lamp2 Alleviates Lysosomal Cell Death by Promoting Autophagic Flux in Ischemic Cardiomyocytes.
Parvalbumin Interneuron Activation-Dependent Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis Is Required for Treadmill Running to Reverse Schizophrenia-Like Phenotypes.
Mitochondrial Interactome: A Focus on Antiviral Signaling Pathways.
Adherens Junctions: Guardians of Cortical Development.
Non-coding RNAs Shaping Muscle.
Discovery and Biochemical Characterization of a Methanol Dehydrogenase From Lysinibacillus xylanilyticus.
3D Bioprinting Pluripotent Stem Cell Derived Neural Tissues Using a Novel Fibrin Bioink Containing Drug Releasing Microspheres.
Gene-Focused Networks Underlying Phenotypic Convergence in a Systematically Phenotyped Cohort With Heterogeneous Intellectual Disability.
Multiple Site-Specific One-Pot Synthesis of Two Proteins by the Bio-Orthogonal Flexizyme System.
Dynamic Alternative Splicing During Mouse Preimplantation Embryo Development.
CALISTA: Clustering and LINEAGE Inference in Single-Cell Transcriptional Analysis.
Prioritizing Gene Cascading Paths to Model Colorectal Cancer Through Engineered Organoids.
Integrative Analysis of Methylation and Gene Expression in Lung Adenocarcinoma and Squamous Cell Lung Carcinoma.
Immobilized Acylase PvdQ Reduces Pseudomonas aeruginosa Biofilm Formation on PDMS Silicone.
Cell Line-, Protein-, and Sialoglycosite-Specific Control of Flux-Based Sialylation in Human Breast Cells: Implications for Cancer Progression.
Performance of and Factors Associated With Tuberculosis Screening and Diagnosis Among People Living With HIV: Analysis of 2012-2016 Routine HIV Data in Tanzania.
Right Atrial Myocardial Remodeling in Children With Atrial Septal Defect Involves Inflammation, Growth, Fibrosis, and Apoptosis.
Inflammatory Myofibroblastic Tumors in the Uterus: Childhood-Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Hydrolyzed Fat Formula Increases Brain White Matter in Small for Gestational Age and Appropriate for Gestational Age Neonatal Piglets.
Multiple Family Members With Delayed Cord Separtion and Combined Immunodeficiency With Novel Mutation in IKBKB.
Murine and Human Cathelicidins Contribute Differently to Hallmarks of Mastitis Induced by Pathogenic Prototheca bovis Algae.
Screening the Drug:H+ Antiporter Family for a Role in Biofilm Formation in Candida glabrata.
What Are the Functions of Chitin Deacetylases in Aspergillus fumigatus?
Discovery of Multitarget-Directed Ligands Against Influenza A Virus From Compound Yizhihao Through a Predictive System for Compound-Protein Interactions.
Specific Integration of Temperate Phage Decreases the Pathogenicity of Host Bacteria.
The Influence of Recombinational Processes to Induce Dormancy in Trypanosoma cruzi.
The Heparin-Binding Hemagglutinin of Nocardia cyriacigeorgica GUH-2 Stimulates Inflammatory Cytokine Secretion Through Activation of Nuclear Factor kappaB and Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Pathways via TLR4.
Discovery of in vivo Virulence Genes of Obligatory Intracellular Bacteria by Random Mutagenesis.
Comprehensive Molecular Profiling for Relapsed/Refractory Pediatric Burkitt Lymphomas-Retrospective Analysis of Three Real-Life Clinical Cases-Addressing Issues on Randomization and Customization at the Bedside.
PELP1 Suppression Inhibits Gastric Cancer Through Downregulation of c-Src-PI3K-ERK Pathway.
LRRC4 Suppresses E-Cadherin-Dependent Collective Cell Invasion and Metastasis in Epithelial Ovarian Cancer.
von Hippel-Lindau Syndrome: Genetic Study of Case With a Rare Pathogenic Variant With Optic Nerve Hemangioblastoma, a Rare Phenotypic Expression.
The Rare Variant rs35356162 in UHRF1BP1 Increases Bladder Cancer Risk in Han Chinese Population.
Microbiome and Breast Cancer: New Role for an Ancient Population.
PARP Inhibitors in Prostate and Urothelial Cancers.
miR-20a-5p/TGFBR2 Axis Affects Pro-inflammatory Macrophages and Aggravates Liver Fibrosis.
Manipulating microRNAs for the Treatment of Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma: Past, Present and Future.
Heterozygous p53-R280T Mutation Enhances the Oncogenicity of NPC Cells Through Activating PI3K-Akt Signaling Pathway.
Preclinical Models of Malignant Mesothelioma.
Targeting Metabolic Deregulation Landscapes in Breast Cancer Subtypes.
Extracellular Vesicles and Chemotherapy Resistance in the AML Microenvironment.
Linc00668 Promotes Invasion and Stem Cell-Like Properties of Breast Cancer Cells by Interaction With SND1.
Systemic Analysis of RNA Alternative Splicing Signals Related to the Prognosis for Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
A 6 lncRNA-Based Risk Score System for Predicting the Recurrence of Colon Adenocarcinoma Patients.
LincRNA00494 Suppresses Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Cell Proliferation by Regulating SRCIN1 Expression as a ceRNA.
Genetic Variants of HOTAIR Associated With Colorectal Cancer Susceptibility and Mortality.
Comprehensive Review of Web Servers and Bioinformatics Tools for Cancer Prognosis Analysis.
Upregulated Expression of TUBA1C Predicts Poor Prognosis and Promotes Oncogenesis in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma via Regulating the Cell Cycle.
Caveolin-1 Promotes Chemoresistance of Gastric Cancer Cells to Cisplatin by Activating WNT/beta-Catenin Pathway.
Impact of Sirtuin Enzymes on the Altered Metabolic Phenotype of Malignantly Transformed Cells.
Genomic Identification of RNA Editing Through Integrating Omics Datasets and the Clinical Relevance in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
PLXNC1 Enhances Carcinogenesis Through Transcriptional Activation of IL6ST in Gastric Cancer.
Concordance of Hormone Receptor Status and BRCA1/2 Mutation Among Women With Synchronous Bilateral Breast Cancer.
Oncogenic Role of PVT1 and Therapeutic Implications.
Vitreoscilla hemoglobin promotes biofilm expansion and mitigates sporulation in Bacillus subtilis DK1042.
Transcript profiling reveals potential regulators for oxidative stress response of a necrotrophic chickpea pathogen Ascochyta rabiei.
Growth promoting effects of Pluronic F-68 on callus proliferation of recalcitrant rice cultivar.
A potential seedling-stage evaluation method for heat tolerance in Indian mustard (Brassica juncea L. Czern and Coss).
Metabolic engineering of an industrial Aspergillus niger strain for itaconic acid production.
Identification and characterization of antimicrobial peptide produced by indigenously isolated Bacillus paralicheniformis UBBLi30 strain.
Transcriptome analysis of flavonoid biosynthesis in safflower flowers grown under different light intensities.
Engrailed-2 promotes a malignant phenotype of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma through upregulating the expression of pro-oncogenic genes.
The expression of small RNAs in exosomes of follicular fluid altered in human polycystic ovarian syndrome.
Single nucleotide polymorphism of MTHFR rs1801133 associated with elevated Hcy levels affects susceptibility to cerebral small vessel disease.
Effects of manganese and zinc on the growth process of Phytophthora nicotianae and the possible inhibitory mechanisms.
SCelVis: exploratory single cell data analysis on the desktop and in the cloud.
The complete mitogenome of Arion vulgaris Moquin-Tandon, 1855 (Gastropoda: Stylommatophora): mitochondrial genome architecture, evolution and phylogenetic considerations within Stylommatophora.
The E2F family as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets in colon cancer.
Mutant dlx3b disturbs normal tooth mineralization and bone formation in zebrafish.
Identification and validation of key modules and hub genes associated with the pathological stage of oral squamous cell carcinoma by weighted gene co-expression network analysis.
EMT-related gene expression is positively correlated with immunity and may be derived from stromal cells in osteosarcoma.
Genome-wide identification and expression analysis of the VQ gene family in Cicer arietinum and Medicago truncatula.
Key genes and co-expression modules involved in asthma pathogenesis.
High-throughput sequencing analysis identified microRNAs associated with egg production in ducks ovaries.
Identification of key genes associated with multiple sclerosis based on gene expression data from peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
A novel transcript of MEF2D promotes myoblast differentiation and its variations associated with growth traits in chicken.
Transcriptomic and proteomic profiles of II YOU 838 (Oryza sativa) provide insights into heat stress tolerance in hybrid rice.
S100A4 promotes hepatocellular carcinogenesis by intensifying fibrosis-associated cancer cell stemness.
Response of metastatic mouse invasive lobular carcinoma to mTOR inhibition is partly mediated by the adaptive immune system.
Effect of Flightless I Expression on Epidermal Stem Cell Niche During Wound Repair.
Circular RNA hsa_circ_0084443 Is Upregulated in Diabetic Foot Ulcer and Modulates Keratinocyte Migration and Proliferation.
Evaluation of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase serum level in patients with multiple sclerosis and neuromyelitis optica.
Proteomic Classification and Identification of Proteins Related to Tissue Healing of Platelet-Rich Plasma.
Corrigendum: Associations Between Behavioral Effects of Bisphenol A and DNA Methylation in Zebrafish Embryos.
Erratum: Identification of Breast Cancer Stem Cell Related Genes Using Functional Cellular Assays Combined With Single-Cell RNA Sequencing in MDA-MB-231 Cells.
Spinal Muscular Atrophy in the Black South African Population: A Matter of Rearrangement?
Integrated Analysis of Large-Scale Omics Data Revealed Relationship Between Tissue Specificity and Evolutionary Dynamics of Small RNAs in Maize (Zea mays).
Mutation in Fbxo11 Leads to Altered Immune Cell Content in Jeff Mouse Model of Otitis Media.
Analysis of Alternative Splicing and Alternative Polyadenylation in Populus alba var. pyramidalis by Single-Molecular Long-Read Sequencing.
MicroRNA-206 Regulation of Skin Pigmentation in Koi Carp (Cyprinus carpio L.).
Epigenetic Modifications May Regulate the Activation of the Hypopharyngeal Gland of Honeybees (Apis Mellifera) During Winter.
Systematic Nucleotide Exchange Analysis of ESTs From the Human Cancer Genome Project Report: Origins of 347 Unknown ESTs Indicate Putative Transcription of Non-Coding Genomic Regions.
Normalization Methods on Single-Cell RNA-seq Data: An Empirical Survey.
Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Activation in Alport Syndrome Varies Between Genotype and Cell Type.
Neonatal Alcohol Exposure in Mice Induces Select Differentiation- and Apoptosis-Related Chromatin Changes Both Independent of and Dependent on Sex.
Functional Innovation in the Evolution of the Calcium-Dependent System of the Eukaryotic Endoplasmic Reticulum.
Radial Organization in the Mammalian Nucleus.
Varying Architecture of Heat Shock Elements Contributes to Distinct Magnitudes of Target Gene Expression and Diverged Biological Pathways in Heat Stress Response of Bread Wheat.
CHG: A Systematically Integrated Database of Cancer Hallmark Genes.
In Situ Genetic Evaluation of European Larch Across Climatic Regions Using Marker-Based Pedigree Reconstruction.
Identification of the Prognosis-Related lncRNAs and Genes in Gastric Cancer.
Pathogenic EDA Mutations in Chinese Han Families With Hypohidrotic Ectodermal Dysplasia and Genotype-Phenotype: A Correlation Analysis.
Genomic Regions Associated With Skeletal Type Traits in Beef and Dairy Cattle Are Common to Regions Associated With Carcass Traits, Feed Intake and Calving Difficulty.
High-Throughput Transcriptome Profiling in Drug and Biomarker Discovery.
The Functional Effects of Key Driver KRAS Mutations on Gene Expression in Lung Cancer.
Identification and Validation of an Individualized Prognostic Signature of Bladder Cancer Based on Seven Immune Related Genes.
Novel Combined Tissue Transcriptome Analysis After Lentogenic Newcastle Disease Virus Challenge in Inbred Chicken Lines of Differential Resistance.
Pathogenic Gene Prediction Algorithm Based on Heterogeneous Information Fusion.
BedSect: An Integrated Web Server Application to Perform Intersection, Visualization, and Functional Annotation of Genomic Regions From Multiple Datasets.
Identification of Prognostic Genes in Leiomyosarcoma by Gene Co-Expression Network Analysis.
Genetic Variation Related to High Elevation Adaptation Revealed by Common Garden Experiments in Pinus yunnanensis.
Population Structure, and Selection Signatures Underlying High-Altitude Adaptation Inferred From Genome-Wide Copy Number Variations in Chinese Indigenous Cattle.
A Three-Gene Classifier Associated With MicroRNA-Mediated Regulation Predicts Prostate Cancer Recurrence After Radical Prostatectomy.
Evaluation of Pathway Activation for a Single Sample Toward Inflammatory Bowel Disease Classification.
Current Understanding of Host Genetics of Otitis Media.
Alveolar Macrophage Chromatin Is Modified to Orchestrate Host Response to Mycobacterium bovis Infection.
Germ Cell-Specific Gene 1-Like Protein Regulated by Splicing Factor CUGBP Elav-Like Family Member 5 and Primary Bile Acid Biosynthesis are Prognostic in Glioblastoma Multiforme.
Corrigendum: Digitaldlsorter: Deep-Learning on scRNA-Seq to Deconvolute Gene Expression Data.
Identification of Biological Pathways Contributing to Marbling in Skeletal Muscle to Improve Beef Cattle Breeding.
Analysis of the Clinicopathologic Characteristics of Lung Adenocarcinoma With CTNNB1 Mutation.
NG-Tax 2.0: A Semantic Framework for High-Throughput Amplicon Analysis.
The Genetics and Epigenetics of 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome.
Transcriptome Changes of Mycobacterium marinum in the Process of Resuscitation From Hypoxia-Induced Dormancy.
Functional Annotation of the Transcriptome of the Pig, Sus scrofa, Based Upon Network Analysis of an RNAseq Transcriptional Atlas.
Novel and Known Gene-Smoking Interactions With cIMT Identified as Potential Drivers for Atherosclerosis Risk in West-African Populations of the AWI-Gen Study.
Emerging Roles of Heat-Induced circRNAs Related to Lactogenesis in Lactating Sows.
Genome-Wide Association Study Uncovers Novel Genomic Regions Associated With Coleoptile Length in Hard Winter Wheat.
Genome-Wide Analysis of the DREB Subfamily in Saccharum spontaneum Reveals Their Functional Divergence During Cold and Drought Stresses.
The Genetics of Differential Gene Expression Related to Fruit Traits in Strawberry (Fragaria xananassa).
An Empirical Analysis Rejects the Hybrid Speciation Hypothesis of a Crucial Kiwifruit Species, Despite Genomic Evidence of Frequent Interspecific Gene Flow in the Genus.
Heterologous Expression of Ethanol Synthesis Pathway in Glycogen Deficient Synechococcus elongatus PCC 7942 Resulted in Enhanced Production of Ethanol and Exopolysaccharides.
Association Study of the 5 \' UTR Intron of the FAD2-2 Gene With Oleic and Linoleic Acid Content in Olea europaea L.
Identification and Characterization of Nep1-Like Proteins From the Grapevine Downy Mildew Pathogen Plasmopara viticola.
Sexual Reproduction via a 1-Aminocyclopropane-1-Carboxylic Acid-Dependent Pathway Through Redox Modulation in the Marine Red Alga Pyropia yezoensis (Rhodophyta).
Characterization of Arabidopsis CYP79C1 and CYP79C2 by Glucosinolate Pathway Engineering in Nicotiana benthamiana Shows Substrate Specificity Toward a Range of Aliphatic and Aromatic Amino Acids.
Principles, Applications, and Biosafety of Plant Genome Editing Using CRISPR-Cas9.
The Role of Grass MUTE Orthologues During Stomatal Development.
Chromatin Remodeling Protein ZmCHB101 Regulates Nitrate-Responsive Gene Expression in Maize.
The Rice Xa3 Gene Confers Resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae in the Model Rice Kitaake Genetic Background.
Beneficial Endophytic Bacterial Populations Associated With Medicinal Plant Thymus vulgaris Alleviate Salt Stress and Confer Resistance to Fusarium oxysporum.
Proline Biosynthesis Enzyme Genes Confer Salt Tolerance to Switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.) in Cooperation With Polyamines Metabolism.
The Utility of Graph Clustering of 5S Ribosomal DNA Homoeologs in Plant Allopolyploids, Homoploid Hybrids, and Cryptic Introgressants.
Transcriptional and Post-Transcriptional Regulation and Transcriptional Memory of Chromatin Regulators in Response to Low Temperature.
Exogenous Brassinolide Alleviates Salt Stress in Malus hupehensis Rehd. by Regulating the Transcription of NHX-Type Na+(K+)/H+ Antiporters.
Biocontrol by Fusarium oxysporum Using Endophyte-Mediated Resistance.
Algal Autophagy Is Necessary for the Regulation of Carbon Metabolism Under Nutrient Deficiency.
Molecular Basis of Plant Oil Biosynthesis: Insights Gained From Studying the WRINKLED1 Transcription Factor.
Aldoxime Metabolism Is Linked to Phenylpropanoid Production in Camelina sativa.
Molecular and Functional Characterization of CaNAC035, an NAC Transcription Factor From Pepper (Capsicum annuum L.).
Generation and Molecular Characterization of CRISPR/Cas9-Induced Mutations in 63 Immunity-Associated Genes in Tomato Reveals Specificity and a Range of Gene Modifications.
Linkage Analysis and Multi-Locus Genome-Wide Association Studies Identify QTNs Controlling Soybean Plant Height.
Systems-Based Approaches to Unravel Networks and Individual Elements Involved in Apple Superficial Scald.
Insights Into Oxidized Lipid Modification in Barley Roots as an Adaptation Mechanism to Salinity Stress.
Untangling the Evolution of American Wild Grapes: Admixed Species and How to Find Them.
A TRANSPARENT TESTA Transcriptional Module Regulates Endothelium Polarity.
Looking At the Past and Heading to the Future: Meeting Summary of the 6th European Workshop on Plant Chromatin 2019 in Cologne, Germany.
Fine Mapping of Lr49 Using 90K SNP Chip Array and Flow-Sorted Chromosome Sequencing in Wheat.
The Integration of Multiple Nuclear-Encoded Transgenes in the Green Alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii Results in Higher Transcription Levels.
The MADS-Box Gene CsSHP Participates in Fruit Maturation and Floral Organ Development in Cucumber.
Ammonium Transporter (BcAMT1.2) Mediates the Interaction of Ammonium and Nitrate in Brassica campestris.
A Phylogenomic Perspective on Evolution and Discordance in the Alpine-Arctic Plant Clade Micranthes (Saxifragaceae).
Genetics and Expression Analysis of Anthocyanin Accumulation in Curd Portion of Sicilian Purple to Facilitate Biofortification of Indian Cauliflower.
Genetic Mapping of the Incompatibility Locus in Olive and Development of a Linked Sequence-Tagged Site Marker.
ASR Enhances Environmental Stress Tolerance and Improves Grain Yield by Modulating Stomatal Closure in Rice.
Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase Promotes Oxidative Burst, Stomatal Closure and Plant Immunity in Bacterial Invasion.
Soybean Stem Canker Caused by Diaporthe caulivora; Pathogen Diversity, Colonization Process, and Plant Defense Activation.
Silicon Confers Soybean Resistance to Salinity Stress Through Regulation of Reactive Oxygen and Reactive Nitrogen Species.
Epigenetic Footprints of CRISPR/Cas9-Mediated Genome Editing in Plants.
Enhanced Production of D-Lactate in Cyanobacteria by Re-Routing Photosynthetic Cyclic and Pseudo-Cyclic Electron Flow.
Autophagy Protects Against Developing Increased Lung Permeability and Hypoxemia by Down Regulating Inflammasome Activity and IL-1beta in LPS Plus Mechanical Ventilation-Induced Acute Lung Injury.
Murine Gut Microbiome Association With APOE Alleles.
Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients, Both Newly Diagnosed and Methotrexate Treated, Show More DNA Methylation Differences in CD4+ Memory Than in CD4+ Naive T Cells.
The Methyl-CpG-Binding Protein Mbd2 Regulates Susceptibility to Experimental Colitis via Control of CD11c+ Cells and Colonic Epithelium.
Interleukin-27 Enforces Regulatory T Cell Functions to Prevent Graft-versus-Host Disease.
A Systematic Investigation on Complement Pathway Activation in Diabetic Retinopathy.
An Anti-inflammatory microRNA Signature Distinguishes Group 3 Innate Lymphoid Cells From Natural Killer Cells in Human Decidua.
Feed, Microbiota, and Gut Immunity: Using the Zebrafish Model to Understand Fish Health.
Evolutionary Origin of the P2X7 C-ter Region: Capture of an Ancient Ballast Domain by a P2X4-Like Gene in Ancient Jawed Vertebrates.
Alterations in T and B Cell Receptor Repertoires Patterns in Patients With IL10 Signaling Defects and History of Infantile-Onset IBD.
Cervical Gene Delivery of the Antimicrobial Peptide, Human beta-Defensin (HBD)-3, in a Mouse Model of Ascending Infection-Related Preterm Birth.
Cell-Mediated Immune Responses to in vivo-Expressed and Stage-Specific Mycobacterium tuberculosis Antigens in Latent and Active Tuberculosis Across Different Age Groups.
CAR T Cells Redirected to CD44v6 Control Tumor Growth in Lung and Ovary Adenocarcinoma Bearing Mice.
The TRPM2 Ion Channel Regulates Inflammatory Functions of Neutrophils During Listeria monocytogenes Infection.
Citrullination Alters the Antiviral and Immunomodulatory Activities of the Human Cathelicidin LL-37 During Rhinovirus Infection.
Transcriptomic Features of T Cell-Barren Tumors Are Conserved Across Diverse Tumor Types.
Activation of the Kynurenine Pathway in Human Malignancies Can Be Suppressed by the Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Inhibitor Dinaciclib.
Short-Chain Alcohols Upregulate GILZ Gene Expression and Attenuate LPS-Induced Septic Immune Response.
NS5 Conservative Site Is Required for Zika Virus to Restrict the RIG-I Signaling.
Uncovering Low-Level Maternal Gonosomal Mosaicism in X-Linked Agammaglobulinemia: Implications for Genetic Counseling.
Identification of 67 Pleiotropic Genes Associated With Seven Autoimmune/Autoinflammatory Diseases Using Multivariate Statistical Analysis.
Computational Prediction and Validation of Tumor-Associated Neoantigens.
Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association and Gene Expression Studies Implicates Donor T Cell Function and Cytokine Pathways in Acute GvHD.
Dissection of the Human T-Cell Receptor gamma Gene Repertoire in the Brain and Peripheral Blood Identifies Age- and Alzheimer \' s Disease-Associated Clonotype Profiles.
Characteristics of Plasmablast Repertoire in Chronically HIV-Infected Individuals for Immunoglobulin H and L Chain Profiled by Single-Cell Analysis.
Recombinant DnaK Orally Administered Protects Axenic European Sea Bass Against Vibriosis.
CEACAM3-A Prim(at)e Invention for Opsonin-Independent Phagocytosis of Bacteria.
Crucial Involvement of IL-6 in Thrombus Resolution in Mice via Macrophage Recruitment and the Induction of Proteolytic Enzymes.
Molecular Mechanisms Controlling Foxp3 Expression in Health and Autoimmunity: From Epigenetic to Post-translational Regulation.
High Cytotoxic Efficiency of Lentivirally and Alpharetrovirally Engineered CD19-Specific Chimeric Antigen Receptor Natural Killer Cells Against Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Corrigendum: Efficient Capsid Antigen Presentation From Adeno-Associated Virus Empty Virions In Vivo.
Detection of Methicillin Resistance in Staphylococcus aureus From Agar Cultures and Directly From Positive Blood Cultures Using MALDI-TOF Mass Spectrometry-Based Direct-on-Target Microdroplet Growth Assay.
The pH-Responsive Transcription Factor PacC Governs Pathogenicity and Ochratoxin A Biosynthesis in Aspergillus carbonarius.
Community Composition, Antifungal Activity and Chemical Analyses of Ant-Derived Actinobacteria.
Exploring Rain as Source of Biological Control Agents for Fire Blight on Apple.
Radezolid Is More Effective Than Linezolid Against Planktonic Cells and Inhibits Enterococcus faecalis Biofilm Formation.
Coexistence of Two bla NDM- 5 Genes Carried on IncX3 and IncFII Plasmids in an Escherichia coli Isolate Revealed by Illumina and Nanopore Sequencing.
Novel Bacteriophages Capable of Disrupting Biofilms From Clinical Strains of Aeromonas hydrophila.
Host Transcriptional Response of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum Induced by the Mycoparasite Coniothyrium minitans.
Synthesis, Regulation and Degradation of Carotenoids Under Low Level UV-B Radiation in the Filamentous Cyanobacterium Chlorogloeopsis fritschii PCC 6912.
Distinct Assembly Mechanisms Underlie Similar Biogeographic Patterns of Rare and Abundant Bacterioplankton in Cascade Reservoirs of a Large River.
Enterococcus faecalis Adapts to Antimicrobial Conjugated Oligoelectrolytes by Lipid Rearrangement and Differential Expression of Membrane Stress Response Genes.
Ecological Differentiation in Two Major Freshwater Bacterial Taxa Along Environmental Gradients.
HTLV-1 Infection and Rheumatic Diseases.
The Epipeptide YydF Intrinsically Triggers the Cell Envelope Stress Response of Bacillus subtilis and Causes Severe Membrane Perturbations.
A Moraxella Virulence Factor Catalyzes an Essential Esterase Reaction of Biotin Biosynthesis.
Transcriptome Analysis Reveals New Insight of Fowl Adenovirus Serotype 4 Infection.
High Levels of miR-483-3p Are Present in Serum Exosomes Upon Infection of Mice With Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza Virus.
High Efficacy of the Volatile Organic Compounds of Streptomyces yanglinensis 3-10 in Suppression of Aspergillus Contamination on Peanut Kernels.
Functional Division Between the RecA1 and RecA2 Proteins in Myxococcus xanthus.
The Rare Sugar Tagatose Differentially Inhibits the Growth of Phytophthora infestans and Phytophthora cinnamomi by Interfering With Mitochondrial Processes.
Pneumocystis jirovecii Diversity in Reunion, an Overseas French Island in Indian Ocean.
One Step Ahead: Herpesviruses Light the Way to Understanding Interferon-Stimulated Genes (ISGs).
Osmoregulated Periplasmic Glucans Transmit External Signals Through Rcs Phosphorelay Pathway in Yersinia enterocolitica.
Retrospective Screening and Analysis of mcr-1 and bla NDM in Gram-Negative Bacteria in China, 2010-2019.
The 58th Cysteine of TcpP Is Essential for Vibrio cholerae Virulence Factor Production and Pathogenesis.
YjbH Solubility Controls Spx in Staphylococcus aureus: Implication for MazEF Toxin-Antitoxin System Regulation.
Characterization, Expression Profiling, and Functional Analysis of PtDef, a Defensin-Encoding Gene From Populus trichocarpa.
NarAB Is an ABC-Type Transporter That Confers Resistance to the Polyether Ionophores Narasin, Salinomycin, and Maduramicin, but Not Monensin.
Genetic Diversity and Azole Fungicide Sensitivity in Pseudocercospora musae Field Populations in Brazil.
Consistency of Targeted Metatranscriptomics and Morphological Characterization of Phytoplankton Communities.
Molecular and Biochemical Characterization of YeeF/YezG, a Polymorphic Toxin-Immunity Protein Pair From Bacillus subtilis.
Copper and Melanin Play a Role in Myxococcus xanthus Predation on Sinorhizobium meliloti.
Isolation, Characterization, and Complete Genome Sequence of a Bradyrhizobium Strain Lb8 From Nodules of Peanut Utilizing Crack Entry Infection.
Bacillus subtilis RarA Acts as a Positive RecA Accessory Protein.
Gastric Damage and Cancer-Associated Biomarkers in Helicobacter pylori-Infected Children.
Molecular Basis of Growth Inhibition by Acetate of an Adenylate Cyclase-Deficient Mutant of Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Development of a Novel mcr-6 to mcr-9 Multiplex PCR and Assessment of mcr-1 to mcr-9 Occurrence in Colistin-Resistant Salmonella enterica Isolates From Environment, Feed, Animals and Food (2011-2018) in Germany.
Extremophilic Natrinema versiforme Against Pseudomonas aeruginosa Quorum Sensing and Biofilm.
Resistome in Lake Bolonha, Brazilian Amazon: Identification of Genes Related to Resistance to Broad-Spectrum Antibiotics.
Fifteen-Year Application of Manure and Chemical Fertilizers Differently Impacts Soil ARGs and Microbial Community Structure.
sraX: A Novel Comprehensive Resistome Analysis Tool.
Chronic Sublethal Aluminum Exposure and Avena fatua Caryopsis Colonization Influence Gene Expression of Fusarium avenaceum F.a.1.
Potential Elimination of Human Gut Resistome by Exploiting the Benefits of Functional Foods.
Evaluation of Machine Learning Models for Predicting Antimicrobial Resistance of Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae From Whole Genome Sequences.
Comparative Insights Into the Complete Genome Sequence of Highly Metal Resistant Cupriavidus metallidurans Strain BS1 Isolated From a Gold-Copper Mine.
Comparison of Gut Microbiota Between Golden and Brown Noble Scallop Chlamys nobilis and Its Association With Carotenoids.
Subinhibitory Concentrations of Fusidic Acid May Reduce the Virulence of S. aureus by Down-Regulating sarA and saeRS to Reduce Biofilm Formation and alpha-Toxin Expression.
The E3 Ubiquitin Ligase SIAH1 Targets MyD88 for Proteasomal Degradation During Dengue Virus Infection.
Characterization of Acinetobacter baumannii Copper Resistance Reveals a Role in Virulence.
Ectopic Expression of Rv0023 Mediates Isoniazid/Ethionamide Tolerance via Altering NADH/NAD+ Levels in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Genomic Insights Into Sugar Adaptation in an Extremophile Yeast Zygosaccharomyces rouxii.
Genomic Analysis of Putative Virulence Factors Affecting Cytotoxicity of Cronobacter.
An in situ-Synthesized Gene Chip for the Detection of Food-Borne Pathogens on Fresh-Cut Cantaloupe and Lettuce.
Associations of Serum Cathepsin K and Polymorphisms in CTSK Gene With Bone Mineral Density and Bone Metabolism Markers in Postmenopausal Chinese Women.
Child Head Circumference and Placental MFSD2a Expression Are Associated to the Level of MFSD2a in Maternal Blood During Pregnancy.
Seviteronel, a Novel CYP17 Lyase Inhibitor and Androgen Receptor Antagonist, Radiosensitizes AR-Positive Triple Negative Breast Cancer Cells.
Radiotherapy in Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva: A Case Report and Systematic Review of the Literature.
Why and How Imprinted Genes Drive Fetal Programming.
High Fidelity of Mouse Models Mimicking Human Genetic Skeletal Disorders.
Management of Osteogenesis Imperfecta.
Endocannabinoid Modulation of Microglial Phenotypes in Neuropathology.
Myotonic Myopathy With Secondary Joint and Skeletal Anomalies From the c.2386C&gt;G, p.L769V Mutation in SCN4A.
Defective Gating and Proteostasis of Human ClC-1 Chloride Channel: Molecular Pathophysiology of Myotonia Congenita.
A Novel CCM2 Gene Mutation Associated With Cerebral Cavernous Malformation.
CLCN1 Molecular Characterization in 19 South-Italian Patients With Dominant and Recessive Type of Myotonia Congenita.
The Need for SMN-Independent Treatments of Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) to Complement SMN-Enhancing Drugs.
Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia and Intellectual Disability: Clinicogenetic Lessons From a Family Suggesting a Dual Genetics Diagnosis.
Top Common Differentially Expressed Genes in the Epileptogenic Nucleus of Two Strains of Rodents Susceptible to Audiogenic Seizures: WAR and GASH/Sal.
C2H2-Type Zinc Finger Proteins in Brain Development, Neurodevelopmental, and Other Neuropsychiatric Disorders: Systematic Literature-Based Analysis.
Corrigendum: Gene-Related Cerebellar Neurodegeneration in SCA3/MJD: A Case-Controlled Imaging-Genetic Study.
ANO3 Mutations in Chinese Dystonia: A Genetic Screening Study Using Next-Generation Sequencing.
Association Between BDNF Gene Variant Rs6265 and the Severity of Depression in Antidepressant Treatment-Free Depressed Patients.
LPS Modulates the Expression of Iron-Related Immune Genes in Two Antarctic Notothenoids.
Intracellular Chloride Channels: Novel Biomarkers in Diseases.
Stress Memory of Recurrent Environmental Challenges in Marine Invasive Species: Ciona robusta as a Case Study.
Tuft Cell Formation Reflects Epithelial Plasticity in Pancreatic Injury: Implications for Modeling Human Pancreatitis.
JAK2 Mediates the Regulation of Pept1 Expression by Leptin in the Grass Carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) Intestine.
Maternal Inulin Supplementation Alters Hepatic DNA Methylation Profile and Improves Glucose Metabolism in Offspring Mice.
Editorial: Entering the RNA Wonderland: Opportunities and Challenges for RNA Therapeutics in the Cardiovascular System.
Destroy to Rebuild: The Connection Between Bone Tissue Remodeling and Matrix Metalloproteinases.
Distinct Cell Types With the Bitter Receptor Tas2r126 in Different Compartments of the Stomach.
Genetic and Epigenetic Characterization of Pulpal and Periapical Inflammation.
Compliant Titin Isoform Content Is Reduced in Left Ventricles of Sedentary Versus Active Rats.
Immune Responses of the Critically Endangered Yangtze Finless Porpoises (Neophocaena asiaeorientalis ssp. asiaeorientalis) to Escalating Anthropogenic Stressors in the Wild and Seminatural Environments.
Neutrophil-Related Oxidants Drive Heart and Brain Remodeling After Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury.
Clonal Selection of a Novel Deleterious TP53 Somatic Mutation Discovered in ctDNA of a KIT/PDGFRA Wild-Type Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor Resistant to Imatinib.
Evaluation of the Developmental Toxicity Induced by E804 in Zebrafish Embryos.
Cyp2j5-Gene Deletion Affects on Acetylcholine and Adenosine-Induced Relaxation in Mice: Role of Angiotensin-II and CYP-Epoxygenase Inhibitor.
MicroRNA-96 Promotes Vascular Repair in Oxygen-Induced Retinopathy-A Novel Uncovered Vasoprotective Function.
Corilagin Alleviates Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in High-Fat Diet-Induced C57BL/6 Mice by Ameliorating Oxidative Stress and Restoring Autophagic Flux.
Alpha-Glucosidase Inhibitors Alter Gut Microbiota and Ameliorate Collagen-Induced Arthritis.
Progress in Genetic Polymorphisms Related to Lipid Disturbances Induced by Atypical Antipsychotic Drugs.
Micro-Particle Image Velocimetry Investigation of Flow Fields of SonoVue Microbubbles Mediated by Ultrasound and Their Relationship With Delivery.
Role of TG2-Mediated SERCA2 Serotonylation on Hypoxic Pulmonary Vein Remodeling.
Corrigendum: Genotype-Phenotype Association Analysis Reveals New Pathogenic Factors for Osteogenesis Imperfecta Disease.
Protective Effect of Bruguiera gymnorrhiza (L.) Lam. Fruit on Dextran Sulfate Sodium-Induced Ulcerative Colitis in Mice: Role of Keap1/Nrf2 Pathway and Gut Microbiota.
Genetic Association of FERMT2, HLA-DRB1, CD2AP, and PTK2B Polymorphisms With Alzheimer \' s Disease Risk in the Southern Chinese Population.
Monosynaptic Tracing Success Depends Critically on Helper Virus Concentrations.
The Relation Between Steroid Secretion Patterns and the Androgen Receptor Gene Polymorphism on Physical Health and Psychological Well-Being-Longitudinal Findings From the Men \' s Health 40+ Study.
Differential Phosphorylation of the Glucocorticoid Receptor in Hippocampal Subregions Induced by Contextual Fear Conditioning Training.
Immune-Endocrine Links to Gregariousness in Wild House Mice.
Conserved Genoarchitecture of the Basal Hypothalamus in Zebrafish Embryos.
Functional and Metabolic Characterization of Microglia Culture in a Defined Medium.
Long Term Gene Expression in Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells and Cerebral Organoids to Model a Neurodegenerative Disease.
Blebbistatin Inhibits Neomycin-Induced Apoptosis in Hair Cell-Like HEI-OC-1 Cells and in Cochlear Hair Cells.
A Topological Cluster of Differentially Regulated Genes in Mice Lacking PER3.
Association of Hypomorphic P2X7 Receptor Genotype With Age.
Laminin and Integrin in LAMA2-Related Congenital Muscular Dystrophy: From Disease to Therapeutics.
Cortical and Striatal Circuits in Huntington \' s Disease.
Identification of Blood Circular RNAs as Potential Biomarkers for Acute Ischemic Stroke.
A Connected Network of Interacting Proteins Is Involved in Human-Tau Toxicity in Drosophila.
The Overlapping Genetics of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and Frontotemporal Dementia.
A Robust Model System for Retinal Hypoxia: Live Imaging of Calcium Dynamics and Gene Expression Studies in Primary Human Mixed Retinal Culture.
A Pan-Cancer and Polygenic Bayesian Hierarchical Model for the Effect of Somatic Mutations on Survival.
Characterization of HIV-1 Integrase Gene and Resistance Associated Mutations Prior to Roll out of Integrase Inhibitors by Kenyan National HIV-Treatment Program in Kenya.
Evaluation of safety and probiotic properties of a strain of Enterococcus faecium isolated from chicken bile.
Nucleofection and In Vivo Propagation of Chicken Eimeria Parasites.
Agrobacterium-Mediated Immature Embryo Transformation of Recalcitrant Maize Inbred Lines Using Morphogenic Genes.
Isolation and Culture of Human Mature Adipocytes Using Membrane Mature Adipocyte Aggregate Cultures (MAAC).
Stable Knockdown of Genes Encoding Extracellular Matrix Proteins in the C2C12 Myoblast Cell Line Using Small-Hairpin (sh)RNA.
A Co-Culture Method to Study Neurite Outgrowth in Response to Dental Pulp Paracrine Signals.
Apolipoprotein E4 Allele and Dental Occlusion Deficiency as Risk Factors for Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Assessment of anti-cancer effects of koenimbine on colon cancer cells.
Construction and development of FimH lectin domain for rising immune response after injection by uropathogenic E. coli.
Surface modification of superparamagnetic iron oxide (SPION) and comparison of cytotoxicity effect of mPEG2000-PEI-SPION and mPEG750-PEI-SPION on the human embryonic carcinoma stem cell, NTERA2 cell line.
Identification of hub genes and pathways in cholangiocarcinoma by coexpression analysis.
Modulating Pluripotency Network Genes with Omega-3 DHA is Followed by Caspase-3 Activation and Apoptosis in DNA Mismatch Repair-Deficient/KRAS-Mutant Colorectal Cancer Stem Like-Cells.
Cryptotanshinone Suppresses Liver Fibrosis by Attenuating Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition through Targeting Hedgehog Pathway.
Increased NID1 Expression among Breast Cancer Lung Metastatic Women; A Comparative Analysis between Naive and Treated Cases.
An investigation of the mechanism of rapid relief of ulcerative colitis induced by Five-Flavor Sophora flavescens Enteric-Coated Capsules based on network pharmacology.
Identification of novel mobile colistin resistance gene mcr-10.
GR-mediated FTO transactivation induces lipid accumulation in hepatocytes via demethylation of m6A on lipogenic mRNAs.
Chronic exposure to environmentally relevant levels of simvastatin disrupts zebrafish brain gene signaling involved in energy metabolism.
Isolation and initial structure-functional characterization of endogenous tRNA-derived stress-induced RNAs.
A ROD9 island encoded gene in Salmonella Enteritidis plays an important role in acid tolerance response and helps in systemic infection in mice.
The zinc finger domains in U2AF26 and U2AF35 have diverse functionalities including a role in controlling translation.
Transcriptomic and exometabolomic profiling reveals antagonistic and defensive modes of Clonostachys rosea action against Fusarium graminearum.
Fetal ovine skeletal and cardiac muscle transcriptomics are differentially altered by increased maternal cortisol during gestation.
The proppin Bcas3 and its interactor KinkyA localize to the early phagophore and regulate autophagy.
Metabolism and disposition of corylifol A from Psoralea corylifolia: metabolite mapping, isozyme contribution, species differences, and identification of efflux transporters for corylifol A-O-glucuronide in HeLa1A1 cells.
Effect of Class Switch Recombination Defect on the Phenotype of Ataxia-Telangiectasia Patients.
A comprehensive overview and safety evaluation of fremanezumab as a preventive therapy for migraine.
Bioengineered smart bacterial carriers for combinational targeted therapy of solid tumors.
Unraveling the transcriptional determinants of Liver Sinusoidal Endothelial Cell specialization.
Gene Knockout of the Na-Glucose Cotransporter SGLT2 in a Murine Model of Acute Kidney Injury Induced by Ischemia-Reperfusion.
The effect of maternal sleep deprivation on differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells in the presence of neonates brain cerebrospinal fluid of Wistar rats.
MicroRNAs expression profiles as biomarkers and therapeutic tools in Turkish patients with chronic myeloid leukemia.
Quantitation of DNA Adducts of Aristolochic Acids in Repair-Deficient Cells: A Mechanistic Study of the DNA Repair Mechanism.
[Experimental study on the inhibition of Formononetin on the differentiation of osteoclasts induced by RANKL].
Preliminary study on the role of novel LysR family gene kp05372 in Klebsiella pneumoniae of forest musk deer.
Salinity tolerance in barley during germination- homologs and potential genes.
Breaking a single hydrogen bond in the mitochondrial tRNAPhe -PheRS complex leads to phenotypic pleiotropy of human disease.
Cytogenetic and molecular diagnostic testing associated with prenatal and postnatal birth defects.
Genetic counseling of high-risk isolated populations: A worldwide challenge.
Characterisation of a novel cold-adapted calcium-activated transglutaminase: implications for medicine and food processing.
Genetic predisposition in acute leukaemia.
Ichthyoses in everyday practice: management of a rare group of diseases.
A metabolomics based molecular pathway analysis for how the SGLT2-inhibitor dapagliflozin may slow kidney function decline in patients with diabetes.
Programmed Death Ligand-1 gene expression is a prognostic marker in early breast cancer and provides additional prognostic value to 21-gene and 70-gene signatures in estrogen receptor-positive disease.
Transcriptome profiling of Ewing sarcomas - treatment resistance pathways and IGF-dependency.
Troxerutin downregulates C/EBP-beta gene expression via modulating the IFNgamma-ERK1/2 signaling pathway to ameliorate rotenone-induced retinal neurodegeneration.
Significant, replicable, and functional associations between KTN1 variants and alcohol and drug codependence.
Identification of fusidic acid resistance in clinical isolates of Staphylococcus pseudintermedius from dogs in Korea.
Production of novel beneficial alleles of a rice yield-related QTL by CRISPR/Cas9.
Transcriptome-wide association study of breast cancer risk by estrogen-receptor status.
Evidence for Zoonotic Potential of Enterocytozoon bieneusi in Its First Molecular Characterization in Captive Mammals at Bangladesh National Zoo.
Identification of functional circRNA/miRNA/mRNA regulatory network for exploring prospective therapy strategy of colorectal cancer.
Functions of beta2-adrenergic receptor in human periodontal ligament cells.
Prolyl-hydroxyproline, a collagen-derived dipeptide, enhances hippocampal cell proliferation, which leads to antidepressant-like effects in mice.
Transcriptome-wide study of the response of human trabecular meshwork cells to the substrate stiffness increase.
A plant-specific SWR1 chromatin-remodeling complex couples histone H2A.Z deposition with nucleosome sliding.
HIV-1 Genetic Diversity and Transmitted Drug Resistance among Newly Diagnosed HIV-1 Individuals in Jiangmen, China.
Differentiated thyroid cancer and Hashimoto thyroiditis: Utility of the Afirma gene expression classifier.
Characterization of a PLDzeta2 Homology Gene from Developing Castor Bean Endosperm.
Molecular and tissue mechanisms of catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia.
Mapping the TYR gene reveals novel and previously reported variants in Eastern Indian patients highlighting preponderance of the same changes in multiple unrelated ethnicities.
Genetic relationships and polyploid origins in the Lippia alba complex.
Gastrointestinal toxicity during induction treatment for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: the impact of the gut microbiota.
Presence of mother prompts dissociation of sickness behavior, fever, and hypothalamic gene expression in lipopolysaccharide-injected guinea pig pups.
In silico analysis of a novel causative mutation in Cadherin23 gene identified in an Omani family with hearing loss.
Circulating let-7g-5p and miR-191-5p are independent predictors of chronic kidney disease in hypertensive patients.
Whole-genome analyses identify loci and selective signals associated with body size in cattle.
Mutations in long-lived epithelial stem cells and their clonal progeny in pre-malignant lesions and in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Agmatine-grafted bioreducible poly(l-lysine) for gene delivery with low cytotoxicity and high efficiency.
The lysine methyltransferase SMYD2 is required for normal lymphocyte development and survival of hematopoietic leukemias.
XCL1 expression correlates with CD8-positive T cells infiltration and PD-L1 expression in squamous cell carcinoma arising from mature cystic teratoma of the ovary.
ZBTB7A prevents RUNX1-RUNX1T1-dependent clonal expansion of human hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells.
[Brain and Neuronal Aging: Aged Brain Controls via Gene Expression Fidelity and Master Regulatory Factors].
[Metabolic Alteration in Aging Process: Metabolic Remodeling in White Adipose Tissue by Caloric Restriction].
[Development of Vaccines with Self-assembled Carriers That Deliver Drugs to Target Organs].
Transgenic mouse model exhibiting weak red fluorescence before and strong green fluorescence after Cre/loxP-mediated recombination.
Molecular Epidemiology of Dengue Viruses Isolated in Shantou city, China, during 2015-2017.
Comparison of Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification, Microscopy, Culture, and PCR for Diagnosis of Pulmonary Tuberculosis.
First draft genome sequence of linezolid and rifampicin resistant Staphylococcus haemolyticus.
ALK2: A Therapeutic Target for Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva and Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma.
Kaempferol Protects Renal Fibrosis through Activating the BMP-7-Smad1/5 Signaling Pathway.
Resveratrol Attenuates Inflammatory Bowel Disease in Mice by Regulating SUMO1.
Drug Repositioning and Target Finding Based on Clinical Evidence.
CD44 Genotypes Are Associated with Susceptibility and Tumor Characteristics in Colorectal Cancer Patients.
Implications of the circadian clock in implant dentistry.
Variants of Lipid-Related Genes in Adult Japanese Patients with Severe Hypertriglyceridemia.
[Expression changes in microRNA in the retina of retinal degenerative diseases].
Gut Microbiota Is Not Involved in the Induction of Acute Phase Protein Expression Caused by Vitamin C Deficiency.
Transcriptome Analysis of the Ammonia-Oxidizing Bacterium Nitrosomonas mobilis Ms1 Reveals Division of Labor between Aggregates and Free-living Cells.
Leukemia stem cell gene expression signatures contribute to acute myeloid leukemia risk stratification.
Cerebral organoid and mouse models reveal a RAB39b-PI3K-mTOR pathway-dependent dysregulation of cortical development leading to macrocephaly/autism phenotypes.
Coordination of germ layer lineage choice by TET1 during primed pluripotency.
Critical roles of phosphoinositides and NF2 in Hippo pathway regulation.
The transcription factor Sp1 modulates RNA polymerase III gene transcription by controlling BRF1 and GTF3C2 expression in human cells.
Clinical and electrophysiological evaluation of myasthenic features in an alpha-dystroglycanopathy cohort (FKRP-predominant).
The ability of a triplex-forming oligonucleotide to recognize T-A and C-G base pairs in a DNA duplex is enhanced by incorporating N-acetyl-2,7-diaminoquinoline.
Developmental origins of health and disease theory in cardiology.
Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia, two new cases with peculiar EEG pattern.
Identification of a potential target for treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue: follistatin.
The protective efficacy of recombinant hypoxic response protein 1 of Nocardia seriolae in largemouth bass (Micropterus salmoides).
Fast chiral and achiral profiling of compounds with multiple chiral centers by a versatile two-dimensional multicolumn liquid chromatography (LC-mLC) approach.
Organ-specific regulation of CHD1 by acute PTEN and p53 loss in mice.
Induced pluripotency and spontaneous reversal of cellular aging in supercentenarian donor cells.
Ethylene negatively mediates self-incompatibility response in Brassica rapa.
The profiling of amino acids in crop milk and plasma and mRNA abundance of amino acid transporters and enzymes related to amino acid synthesis in the crop tissue of male and female pigeons during incubation and chick-rearing periods.
Effects of nicotinamide and sodium butyrate on meat quality and muscle ubiquitination degradation genes in broilers reared at a high stocking density.
Expression of lysine-mediated neuropeptide hormones controlling satiety and appetite in broiler chickens.
Research Note: Correlation analysis of interleukin-6, interleukin-8, and C-C motif chemokine ligand 2 gene expression in chicken spleen and cecal tissues after Eimeria tenella infection in vivo.
Co-infection with avian hepatitis E virus and avian leukosis virus subgroup J as the cause of an outbreak of hepatitis and liver hemorrhagic syndromes in a brown layer chicken flock in China.
Supplementing conjugated and non-conjugated L-methionine and acetate alters expression patterns of CSN2, proteins and metabolites related to protein synthesis in bovine mammary cells.
Genome-wide association study for buffalo mammary gland morphology.
New perspectives on Nephridiacanthus major (Acanthocephala: Oligacanthorhynchidae) collected from hedgehogs in Iran.
Insights from new cestodes of the crocodile shark, Pseudocarcharias kamoharai (Lamniformes: Pseudocarchariidae), prompt expansion of Scyphyophyllidum and formal synonymization of seven phyllobothriidean genera - at last!
Epigenome-wide meta-analysis of blood DNA methylation in newborns and children identifies numerous loci related to gestational age.
Contrasting resistance patterns to type I and II pyrethroids in two major arbovirus vectors Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in the Republic of the Congo, Central Africa.
Epigenetic regulation of epithelial-mesenchymal transition: focusing on hypoxia and TGF-beta signaling.
Production and Purification of Bioflocculants from Newly Isolated Bacterial Species: A Comparative Decolourization Study of Cationic and Anionic Textile Dyes.
MicroRNA-98 is a prognostic factor for asbestos-induced mesothelioma.
Evaluation of seeds ethanolic extracts of Triplaris gardneriana Wedd. using in vitro and in vivo toxicological methods.
Poly(cis-1,4-isoprene)-cleavage enzymes from natural rubber-utilizing bacteria.
MiR-140 inhibits classical swine fever virus replication by targeting Rab25 in swine umbilical vein endothelial cells.
Aberrant hydroxymethylation of ANGPTL4 is associated with selective intrauterine growth restriction in monochorionic twin pregnancies.
A Dysregulated DNA Methylation Landscape Linked to Gene Expression in MLL-Rearranged AML.
Genetic, Cellular, and Molecular Heterogeneity in Adrenals With Aldosterone-Producing Adenoma.
Evidence from Family Studies for Autoimmunity in Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Cardiomyopathy: Associations of Circulating Anti-Heart and Anti-Intercalated Disk Autoantibodies with Disease Severity and Family History.
Association of cannabinoid receptor genes (CNR1 and CNR2) polymorphisms and panic disorder.
Bridging the gap between theory and practice in elucidating modular gene regulatory sequence organisation within genomes.
Estrogen Promotes cAMP Production in Mesenchymal Stem Cells by Regulating ADCY2.
miR-450a-5p Eliminates MGO-Induced Insulin Resistance via Targeting CREB.
Effect of Stem Cells, Ascorbic Acid and SERCA1a Gene Transfected Stem Cells in Experimentally Induced Type I Diabetic Myopathy.
Raman-activated sorting of antibiotic-resistant bacteria in human gut microbiota.
Population structure and adaptation of a bacterial pathogen in California grapevines.
Farm animals and aquaculture: significant reservoirs of mobile colistin resistance genes.
Planococcus lenghuensis sp. nov., an oil-degrading bacterium isolated from petroleum-contaminated soil.
Metabolomic change and pathway profiling reveal enhanced ansamitocin P-3 production in Actinosynnema pretiosum with low organic nitrogen availability in culture medium.
Effect of VIB Gene on Cellulase Production of Trichoderma orientalis EU7-22.
Analysis of pituitary transcriptomics indicates that lncRNAs are involved in the regulation of sheep estrus.
Genetic determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study in two independent populations.
An improved protocol for stable and efficient culturing of chicken primordial germ cells using small-molecule inhibitors.
Association of Paraoxonase 1 Gene Polymorphisms and Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome Susceptibility: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Effects of selenium, zinc, insulin and metallothionein on cadmium-induced oxidative stress and metallothionein gene expression levels in diabetic rats.
The effects of follicle-stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR) -29 and Ser680Asn polymorphisms in IVF/ICSI.
Molecular variations in uterine carcinosarcomas identify therapeutic opportunities.
Rare genetic variants in interleukin-37 link this anti-inflammatory cytokine to the pathogenesis and treatment of gout.
Elevated EPSTI1 promote B cell hyperactivation through NF-kappaB signalling in patients with primary Sjogren \' s syndrome.
Ontogeny and cross species comparison of pathways involved in drug absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion in neonates (Review): KIDNEY.
Circadian clock-controlled drug metabolism: Implications for chronotherapeutics.
Hepatitis B protein HBx binds the DLEU2 lncRNA to sustain cccDNA and host cancer-related gene transcription.
Efficient acute and chronic infection of stem cell-derived hepatocytes by hepatitis C virus.
Glucose homeostasis is impaired in mice deficient in the neuropeptide 26RFa (QRFP).
Role of the DNA repair genes H2AX and HMGB1 in human fat distribution and lipid profiles.
Influence of KCNJ11 gene polymorphism in T2DM of south Indian population.
In vitro strategies to enhance oocyte developmental competence.
Structural and strategic landscape of PIKK protein family and their inhibitors: an overview.
Association of N6-methyladenosine with viruses and virally induced diseases.
Inhibition of p-mTOR represses transcription of PS1 and Notch 1-signaling.
Epigenetic alterations in cancer.
The role of exosomes in the promotion of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and metastasis.
The synthesis of strigolactone is affected by endogenous ascorbic acid in transgenic rice for l-galactono-1, 4-lactone dehydrogenase suppressed or overexpressing.
TaHsfA2-1, a new gene for thermotolerance in wheat seedlings: Characterization and functional roles.
Vestitol drives LPS-activated macrophages into M2 phenotype through modulation of NF-kappaB pathway.
Dysregulation of the oxytocin receptor gene in Williams syndrome.
Vineyard calcium sprays induce changes in grape berry skin, firmness, cell wall composition and expression of cell wall-related genes.
Pathways towards human immunodeficiency virus elimination.
Systematic identification of CDC34 that functions to stabilize EGFR and promote lung carcinogenesis.
Single-cell transcriptomics of blood reveals a natural killer cell subset depletion in tuberculosis.
Complex human adenoid tissue-based ex vivo culture systems reveal anti-inflammatory drug effects on germinal center T and B cells.
FGFR1 and FGFR4 oncogenicity depends on n-cadherin and their co-expression may predict FGFR-targeted therapy efficacy.
Autophagy in endothelial cells regulates their haematopoiesis-supporting ability.
ZHX2 restricts hepatocellular carcinoma by suppressing stem cell-like traits through KDM2A-mediated H3K36 demethylation.
Rapid, Inexpensive Measurement of Synthetic Bacterial Community Composition by Sanger Sequencing of Amplicon Mixtures.
Tet1 Deficiency Leads to Premature Reproductive Aging by Reducing Spermatogonia Stem Cells and Germ Cell Differentiation.
Transcriptomic analysis of PhoR reveals its role in regulation of swarming motility and T3SS expression in Vibrio parahaemolyticus.
Gut microbiota of Tibetans and Tibetan pigs varies between high and low altitude environments.
Molecular imprints of plant beneficial Streptomyces sp. AC30 and AC40 reveal differential capabilities and strategies to counter environmental stresses.
Huang-Qi San improves glucose and lipid metabolism and exerts protective effects against hepatic steatosis in high fat diet-fed rats.
Particulate matter (PM10) induces cardiovascular developmental toxicity in zebrafish embryos and larvae via the ERS, Nrf2 and Wnt pathways.
Analysis of testis metabolome and transcriptome from the oriental river prawn (Macrobrachium nipponense) in response to different temperatures and illumination times.
Deiminated proteins and extracellular vesicles - Novel serum biomarkers in whales and orca.
Melatonin and calcium act synergistically to enhance the coproduction of astaxanthin and lipids in Haematococcus pluvialis under nitrogen deficiency and high light conditions.
Developing Clostridium diolis as a biorefinery chassis by genetic manipulation.
Metabolic flux and functional potential of microbial community in an acidogenic dynamic membrane bioreactor.
An induced pluripotent stem cell line (TRNDi001-D) from a Niemann-Pick disease type C1 (NPC1) patient carrying a homozygous p. I1061T (c. 3182T&gt;C) mutation in the NPC1 gene.
A novel SOS1-ALK fusion variant in a patient with metastatic lung adenocarcinoma and a remarkable response to crizotinib.
A novel BSA immobilizing manner on modified titanium surface ameliorates osteoblast performance.
Association of tumor genomic factors and efficacy for metastasis-directed stereotactic body radiotherapy for oligometastatic colorectal cancer.
Cunea russae n. sp. (Amoebozoa, Dactylopodida), another cryptic species of Cunea Kudryavtsev and Pawlowski, 2015, inhabits a continental brackish-water biotope.
Pollen germination is impaired by disruption of a Shaker K+ channel OsAKT1.2 in rice.
Identification and molecular characterization of CD4 genes in brown trout (Salmo trutta).
Selected cytokine expression in dogs with alergic conjunctivitis: Correlation with disease activity.
Medroxyprogesterone acetate affects eye growth and the transcription of associated genes in zebrafish.
Ultrasonic coupled bioleaching pretreatment for enhancing sewage sludge dewatering: Simultaneously mitigating antibiotic resistant genes and changing microbial communities.
Comparative transcriptomics reveals colony formation mechanism of a harmful algal bloom species Phaeocystis globosa.
Negative effects of the simulated nitrogen deposition on plant phenolic metabolism: A meta-analysis.
Perturbation of the lipid metabolism and intestinal inflammation in growing pigs with low birth weight is associated with the alterations of gut microbiota.
Bacterial diversity and functional profile of microbial populations on surfaces in public hospital environments in South Africa: A high throughput metagenomic analysis.
A clinically important, plasmid-borne antibiotic resistance gene (beta-lactamase TEM-116) present in desert soils.
Membrane fusion FerA domains enhance adeno-associated virus vector transduction.
Comparison of different samples for 2019 novel coronavirus detection by nucleic acid amplification tests.
Machine learning as a tool to design glasses with controlled dissolution for healthcare applications.
Targeted mutagenesis using CRISPR-Cas9 in the chelicerate herbivore Tetranychus urticae.
A platform for context-specific genetic engineering of recombinant protein production by CHO cells.
Are males and females of Populus cathayana differentially sensitive to Cd stress?
Tetrastigma hemsleyanum leaves extract against acrylamide-induced toxicity in HepG2 cells and Caenorhabditis elegans.
Influence of epiphytic bacteria on arsenic metabolism in Hydrilla verticillata.
Inhibition of profibrotic signalling enhances the 5-azacytidine-induced reprogramming of fibroblasts into cardiomyocytes.
The voltage-gated sodium channel inhibitor, 4,9-anhydrotetrodotoxin, blocks human Nav1.1 in addition to Nav1.6.
Expression, purification, and characterization of recombinant apoPholasin.
Activation of the notch signaling pathway and cellular localization of notch signaling molecules in the spinal cord of SOD1-G93A ALS model mice.
Hyperbranched poly(beta-amino ester) based polyplex nanopaticles for delivery of CRISPR/Cas9 system and treatment of HPV infection associated cervical cancer.
SURVEILLANCE OF SALMONELLA SPECIES IN THE ENVIRONMENT OF PUBLIC HOSPITALS IN KWAZULU-NATAL, SOUTH AFRICA.
Donepezil, a cholinesterase inhibitor used in Alzheimer \' s disease therapy, is actively exported out of the brain by abcb1ab p-glycoproteins in mice.
Chia oil induces browning of white adipose tissue in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Analysis of Western diet, palmitate and BMAL1 regulation of neuropeptide Y expression in the murine hypothalamus and BMAL1 knockout cell models.
Circulating microRNAs as biomarkers in cancer diagnosis.
The temporal effect of hippocampal Arc in the working memory paradigm during novelty exploration.
Novel CCM1 (KRIT1) mutation detection in Brazilian familial Cerebral cavernous malformation: Different genetic variants in inflammation, oxidative stress and drug metabolism genes affect disease aggressiveness.
TOPORS, a tumor suppressor protein, contributes to the maintenance of higher-order chromatin architecture.
Nuclear accumulation of MKL1 in luminal breast cancer cells impairs genomic activity of ERalpha and is associated with endocrine resistance.
Dissecting the in vivo dynamics of transcription locking due to positive supercoiling buildup.
Noncoding RNAs in control of gene expression.
ASSESSING THE UNIFIED AIRWAY HYPOTHESIS IN CHILDREN VIA TRANSCRIPTIONAL PROFILING OF THE AIRWAY EPITHELIUM.
Flow Function Of Pharmaceutical Powders At Low Stress Conditions Can Be Inferred Using A Simple Flow-Through-Orifice Device.
Characterization of the effects of calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonist for Alzheimer \' s disease.
Xlr4 as a new candidate gene underlying vulnerability to cocaine effects.
Nanotechnology approaches in the current therapy of skin cancer.
Transcriptome analysis of near-isogenic lines for glume hairiness of wheat.
Effects of the sulfated polysaccharide ulvan from Ulva ohnoi on the modulation of the immune response in Senegalese sole (Solea senegalensis).
Independent validation of early-stage NSCLC prognostic scores incorporating epigenetic and transcriptional biomarkers with gene-gene interactions and main effects.
Talin1 regulates the endometrial epithelial cell adhesive capacity by interacting with LASP1 and Vitronectin.
IL-6/STAT3 mediates the HPV18 E6/E7 stimulated upregulation of MALAT1 gene in cervical cancer HeLa cells.
Colorectal family polyadenomatous diseases. What management in 2019?
Cytodiagnosis and protein typing of amyloid from a vitreous washing: initial diagnostic workup of hereditary amyloidosis.
The urokinase-type plasminogen activator and inhibitors in resectable lung adenocarcinoma.
Very High Frequency of LDLR Gene Mutation p.asp360His Causing Familial Hypercholesterolemia in a Mexican Community in the state of Puebla.
Genetic and genomic analysis of long insemination interval in Israeli dairy cattle as an indicator of early abortions.
Multiplex loop-mediated isothermal amplification-based lateral flow dipstick for simultaneous detection of 3 food-borne pathogens in powdered infant formula.
Prevalence, molecular characterization, and antibiotic susceptibility of Bacillus cereus isolated from dairy products in China.
Calcium propionate supplementation alters the ruminal bacterial and archaeal communities in pre- and postweaning calves.
Decreased amylolytic microbes of the hindgut and increased blood glucose implied improved starch utilization in the small intestine by using rumen-protected leucine in dairy calves.
Short communication: Virulence profiles of Staphylococcus aureus isolated from bulk tank milk and adherences on milking equipment on Chilean dairy farms.
Commentary: How to "spot" a leopard: It \' s in the genes.
Update on bradykinin-mediated angioedema in 2020.
Role of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in methotrexate-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition in alveolar epithelial A549 cells.
Low DEDD expression in breast cancer cells indicates higher sensitivity to the Bcl-2-specific inhibitor ABT-199.
Thr420 and Ser454 of ZmCCaMK play a crucial role in brassinosteroid-induced antioxidant defense in maize.
SPTB related spherocytosis in a three-generation family presenting with kidney failure in adulthood due to co-occurrence of UMOD disease causing variant.
Haploinsufficiency of Casitas B-Lineage Lymphoma Augments the Progression of Colon Cancer in the Background of Adenomatous Polyposis Coli Inactivation.
Assessment of a poly-epitope candidate vaccine against Hepatitis B, C, and poliovirus in interaction with monocyte-derived dendritic cells: An ex-vivo study.
The B7-H4 gene induces immune escape partly via upregulating the PD-1/Stat3 pathway in non-small cell lung cancer.
Guanitoxin, re-naming a cyanobacterial organophosphate toxin.
An extraordinary Karenia mikimotoi "beer tide" in Kachemak Bay Alaska.
Identification and expression analysis of meiosis-related genes in the harmful alga Heterosigma akashiwo (Raphidophyceae).
Alveolar macrophage phenotypes in severe equine asthma.
Electrochemical genosensor for Klotho detection based on aliphatic and aromatic thiols self-assembled monolayers.
The spinal microglial IL-10/beta-endorphin pathway accounts for cinobufagin-induced mechanical antiallodynia in bone cancer pain following activation of alpha7-nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Genetic and histopathological analysis of a case of primary intraosseous carcinoma, NOS with features of both ameloblastic carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma.
A deep neural network based hierarchical multi-label classification method.
Small protein number effects in stochastic models of autoregulated bursty gene expression.
Different effects of fast and slow input fluctuations on output in gene regulation.
Montmorillonite, a natural biocompatible nanosheet with intrinsic antitumor activity.
BAP18 is involved in upregulation of CCND1/2 transcription to promote cell growth in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
CBX4 transcriptionally suppresses KLF6 via interaction with HDAC1 to exert oncogenic activities in clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
A comprehensive analysis of candidate genes in familial pancreatic cancer families reveals a high frequency of potentially pathogenic germline variants.
Longitudinal serum autoantibody repertoire profiling identifies surgery-associated biomarkers in lung adenocarcinoma.
Classification of primary liver cancer with immunosuppression mechanisms and correlation with genomic alterations.
Direct microRNA Sequencing Using Nanopore-Induced Phase-Shift Sequencing.
beta-Elemonic acid inhibits the growth of human Osteosarcoma through endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-mediated PERK/eIF2alpha/ATF4/CHOP activation and Wnt/beta-catenin signal suppression.
BCL11A gene over-expression in high risk neuroblastoma.
Generation of an integration-free induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) line (ZZUNEUi004-A) from a Wilson \' s disease patient harboring a homozygous Pro992Leu mutation in ATP7B gene.
DNA-PKcs chemical inhibition versus genetic mutation: Impact on the junctional repair steps of V(D)J recombination.
A novel WSSV responsive plasma protein from Litopenaeus vannamei contributes to hemocytes anti-apoptosis.
Isolation of Trichoderma in the rhizosphere soil of Syringa oblata from Harbin and their biocontrol and growth promotion function.
Morphological and molecular investigation on freshwater choanoflagellates (Craspedida, Salpingoecidae) from the River Rhine at Cologne (Germany).
Considerations in the analysis of plant chromatin accessibility data.
The significance of epidermal growth factor receptor uncommon mutations in non-small cell lung cancer: A systematic review and critical appraisal.
Ethanol metabolism: The good, the bad, and the ugly.
Identification of immune subtypes and prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma based on immune checkpoint gene expression profile.
Design, synthesis, and evaluation of new 2-(quinoline-4-yloxy)acetamide-based antituberculosis agents.
Autoscopic phenomena as an atypical psychiatric presentation of Huntington \' s disease: A case report including longitudinal clinical and neuroimaging data.
Complete clinical remission of invasive Candida infection with CARD9 deficiency after G-CSF treatment.
Preimplantation genetic testing in assisted reproduction technology.
Plant surface metabolites as potent antifungal agents.
Effects of exposing shrimp larvae (Pandalus borealis) to aquaculture pesticides at field relevant concentrations, with and without food limitation.
Hyperphosphatemia with low FGF7 and normal FGF23 and sFRP4 levels in the circulation characterizes pediatric hypophosphatasia.
Inhibition of Protein Phosphatase Methylesterase 1 Dysregulates MAP Kinase Signaling and Attenuates Muscle Cell Differentiation.
Effects of Plasma Concentration of Micro-Rna Mir-27b and CYP3A4*22 on Equilibrium Concentration of Alprazolam in Patients With Anxiety Disorders, Comorbid With Alcoholism.
Identification of wheat DREB genes and functional characterization of TaDREB3 in response to abiotic stresses.
High-throughput Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Potentially Important Relationships Between LncRNAs and Genes in Broilers Affected by Valgus-varus Deformity (Gallus gallus).
Inhibition of PHLDA2 transcription by DNA methylation and YY1 in goat placenta.
The evolutionary puzzle of Escherichia coli ST131.
Recent progress in antitumor functions of the intracellular antibodies.
Impact of augmented renal clearance (ARC) on the pharmacokinetics of linezolid: Advantages of continuous infusion from a PK/PD perspective.
SbWRKY30 enhances the drought tolerance of plants and regulates a drought stress-responsive gene, SbRD19, in sorghum.
Transcriptome analysis of rice (Oryza sativa L.) in response to ammonium resupply reveals the involvement of phytohormone signaling and the transcription factor OsJAZ9 in reprogramming of nitrogen uptake and metabolism.
Pik3ca mutations significantly enhance the growth of Shh medulloblastoma and lead to metastatic tumour growth in a novel mouse model.
Comparative analysis of two brine shrimps revealed differential expression pattern and functional characterization of CK2alpha under bacterial stimulation from different geographical distribution.
Arsenic-induced Autophagic Alterations and Mitochondrial Impairments in HPG-S Axis of Mature Male Mice Offspring (F1-generation): A persistent toxicity study.
Dihydrotestosterone suppression of proinflammatory gene expression in human meibomian gland epithelial cells.
Effects of inhalation of sevoflurane at different concentrations on TRPV1 in airways of rats at different developmental stages.
Thymoquinone suppresses invasion and metastasis in bladder cancer cells by reversing EMT through the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway.
The incorporation of cationic property and immunopotentiator in poly (lactic acid) microparticles promoted the immune response against chronic hepatitis B.
Ultrasound-responsive neurotrophic factor-loaded microbubble- liposome complex: Preclinical investigation for Parkinson \' s disease treatment.
Autophagy inhibition changes the disposition of non-viral gene carriers during blood-brain barrier penetration and enhances TRAIL-induced apoptosis in brain metastatic tumor.
Niemann-Pick type C1 regulates cholesterol transport and metamorphosis in silkworm, Bombyx mori (Dazao).
Developing a new drug against trichomoniasis, new inhibitory compounds of the protein triosephosphate isomerase.
Low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 1 deficiency in cardiomyocytes reduces susceptibility to insulin resistance and obesity.
Super-enhancers: A new frontier for glioma treatment.
Evolving concepts in HER2 evaluation in breast cancer: heterogeneity, HER2-low carcinomas and beyond.
Effect of heat shock on murine norovirus replication in RAW264.7 cells.
Graph Based Analysis for Gene Segment Organization In a Scrambled Genome.
Signal regulators of human naive pluripotency.
Editing Myosin VB Gene to Create Porcine Model of Microvillus Inclusion Disease, With Microvillus-lined Inclusions and Alterations in Sodium Transporters.
Red-kerneled rice proanthocyanidin inhibits arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase and decreases psoriasis-like skin inflammation.
Cxcr6-Based Mesenchymal Stem Cell Gene Therapy Potentiates Skin Regeneration in Murine Diabetic Wounds.
The RpoN2-PilRX regulatory system governs type IV pilus gene transcription and is required for bacterial motility and virulence in Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene-1031T/C promoter polymorphism and endometriosis.
Association of CRX genotypes and retinal phenotypes confounded by variable expressivity and electronegative electroretinogram.
Heterogeneity of fibroblasts from radicular cyst influenced osteoclastogenesis and bone destruction.
Novel TSPEAR Mutations in Nonsyndromic Oligodontia.
Int22h1/Int22h2-mediated Xq28 duplication syndrome: de novo duplications, prenatal diagnoses, and additional phenotypic features.
Intratumoral and subcutaneous injection of HVJ-E (GEN0101) in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer.
A Mutation Update for the FLNC gene in Myopathies and Cardiomyopathies.
TMEM16E/ANO5 Mutations related to Bone Dysplasia or Muscular Dystrophy cause Opposite Effects on Lipid Scrambling.
A new livebearing fish of the genus Limia (Cyprinodontiformes: Poeciliidae) from Lake Miragoane, Haiti.
Identification of frailty-associated genes by coordination analysis of gene expression.
Different Polymorphisms of Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Gene in Patients with Pre-Eclampsia among The Iranian Women Population.
A novel way to synthesize pantothenate in bacteria involves beta-alanine synthase present in uracil degradation pathway.
Renin-angiotensin aldosterone profile before and after angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibitor administration in dogs with angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism.
Transcriptional identification of differentially expressed genes associated with division of labour in Apis cerana cerana.
FiRES: A computational method for the de novo identification of internal structure similarity in proteins.
Sclerenchyma cell thickening through enhanced lignification induced by OsMYB30 prevents fungal penetration of rice leaves.
The functionally conserved effector Sta1 is a fungal cell wall protein required for virulence in Ustilago maydis.
Human T cells employ conserved AU-rich elements to fine-tune IFN-gamma production.
Molecular biomarkers in the diagnostic of patients with colorectal cancer.
Genes regulating the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis and its impact on pubertal onset in mammals.
Effects of mitonuclear combination and thermal acclimation on the energetic phenotype.
Resistin adipokin in atopic dermatitis patients: A clinical, biochemical, and genetic study.
Broader phenotypic traits and widespread brain hypometabolism in spinocerebellar ataxia 27.
EP3 signaling in dendritic cells promotes liver repair by inducing IL-13-mediated macrophage differentiation in mice.
Double-stranded RNAs targeting HvRPS18 and HvRPL13 reveal potential targets for pest management of the 28-spotted ladybeetle, Henosepilachna vigintioctopunctata.
Regrowth strategies of Leymus chinensis in response to different grazing intensities.
Joint study of the associations of HLA-B and the transmembrane STR polymorphism of MICA with alopecia areata shows independent associations of both of them with the disease.
Functional analysis of epilepsy-associated variants in STXBP1/Munc18-1 using humanized Caenorhabditis elegans.
Activation of a novel estrogen receptor GPR30 enhances cholesterol cholelithogenesis in female mice.
Changes in ambient temperature are the prevailing cue in determining Brachypodium distachyon diurnal gene regulation.
Keep a distance to be different: axillary buds initiating at a distance from the shoot apical meristem are crucial for the perennial life style of Arabis alpina.
Identification of introduced and stably inherited DNA methylation variants in soybean associated with soybean cyst nematode parasitism.
Comparison of the Efficacy and Sensitivity of Alternative PET Reporter Gene/PET Reporter Probe Systems That Minimize Biological Variables.
Using iRFP Genetic Labeling Technology to Track Tumorogenesis of Transplanted CRISPR/Cas9-Edited iPSC in Skeletal Muscle.
Metabolic features of cancer cells in NRF2 addiction status.
Type three secretion system in Salmonella Typhimurium: the key to infection.
The effect of aryl hydrocarbon receptor ligands on gentamicin-induced nephrotoxicity in rats.
Unraveling Molecular Mechanisms of THAP1 Missense Mutations in DYT6 Dystonia.
Purification of Membrane Proteins by Affinity Chromatography with On-Column Protease Cleavage.
Membrane Protein Production in Lactococcus lactis for Structural Studies.
Integration of large heterologous DNA fragments into the genome of Thermococcus kodakarensis.
Expression of DOCK10.1 protein revealed with a specific antiserum: insights into regulation of first exon isoforms of DOCK10.
Alterations of cell cycle genes in cancer: unmasking the role of cancer stem cells.
microRNA-30a arbitrates intestinal-type early gastric carcinogenesis by directly targeting ITGA2.
Expression patterns and functional divergence of homologous genes accompanied by polyploidization in cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.).
A UV-B-responsive glycosyltransferase, OsUGT706C2, modulates flavonoid metabolism in rice.
Influence of the integrin alpha-1 subunit and its relationship with high-fat diet upon extracellular matrix synthesis in skeletal muscle and tendon.
Proline-stimulated signaling primarily targets the chlorophyll degradation pathway and photosynthesis associated processes to cope with short-term water deficit in maize.
Leveraging Human Genetics to Identify Safety Signals Prior to Drug Marketing Approval and Clinical Use.
Structural Evolution of the Glacier Ice Worm Fo ATP Synthase Complex.
TMEM100 is a key factor for specification of lymphatic endothelial progenitors.
PI3K inhibitor treatment ameliorates the glucocorticoid insensitivity of PBMCs in severe asthma.
Characterization of 100 extended major histocompatibility complex haplotypes in Indonesian cynomolgus macaques.
rs4147929 variant minor allele increases ABCA7 gene expression and ABCA7 shows increased gene expression in Alzheimer \' s disease patients compared with controls.
Natural Sequence Variations and Combinations of GNP1 and NAL1 Determine the Grain Number per Panicle in Rice.
M1-like macrophage-derived exosomes suppress angiogenesis and exacerbate cardiac dysfunction in a myocardial infarction microenvironment.
Molecular evolution of chloroplast genomes in Monsteroideae (Araceae).
A R2R3-MYB gene-based marker for the non-darkening seed coat trait in pinto and cranberry beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) derived from  \' Wit-rood boontje \' .
Mechanosensitive Piezo1 ion channel protein (PIEZO1 gene): update and extended mutation analysis of hereditary xerocytosis in India.
Stability of potential prophages in commercial strain Lactobacillus plantarum NCU116 under various stressors.
Long noncoding RNA HCP5 participates in premature ovarian insufficiency by transcriptionally regulating MSH5 and DNA damage repair via YB1.
Functional effects of variation in transcription factor binding highlight long-range gene regulation by epromoters.
Potential Roles of Environmental and Socio-Economic Factors in the Distribution of Insecticide Resistance in Anopheles gambiae sensu lato (Culicidae: Diptera) Across Togo, West Africa.
Acetylation of MORC2 by NAT10 regulates cell-cycle checkpoint control and resistance to DNA-damaging chemotherapy and radiotherapy in breast cancer.
GO: a functional reporter system to identify and enrich base editing activity.
Oocyte maturation under lipotoxic conditions induces carryover transcriptomic and functional alterations during post-hatching development of good-quality blastocysts: novel insights from a bovine embryo-transfer model.
Ndrg1 Deficiency is associated with Regional Metastasis in Oral Cancer by inducing Epithelial-Mesenchymal transition.
The multiplex model of the genetics of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Microglia and macrophages promote corralling, wound compaction and recovery after spinal cord injury via Plexin-B2.
IL-17 production by tissue-resident MAIT cells is locally induced in children with pneumonia.
Development and characterization of an inducible Dicer conditional knockout mouse model of Parkinson \' s disease: validation of the antiparkinsonian effects of a sigma-1 receptor agonist and dihydromyricetin.
Asialo GM1-positive liver-resident CD8 T cells that express CD44 and LFA-1 are essential for immune clearance of hepatitis B virus.
SOX13 promotes colorectal cancer metastasis by transactivating SNAI2 and c-MET.
Enhanced autocrine FGF19/FGFR4 signaling drives the progression of lung squamous cell carcinoma, which responds to mTOR inhibitor AZD2104.
Sex linkage of the skeletal muscle sodium channel gene (SCN4A) explains apparent deviations from Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium of tetrodotoxin-resistance alleles in garter snakes (Thamnophis sirtalis).
Nanoparticle-based delivery of self-amplifying RNA.
Retraction Note: Targeted suicide gene therapy for glioma using human embryonic stem cell-derived neural stem cells genetically modified by baculoviral vectors.
Rett syndrome-causing mutations compromise MeCP2-mediated liquid-liquid phase separation of chromatin.
A white-to-opaque-like phenotypic switch in the yeast Torulaspora microellipsoides.
Identification of significant gene biomarkers of low back pain caused by changes in the osmotic pressure of nucleus pulposus cells.
Aberrant expression of PAR bZIP transcription factors is associated with epileptogenesis, focus on hepatic leukemia factor.
Hypoosmotic stress induces flagellar biosynthesis and swimming motility in Escherichia albertii.
Integrated Transcriptomic and Metabolic Framework for Carbon Metabolism and Plant Hormones Regulation in Vigna radiata during Post-Germination Seedling Growth.
The antioxidative enzyme SOD2 is important for physiological persistence of corpora lutea in lynxes.
New insight into the molecular mechanism of colour differentiation among floral segments in orchids.
Characterization of Induced High Yielding Cowpea Mutant Lines Using Physiological, Biochemical and Molecular Markers.
Longitudinal DNA methylation differences precede type 1 diabetes.
Porcine liver decomposition product-derived lysophospholipids promote microglial activation in vitro.
Characterization of a bacteriophage, vB_Eco4M-7, that effectively infects many Escherichia coli O157 strains.
In situ identification of polyhydroxyalkanoate (PHA)-accumulating microorganisms in mixed microbial cultures under feast/famine conditions.
A xylan glucuronosyltransferase gene exhibits pleiotropic effects on cellular composition and leaf development in rice.
Rigorous characterization of urinary extracellular vesicles (uEVs) in the low centrifugation pellet - a neglected source for uEVs.
Integrated RNA and metabolite profiling of urine liquid biopsies for prostate cancer biomarker discovery.
Impact of sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) plastidial lipoyl synthases genes expression in glycerolipids composition of transgenic Arabidopsis plants.
Genomic alterations and abnormal expression of APE2 in multiple cancers.
Documentation of a new hypotrich species in the family Amphisiellidae, Lamtostyla gui n. sp. (Protista, Ciliophora) using a multidisciplinary approach.
Neuron-specific analysis of histone modifications with post-mortem brains.
Whole genome sequencing reveals extended natural transformation in Campylobacter impacting diagnostics and the pathogens adaptive potential.
Temperature potentially induced distinctive flavor of mud crab Scylla paramamosain mediated by gut microbiota.
The genetics of situs inversus without primary ciliary dyskinesia.
EPDR1 up-regulation in human colorectal cancer is related to staging and favours cell proliferation and invasiveness.
Author Correction: The Reprimo gene family member, reprimo-like (rprml), is required for blood development in embryonic zebrafish.
No association of complement mannose-binding lectin deficiency with cardiovascular disease in patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Nrf2 positively regulates autophagy antioxidant response in human bronchial epithelial cells exposed to diesel exhaust particles.
A CRISPR-Cas9-based reporter system for single-cell detection of extracellular vesicle-mediated functional transfer of RNA.
Stem rust resistance in wheat is suppressed by a subunit of the mediator complex.
Haploid genetic screens identify SPRING/C12ORF49 as a determinant of SREBP signaling and cholesterol metabolism.
Dynamic CpG methylation delineates subregions within super-enhancers selectively decommissioned at the exit from naive pluripotency.
Quantum scale organic semiconductors for SERS detection of DNA methylation and gene expression.
Genome-wide association and multi-omic analyses reveal ACTN2 as a gene linked to heart failure.
Association of SNPs in CDKN2A (P14ARF) Tumour Suppressor Gene With Endometrial Cancer in Postmenopausal Women.
Effects of Cinnamaldehyde on the Viability and Expression of Chemokine Receptor Genes in Temozolomide-treated Glioma Cells.
Parkinson \' s disease-associated kinase LRRK2 regulates genes required for cell adhesion, polarization, and chemotaxis in activated murine macrophages.
A recently evolved diflavin-containing monomeric nitrate reductase is responsible for highly efficient bacterial nitrate assimilation.
Unparalleled Rapid Evolution of KIR Genes in Rhesus and Cynomolgus Macaque Populations.
ARID1A alterations function as a biomarker for longer progression-free survival after anti-PD-1/PD-L1 immunotherapy.
The Integrated RNA Landscape of Renal Preconditioning against Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury.
Conscious uncoupling of riboswitch functions.
The regulatory and transcriptional landscape associated with carbon utilization in a filamentous fungus.
Calcium-Dependent Protein Kinase CPK1 Controls Cell Death by In Vivo Phosphorylation of Senescence Master Regulator ORE1.
Genome Report-A Genome Sequence Analysis of the RB51 Strain of Brucella abortus in the Context of Its Vaccine Properties.
Chromosome-Level Assembly of the Caenorhabditis remanei Genome Reveals Conserved Patterns of Nematode Genome Organization.
Transcription Factors BLH2 and BLH4 Regulate Demethylesterification of Homogalacturonan in Seed Mucilage.
PAX1 is essential for development and function of the human thymus.
D-methionine and D-phenylalanine improve Lactococcus lactis F44 acid resistance and nisin yield by governing cell wall remodeling.
Metagenomics-guided discovery of potential bacterial metallothionein genes conferring Cu/Cd resistance from soil microbiome.
Multistep metabolic engineering of Bacillus licheniformis to improve pulcherriminic acid production.
Biofilm interactions between Candida albicans and mitis group streptococci in a titanium-mucosal interface model.
Bacteria from the genus Arcobacter are abundant in effluent from wastewater treatment plants.
Modulation of NMDA receptor by miR-219 in the amygdala and hippocampus of patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Prevalence of Aromatic l-Amino Acid Decarboxylase Deficiency in At-Risk Populations.
IL-19 as a Biomarker for the Seveity of Acute Myocardial Infarction.
High Glucose Content Abrogated the Normal Activity of Heat Shock Protein Signaling Pathway in Human Neuroblastoma Cells.
Synergistic Apoptotic Effects of Bortezomib and Methylstat on Multiple Myeloma Cells.
A homozygous RPL10L missense mutation associated with male factor infertility and severe oligozoospermia.
Aberrant DNA hypermethylation-silenced LINC00886 gene accelerates malignant progression of laryngeal carcinoma.
MicroRNA expression profiles in the esophagus of children with caustic stenosis: A pathway towards esophageal cancer?
The mechanism of action of Spi-B in the transcriptional activation of the interferon-alpha4 gene.
miR-532-3p inhibits osteogenic differentiation in MC3T3-E1 cells by downregulating ETS1.
Psilocybin Induces Time-Dependent Changes in Global Functional Connectivity.
Intestinal inflammation induced by dextran sodium sulphate causes liver inflammation and lipid metabolism disfunction in laying hens.
Developmental changes in hepatic lipid metabolism of chicks during the embryonic periods and the first week of posthatch.
Effects of Eimeria tenella infection on the barrier damage and microbiota diversity of chicken cecum.
Advances in methodologies for detecting MHC-B variability in chickens.
Effect of dietary 25-hydroxycholecalciferol on the sternal mass of meat ducks under different vitamin regimens.
Glucose signaling in the brain and periphery to memory.
Effect of early neonatal development and delayed feeding post-hatch on jejunal and ileal calcium and phosphorus transporter genes expression in broiler chickens.
Differential proteomic analysis to identify proteins associated with beak deformity in chickens.
Responses of broiler chickens to Eimeria challenge when fed a nucleotide-rich yeast extract.
Molecular characterization of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus clinical strains from the endotracheal tubes of patients with nosocomial pneumonia.
Single-cell transcriptome analysis reveals TOX as a promoting factor for T cell exhaustion and a predictor for anti-PD-1 responses in human cancer.
Transcriptome differences in adipose stromal cells derived from pre- and postmenopausal women.
Novel CDKL5 mutations were found in patients in China: retrospective investigation in cases of CDKL5-related disorders.
Benchmarking hybrid assemblies of Giardia and prediction of widespread intra-isolate structural variation.
NoncoRNA: a database of experimentally supported non-coding RNAs and drug targets in cancer.
CircMUC16 promotes autophagy of epithelial ovarian cancer via interaction with ATG13 and miR-199a.
The emerging roles of N6-methyladenosine (m6A) deregulation in liver carcinogenesis.
Relative contributions of non-essential Sec pathway components and cell envelope-associated proteases to high-level enzyme secretion by Bacillus subtilis.
Association between gene polymorphisms of voltage-dependent Ca2+ channels and hypertension in the Dai people of China: a case-control study.
Karyomegalic interstitial nephritis with a novel FAN1 gene mutation and concurrent ALECT2 amyloidosis.
Molecular epidemiology and hematologic characterization of deltabeta-thalassemia and hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin in 125,661 families of greater Guangzhou area, the metropolis of southern China.
SLC5A2 mutations, including two novel mutations, responsible for renal glucosuria in Chinese families.
Machine learning analysis of exome trios to contrast the genomic architecture of autism and schizophrenia.
Pre-treatment with IL2 gene therapy alleviates Staphylococcus aureus arthritis in mice.
Heterotrimeric G protein are involved in the regulation of multiple agronomic traits and stress tolerance in rice.
The canine oral microbiome: variation in bacterial populations across different niches.
Identification and characterization of circRNAs in the skin during wool follicle development in Aohan fine wool sheep.
Detection of CNV in the SH3RF2 gene and its effects on growth and carcass traits in chickens.
Systematic optimization of square-wave electroporation conditions for bovine primary fibroblasts.
Comparison of pathway and gene-level models for cancer prognosis prediction.
TRAF3, a target of microRNA-363-3p, suppresses senescence and regulates the balance between osteoblastic and adipocytic differentiation of bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
Identification of Novel ARSB Genes Necessary for p-Benzoquinone Biosynthesis in the Larval Oral Secretion Participating in External Immune Defense in the Red Palm Weevil.
Acid Ceramidase Depletion Impairs Neuronal Survival and Induces Morphological Defects in Neurites Associated with Altered Gene Transcription and Sphingolipid Content.
In-depth Understanding of Camellia oleifera Self-incompatibility by Comparative Transcriptome, Proteome and Metabolome.
Regulation of AQP4 in the Central Nervous System.
Inherited Eye Diseases with Retinal Manifestations through the Eyes of Homeobox Genes.
Mutant p53-Associated Molecular Mechanisms of ROS Regulation in Cancer Cells.
Investigation of a Novel Salt Stress-Responsive Pathway Mediated by Arabidopsis DEAD-Box RNA Helicase Gene AtRH17 Using RNA-Seq Analysis.
Mutation-Dependent Pathomechanisms Determine the Phenotype in the Bestrophinopathies.
The Uropathogenic Specific Protein Gene usp from Escherichia coli and Salmonella bongori is a Novel Member of the TyrR and H-NS Regulons.
Whole-Genome Sequencing of Lactobacillus helveticus D75 and D76 Confirms Safety and Probiotic Potential.
Interaction of the CMTM7 rs347134 Polymorphism with Dietary Patterns and the Risk of Obesity in Han Chinese Male Children.
Molecular Interactions of the Polysialytransferase Domain (PSTD) in ST8Sia IV with CMP-Sialic Acid and Polysialic Acid Required for Polysialylation of the Neural Cell Adhesion Molecule Proteins: An NMR Study.
Comprehensive Genome-Wide Approaches to Activity-Dependent Translational Control in Neurons.
A Systematic Exposition of Methods used for Quantification of Heart Regeneration after Apex Resection in Zebrafish.
Association of Multiple Sclerosis Phenotypes with Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms of IL7R, LAG3, and CD40 Genes in a Jordanian Population: A Genotype-Phenotype Study.
Initiation of Conceptus Elongation Coincides with an Endometrium Basic Fibroblast Growth Factor (FGF2) Protein Increase in Heifers.
Loss of Histone Locus Bodies in the Mature Hemocytes of Larval Lymph Gland Result in Hyperplasia of the Tissue in mxc Mutants of Drosophila.
Identification of the WUSCHEL-Related Homeobox (WOX) Gene Family, and Interaction and Functional Analysis of TaWOX9 and TaWUS in Wheat.
Disparity between Inter-Patient Molecular Heterogeneity and Repertoires of Target Drugs Used for Different Types of Cancer in Clinical Oncology.
Reversion to Normal of FMR1 Expanded Alleles: A Rare Event in Two Independent Fragile X Syndrome Families.
Network Properties of Cancer Prognostic Gene Signatures in the Human Protein Interactome.
Translational Regulations in Response to Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Cancers.
Flying High-Muscle-Specific Underreplication in Drosophila.
An Introduction to Systems Analytics and Integration of Big Omics Data.
Identification of the Differentially Expressed Genes of Muscle Growth and Intramuscular Fat Metabolism in the Development Stage of Yellow Broilers.
Quercetin Protects Against Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Intestinal Oxidative Stress in Broiler Chickens through Activation of Nrf2 Pathway.
Endogenous 3-Iodothyronamine (T1AM) and Synthetic Thyronamine-like Analog SG-2 Act as Novel Pleiotropic Neuroprotective Agents Through the Modulation of SIRT6.
Genome-Wide Identification of lncRNAs During Rice Seed Development.
Sequential i-GONAD: An Improved In Vivo Technique for CRISPR/Cas9-Based Genetic Manipulations in Mice.
Silver Nanoparticles Synthesized by Using Bacillus cereus SZT1 Ameliorated the Damage of Bacterial Leaf Blight Pathogen in Rice.
Differential Distribution of the wlaN and cgtB Genes, Associated with Guillain-Barre Syndrome, in Campylobacter jejuni Isolates from Humans, Broiler Chickens, and Wild Birds.
Differential Effects of MitoVitE, alpha-Tocopherol and Trolox on Oxidative Stress, Mitochondrial Function and Inflammatory Signalling Pathways in Endothelial Cells Cultured under Conditions Mimicking Sepsis.
Enhanced CXCR4 Expression Associates with Increased Gene Body 5-Hydroxymethylcytosine Modification but not Decreased Promoter Methylation in Colorectal Cancer.
Influence of Plant Species on Microbial Activity and Denitrifier Population Development in Vegetated Denitrifying Wood-Chip Bioreactors.
Modulation of Fatty Acid-Related Genes in the Response of H9c2 Cardiac Cells to Palmitate and n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids.
Evolutionarily-Related Helicobacter pylori Genotypes and Gastric Intraepithelial Neoplasia in a High-Risk Area of Northern Italy.
The Impact of Direct-Fed Microbials and Phytogenic Feed Additives on Prevalence and Transfer of Extended-Spectrum Beta-Lactamase Genes in Broiler Chicken.
Genomic Considerations for the Modification of Saccharomyces cerevisiae for Biofuel and Metabolite Biosynthesis.
A New Risk Variant for Multiple Sclerosis at 11q23.3 Locus Is Associated with Expansion of CXCR5+ Circulating Regulatory T Cells.
The Arabidopsis Hypoxia Inducible AtR8 Long Non-Coding RNA also Contributes to Plant Defense and Root Elongation Coordinating with WRKY Genes under Low Levels of Salicylic Acid.
Lactobacillus Brevis OPK-3 from Kimchi Prevents Obesity and Modulates the Expression of Adipogenic and Pro-Inflammatory Genes in Adipose Tissue of Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Effects of Virgin Olive Oil and Phenol-Enriched Virgin Olive Oils on Lipoprotein Atherogenicity.
Lifespan of long-lived growth hormone receptor knockout mice was not normalized by housing at 30 C since weaning.
A study of Chaetoceros debilis sensu lato species (Bacillariophyceae), with ememdation of C. debilis and description of C. galeatus sp. nov.
The congenital cataract-causing mutations P20R and A171T are associated with important changes in the amyloidogenic feature, structure and chaperone-like activity of human alphaB-crystallin.
Genetic polymorphisms genomic region of the bovine SH2B2 gene their associations Molecular Breeding for Body Size Traits Qinchuan Cattle.
Physical activity as moderator of the association between APOE and cognitive decline in older adults: Results from three longitudinal cohort studies.
Schizandrin A exhibits potent anticancer activity in colorectal cancer cells by inhibiting heat shock factor 1.
Biodegradable nano-organosilica gene carrier for high-efficiency gene transfection.
A Novel TBX1 Variant Causing Hypoparathyroidism and Deafness.
Overview of current microRNA biomarker signatures as potential diagnostic tools for leukaemic conditions.
Is Colobus guereza gallarum a valid endemic Ethiopian taxon?
Complete response to trastuzumab and chemotherapy in recurrent urothelial bladder carcinoma with HER2 gene amplification: A case report.
Cutaneous nodules and a novel GNAS mutation in a Chinese boy with pseudohypoparathyroidism type Ia: A case report and review of literature.
The role of hydrogen peroxide-inducible clone-5 in tumor progression.
Molecular cloning and expression analysis of tyrosinases (tyr) in four shell-color strains of Manila clam Ruditapes philippinarum.
Co-expression network analysis reveals the pivotal role of mitochondrial dysfunction and interferon signature in juvenile dermatomyositis.
Tight DNA-protein complexes isolated from barley seedlings are rich in potential guanine quadruplex sequences.
Genetic structure is stronger across human-impacted habitats than among islands in the coral Porites lobata.
AIF1 was identified as an up-regulated gene contributing to CSFV Shimen infection in porcine alveolar macrophage 3D4/21 cells.
Comparison of the performance of ITS1 and ITS2 as barcodes in amplicon-based sequencing of bioaerosols.
Taxonomic revision of Dasydorylas Skevington, 2001 (Diptera, Pipunculidae) in the Middle East.
The R2R3-MYB transcription factor family in Taxus chinensis: identification, characterization, expression profiling and posttranscriptional regulation analysis.
Genome-wide characterization and expression analysis of the Dof gene family related to abiotic stress in watermelon.
Molecular phylogeny and intraspecific differentiation of the Trapelus agilis species complex in Iran (Squamata: Agamidae) inferred from mitochondrial DNA sequences.
First case report of cutaneous sporotrichosis (Sporothrix species) in a cat in the UK.
A multifaceted investigation into molecular associations of chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension pathogenesis.
Ruthenium based antimicrobial theranostics - using nanoscopy to identify therapeutic targets and resistance mechanisms in Staphylococcus aureus.
Two 3 \' -O-beta-glucosylated nucleoside fluorometabolites related to nucleocidin in Streptomyces calvus.
Identification of biomarkers of immune checkpoint blockade efficacy in recurrent or refractory solid tumor malignancies.
Empty SV40 capsids increase survival of septic rats by eliciting numerous host signaling networks that participate in a number of systemic functions.
Integrated Mobile Element Scanning (ME-Scan) method for identifying multiple types of polymorphic mobile element insertions.
Aberrant ABO B Phenotype with Irregular Anti-B Caused by a Para-Bombay FUT1 Mutation.
Comprehensive Molecular Analysis of Serologically D-Negative and Weak/Partial D Phenotype in Thai Blood Donors.
Next Generation Sequencing-Based Fetal ABO Blood Group Prediction by Analysis of Cell-Free DNA from Maternal Plasma.
High-Throughput Screening of Blood Donors for Twelve Human Platelet Antigen Systems Using Next-Generation Sequencing Reveals Detection of Rare Polymorphisms and Two Novel Protein-Changing Variants.
Defining Blood Group Gene Reference Alleles by Long-Read Sequencing: Proof of Concept in the ACKR1 Gene Encoding the Duffy Antigens.
Next-Generation Sequencing Technologies in Blood Group Typing.
Molecular characterisation of mutations associated with resistance to first- and second-line drugs among Indonesian patients with tuberculosis.
The Selby-Russell Dispute Regarding the Nonreporting of Critical Data in the Mega-Mouse Experiments of Drs William and Liane Russell That Spanned Many Decades: What Happened, Current Status, and Some Ramifications.
Clinical Performance of Human Papillomavirus (HPV) Testing versus Cytology for Cervical Cancer Screening: Results of a Large Danish Implementation Study.
Knocking Out SST Gene of BGC823 Gastric Cancer Cell by CRISPR/Cas9 Enhances Migration, Invasion and Expression of SEMA5A and KLF2.
Long Non-Coding RNA Cancer Susceptibility 9 (CASC9) Up-Regulates the Expression of ERBB2 by Inhibiting miR-193a-5p in Colorectal Cancer.
Alteration in Expression of miR-32 and FBXW7 Tumor Suppressor in Plasma Samples of Patients with T-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Identification of Key Genes Involved in Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy Progression and Associated with Pancreatic Cancer.
Long Non-Coding RNAs Regulate Inflammation in Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy by Acting as ceRNAs Targeting miR-146a-5p.
Emergence of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Belonging to Clonal Complex 15 (CC15-MRSA) in Kuwait Hospitals.
Carbapenem-Resistant Enterobacter hormaechei ST1103 with IMP-26 Carbapenemase and ESBL Gene bla SHV-178.
Virulence Constitution of Multi-Drug-Resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa in Upper Egypt.
Carbapenem-Resistant Klebsiella aerogenes Clinical Isolates from a Teaching Hospital in Southwestern China: Detailed Molecular Epidemiology, Resistance Determinants, Risk Factors and Clinical Outcomes.
Co-Incidence of Type II Topoisomerase Mutations and Efflux Expression in High Fluoroquinolone Resistant Enterococcus faecalis Isolated from Urinary Tract Infections.
First Study of Antimicrobial Activity of Ceftazidime-Avibactam and Ceftolozane-Tazobactam Against Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolated from Patients with Urinary Tract Infection in Tehran, Iran.
Molecular Mechanisms and Epidemiology of Carbapenem-Resistant Escherichia coli Isolated from Chinese Patients During 2002-2017.
Antitumor Effect of miR-1294/Pyruvate Kinase M2 Signaling Cascade in Osteosarcoma Cells.
circHIPK3 Promotes Cell Proliferation and Migration of Gastric Cancer by Sponging miR-107 and Regulating BDNF Expression.
The lncRNA NORAD/miR-520a-3p Facilitates Malignancy in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer via PI3k/Akt/mTOR Signaling Pathway.
FTO Facilitates Lung Adenocarcinoma Cell Progression by Activating Cell Migration Through mRNA Demethylation.
DUB3 Facilitates Growth and Inhibits Apoptosis Through Enhancing Expression of EZH2 in Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
In vitro Transport Ability of ABCC2 (G1249A) Polymorphic Variant Towards Anticancer Drugs.
EFEMP2 Suppresses the Invasion of Lung Cancer Cells by Inhibiting Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition (EMT) and Down-Regulating MMPs.
Diagnosis and Treatment of Hereditary Transthyretin Amyloidosis (hATTR) Polyneuropathy: Current Perspectives on Improving Patient Care.
Variants in the Upstream Region of the Insulin Receptor Substrate-1 Gene Is Associated with Major Depressive Disorder in the Han Chinese Population.
Association Between Glutathione S-Transferase (GST) Polymorphisms and Schizophrenia in a Chinese Han Population.
Anti-Inflammatory Activity of Sanjie Zhentong Capsule Assessed By Network Pharmacology Analysis of Adenomyosis Treatment.
Comparative genomics of Salmonella enterica serovar Enteritidis ST-11 isolated in Uruguay reveals lineages associated with particular epidemiological traits.
Beyond the looking glass: recent advances in understanding the impact of environmental exposures on neuropsychiatric disease.
Podosomes in endothelial cell-microenvironment interactions.
Role of KCNAB2 expression in modulating hormone secretion in somatotroph pituitary adenoma.
Behavioral and neurochemical characterization of the spontaneous mutation tremor, a new mouse model of audiogenic seizures.
RNA-Seq analysis reveals pluripotency-associated genes and their interaction networks in human embryonic stem cells.
Relationship between KRAS mutation and diffusion weighted imaging in colorectal liver metastases; Preliminary study.
Impact of sand mining on the carbon sequestration and nitrogen removal ability of soil in the riparian area of Lijiang River, China.
Investigation of the effects of dichlorvos poisoning on AMPK signaling pathway in chicken brain tissues.
Biofiltration of oil sands process water in fixed-bed biofilm reactors shapes microbial community structure for enhanced degradation of naphthenic acids.
Adverse childhood experiences, posttraumatic stress, and FKBP5 methylation patterns in postpartum women and their newborn infants.
Impacts of foliar exposure to multi-walled carbon nanotubes on physiological and molecular traits of Salvia verticillata L., as a medicinal plant.
Genotyping, virulence genes and antimicrobial resistance of Campylobacter spp.isolated during two seasonal periods in Spanish poultry farms.
The effect of tylosin on antimicrobial resistance in beef cattle enteric bacteria: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hemotropic mycoplasmas in bats captured near human settlements in Nigeria.
Surveillance of antimicrobial susceptibilities reveals high proportions of multidrug resistance in toxigenic Clostridium difficile strains in different areas of Poland.
Comparative genomics of vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus spp. revealed common resistome determinants from hospital wastewater to aquatic environments.
Novel drugs targeting EGFR and HER2 exon 20 mutations in metastatic NSCLC.
Evaluation of Relationship Between Common Variants in FGF18 Gene and Knee Osteoarthritis Susceptibility.
The profile of antibiotic resistance genes in pig manure composting shaped by composting stage: Mesophilic-thermophilic and cooling-maturation stages.
The mutation D313Y may be associated with nervous system manifestations in Fabry disease.
Analysis of two Mexican Pectobacterium brasiliense strains reveals an inverted relationship between c-di-GMP levels with exopolysaccharide production and swarming motility.
Genotyping and Copy Number Analysis of Immunoglobin Heavy Chain Variable Genes Using Long Reads.
Transcriptome analysis of phototransduction-related genes in tentacles of the sea cucumber Apostichopus japonicus.
Heterogeneous phenotype of Hereditary Xerocytosis in association with PIEZO1 variants.
A genome-wide multiphenotypic association analysis identified common candidate genes for subjective well-being, depressive symptoms and neuroticism.
Gene discovery for high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level change over time in prospective family studies.
A multiplex PCR assay combined with capillary electrophoresis for the simultaneous detection of tropomyosin allergens from oyster, mussel, abalone, and clam mollusk species.
Phenotypic masquerade: Polymorphism in the life cycle of the centrohelid heliozoan Raphidiophrys heterophryoidea (Haptista: Centroplasthelida).
Phototherapy alters the oncogenic metabolic activity of the breast cancer cells.
A novel programmed cell death protein 4 negatively regulates CgIL17-5 expression in hemocytes of oyster Pacific oyster (Crassostrea gigas).
The effect of dietary cecropin AD on intestinal health, immune response and disease resistance of juvenile turbot (Scophthalmus maximus L.).
Dietary Astragalus polysaccharides ameliorates the growth performance, antioxidant capacity and immune responses in turbot (Scophthalmus maximus L.).
Bursicon homodimers induce the innate immunity via Relish in Procambarus clarkii.
Carbon nanotubes-loaded subunit vaccine can increase protective immunity against rhabdovirus infections of largemouth bass (Micropterus Salmoides).
Comparison of biofilm production and virulence gene distribution among community- and hospital-acquired Staphylococcus aureus isolates from northwestern Iran.
Soybean Aphid Biotype 1 Genome: Insights into the invasive biology and adaptive evolution of a major agricultural pest.
Responses of antioxidative enzymes and gene expression in Oryza sativa L and Cucumis sativus L seedlings to microcystins stress.
The role of small molecule Flt3 receptor protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitors in the treatment of Flt3-positive acute myelogenous leukemias.
Purification and characterization of seven bioactive compounds from the newly isolated Streptomyces cavourensis TN638 strain via solid-state fermentation.
Comparative transcriptome profiling reveals a mechanism of Streptococcus agalactiae resistance to florfenicol.
De novo transcriptome assembly and sex-biased gene expression in the gonads of Amur catfish (Silurus asotus).
Characterization of gonad differentially expressed SoxB2 genes in mud crab Scylla paramamosain.
Deep mitochondrial DNA phylogeographic divergence in the threatened aoudad Ammotragus lervia (Bovidae, Caprini).
Implication of Genetic Variants in Overweight and Obesity susceptibility among the Young Arab Population of the United Arab Emirates.
Decreased IL-1beta-induced CCL20 response in human iPSC-astrocytes in schizophrenia: Potential attenuating effects on recruitment of regulatory T cells.
Expanding the phenotype of thrombocytopenia absent radius syndrome with hypospadias.
Development of a duplex SYBR GreenI based real-time PCR assay for detection of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and porcine bocavirus3/4/5.
Foot and mouth disease virus undergoes non-progressive replication in mice peritoneal macrophages and induces M1 polarization.
Retinoic acid induced cytokines are selectively modulated by Liver X Receptor activation in zebrafish.
Dioxin Male Rat Reproductive Toxicity Mode of Action and Relative Potency of 2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin and 2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibenzofuran Characterized by Fetal Pituitary and Testis Transcriptome Profiling.
Mesenchymal stem cells modified with angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 are superior for amelioration of glomerular fibrosis in diabetic nephropathy.
Exosomal Nrf2: from anti-oxidant and anti-inflammation response to wound healing and tissue regeneration in aged-related diseases.
Molecular characterization of Ditylenchus destructor voltage-gated calcium channel alpha1 subunits and analysis of the effect of their knockdown on nematode activity.
Impact of sampling and DNA extraction methods on skin microbiota assessment.
MiR-139-5p/SLC7A11 inhibits the proliferation, invasion and metastasis of pancreatic carcinoma via PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Pracinostat (SB939), a histone deacetylase inhibitor, suppresses breast cancer metastasis and growth by inactivating the IL-6/STAT3 signalling pathways.
Porcine IGF-1R synonymous mutations in the intracellular domain affect cell proliferation and alter kinase activity.
A high level of chloroplast genome sequence variability in the Sawtooth Oak Quercus acutissima.
Recombinant expression, characterization and phylogenetic studies of novels cystatins-like proteins of sweet orange (Citrus sinensis) and clementine (Citrus clementina).
Space colonization by branching trachea explains the morphospace of a simple respiratory organ.
Nuclear factor erythroid 2 (NF-E2)-related factor 2 (Nrf2) in autophagy-induced hepatocellular carcinoma.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis in Humans Links Nucleotide Metabolism to Leukocyte Telomere Length.
Comprehensive Genome-wide Perturbations via CRISPR Adaptation Reveal Complex Genetics of Antibiotic Sensitivity.
Precise and Programmable Detection of Mutations Using Ultraspecific Riboregulators.
Caloric Restriction Reprograms the Single-Cell Transcriptional Landscape of Rattus Norvegicus Aging.
A Prion Epigenetic Switch Establishes an Active Chromatin State.
Gene therapy 1 0 in haemophilia: effective and safe, but with many uncertainties.
Shared Mutations in a Novel Glutaredoxin Repressor of Multicellular Trichome Fate Underlie Parallel Evolution of Antirrhinum Species.
Activation of Meiotic Genes Mediates Ploidy Reduction during Cryptococcal Infection.
The Genome of Caenorhabditis bovis.
Aberrant Expression of a Non-muscle RBFOX2 Isoform Triggers Cardiac Conduction Defects in Myotonic Dystrophy.
The Molecular Anatomy of Mouse Skin during Hair Growth and Rest.
N-Terminal Amino Acids Determine KLF4 Protein Stability in 2A Peptide-Linked Polycistronic Reprogramming Constructs.
Sex-Based Diverse Plaque Microbiota in Children with Severe Caries.
CRISPRi System as an Efficient, Simple Platform for Rapid Identification of Genes Involved in Pollutant Transformation by Aeromonas hydrophila.
The Role and Contribution of Transcriptional Enhancers in Brain Cancer.
SLC39A7, regulated by miR-139-5p, induces cell proliferation, migration and inhibits apoptosis in gastric cancer via Akt/mTOR signaling pathway.
Irrelevance of USF2 rs916145 polymorphism with the risk of biliary atresia susceptibility in Southern Chinese children.
Biofilms: Hot spots of horizontal gene transfer (HGT) in aquatic environments, with a focus on a new HGT mechanism.
Genetic diversity and thermal performance in invasive and native populations of African fig flies.
Polygenic Architecture of Human Neuroanatomical Diversity.
Genomic characterisation of Salmonella enterica serovar Wangata isolates obtained from different sources reveals low genomic diversity.
Investigation of the quorum-sensing regulon of the biocontrol bacterium Pseudomonas chlororaphis strain PA23.
Cholesterol metabolism regulation mediated by SREBP-2, LXRalpha and miR-33a in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) both in vivo and in vitro.
Author Correction: Clinical Implications of Sub-grouping HER2 Positive Tumors by Amplicon Structure and Co-amplified Genes.
Generation of human androgenetic induced pluripotent stem cells.
A multi-omics dataset of heat-shock response in the yeast RNA binding protein Mip6.
A toxin-antidote CRISPR gene drive system for regional population modification.
Variant analysis of HPD genes from two families showing elevated tyrosine upon newborn screening by tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS).
Integrated analysis of H2A.Z isoforms function reveals a complex interplay in gene regulation.
The First blaKPC Harboring Klebsiella pneumoniae ST258 Strain Isolated in Pakistan.
Prophages Encode Antibiotic Resistance Genes in Acinetobacter baumannii.
Association of Serum Lipoprotein-Associated Phospholipase A2 and A379V Gene Polymorphisms with Carotid Plaques.
LncRNA MACC1-AS1 Promotes Lung Adenocarcinoma Cell Proliferation by Downregulating PTEN.
Correlation Between Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms of the rs664589 Locus in the Long-Chain Noncoding RNA Lung Adenocarcinoma Metastasis-Associated Gene 1, Hypertension, and Its Mechanism.
The production of isoprene from cellulose using recombinant Clostridium cellulolyticum strains expressing isoprene synthase.
Emulsion-based Encapsulation of Pluripotent Stem Cells in Hydrogel Microspheres for Cardiac Differentiation.
Novel IRF6 mutations in Chinese Han families with Van der Woude syndrome.
Hedgehog signalling mediates drug resistance through targeting TAP1 in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Word Reading: Overlap with Risk Genes for Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
Two New Endozoic Ciliates, Clevelandella lynni sp. n. and Nyctotherus galerus sp. n., Isolated from the Hindgut of the Wood-feeding Cockroach Panesthia angustipennis (Illiger, 1801).
Clinical features of inherited neuropathy with BSCL2 mutations in Japan.
A behavioral genetic investigation of conceptualizations of resilience in a female twin sample.
Opinion: Is gene mapping in wild populations useful for understanding and predicting adaptation to global change?
Clinical, Immunological Features and Follow up of 21 Patients with Dedicator of Cytokinesis 8 (DOCK8) Deficiency.
Leptin promotes methionine adenosyltransferase 2A expression in hepatic stellate cells by the downregulation of E2F-4 via the beta-catenin pathway.
Somite boundary determination in normal and clock-less vertebrate embryos.
Function of NHX-type transporters in improving rice tolerance to aluminum stress and soil acidity.
Tumor Mutational Burden From Tumor-Only Sequencing Compared With Germline Subtraction From Paired Tumor and Normal Specimens.
Transcriptome-Wide Identification of MicroRNAs and Analysis of Their Potential Roles in Development of Indian Meal Moth (Lepidoptera:Pyralidae).
Transmission of plasmid-borne and chromosomal blaCTX-M-64 among Escherichia coli and Salmonella isolates from food-producing animals via ISEcp1-mediated transposition.
Transcriptional signature of prion-induced neurotoxicity in a Drosophila model of transmissible mammalian prion disease.
2DImpute: Imputation in Single Cell RNA-Seq Data from Correlations in Two Dimensions.
CRAMER: A lightweight, highly customisable web-based genome browser supporting multiple visualisation instances.
Publisher Correction: Widespread patterns of gene loss in the evolution of the animal kingdom.
Generation of GGTA1-/-beta2M-/-CIITA-/- Pigs Using CRISPR/Cas9 Technology to Alleviate Xenogeneic Immune Reactions.
Dopamine-Related Genes Moderate the Association Between Family Environment and Executive Function Following Pediatric Traumatic Brain Injury: An Exploratory Study.
Gene therapy for hemophilias: the end of phenotypic testing or the start of a new era?
Mammary analogue secretory carcinoma: An Indian experience of a novel entity.
Quantitative real-time PCR assay with immunohistochemical evaluation of HER2/neu oncogene in breast cancer patients and its correlation with clinicopathological findings.
Differential diagnosis and unusual diffuse cytokeratin expression in renal paraganglioma: A case report.
Hereditary leiomyomatosis and renal cell carcinoma syndrome-associated renal cell carcinoma: Morphological appraisal with a comprehensive review of differential diagnoses.
Primary ciliary dyskinesia due to DRC1/CCDC164 gene mutation.
Correlation of programmed death-ligand 1 expression with gene expression and clinicopathological parameters in Indian patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
Comparative genomics of the fish pathogens Edwardsiella ictaluri 93-146 and Edwardsiella piscicida C07-087.
Sulforaphane Prevents Right Ventricular Injury and Reduces Pulmonary Vascular Remodeling in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.
UVB radiation suppresses anti-grazer morphological defense in Scenedesmus obliquus by inhibiting algal growth and carbohydrate-regulated gene expression.
A study on HSP 70 gene polymorphism in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Isolation and Identification of Chlamydia abortus from Aborted Ewes in Sulaimani Province, Northern Iraq.
MicroRNA-based recombinant AAV vector assembly improves efficiency of suicide gene transfer in a murine model of lymphoma.
Absence of MyD88 from Skeletal Muscle Protects Female Mice from Inactivity-Induced Adiposity and Insulin Resistance.
Lipid-Modified Aminoglycosides for mRNA Delivery to the Liver.
Development and validation of a novel nomogram for pretreatment prediction of liver metastasis in pancreatic cancer.
Laodelphax striatellus Atg8 facilitates Rice stripe virus infection in an autophagy-independent manner.
Phospholipase C gamma (PLCgamma) regulates soluble trehalase in the 20E-induced fecundity of Apolygus lucorum.
The X-linked filaminopathies: synergistic insights from clinical and molecular analysis.
Association between the methylation of the STAT1 and SOCS3 in peripheral blood and gastric cancer.
TAK1 signaling activity links the mast cell cytokine response and degranulation in allergic inflammation.
Impact of RAS mutations on the immune infiltrate of colorectal liver metastases: A preliminary study.
Conference Report on Contractures in Musculoskeletal and Neurological Conditions.
Human Papillomavirus E6 - host cell receptor, GRP78, binding site prediction.
Instruction of microbiome taxonomic profiling based on 16S rRNA sequencing.
Microbial community analysis using high-throughput sequencing technology: a beginner \' s guide for microbiologists.
User guides for biologists to learn computational methods.
Heme Oxygenase-1 and Carbon Monoxide Regulate Growth and Progression in Glioblastoma Cells.
Age-associated differences in macrophage response in a vaginal wound healing rat model.
Ab Ab initio initio construction and evolutionary analysis of protein-coding gene families with partially homologous relationships: Closely related Drosophila genomes as a case study.
Genomic characterization of newly completed genomes of botulinum neurotoxin-producing species from Argentina, Australia and Africa.
Female ageing affects the DNA repair capacity of oocytes in IVF using a controlled model of sperm DNA damage in mice.
The evolution history of Fe-S cluster A-type assembly protein reveals multiple gene duplication events and essential protein motifs.
Correlation between organelle genetic variation and RNA editing in dinoflagellates associated with the coral Acropora digitifera.
Lighting up single-nucleotide variation in situ in single cells and tissues.
Whole-chromosome hitchhiking driven by a male-killing endosymbiont.
Requirement of the acyl-CoA carrier ACBD6 in myristoylation of proteins: Activation by ligand binding and protein interaction.
Comparison of experimental peri-implantitis models after application of ex vivo BMP2 gene therapy using periodontal ligament stem cells.
Fabrication of sharp silicon arrays to wound Caenorhabditis elegans.
Cancer-associated mutations in the ribosomal protein L5 gene dysregulate the HDM2/p53-mediated ribosome biogenesis checkpoint.
Capicua restricts cancer stem cell-like properties in breast cancer cells.
Core endophyte communities of different citrus varieties from citrus growing regions in China.
Impact of different stabilization methods on RT-qPCR results using human lung tissue samples.
Epistatic Effect of Regulators to the Adaptive Growth of Escherichia coli.
Complete genome and methylome analysis of Neisseria meningitidis associated with increased serogroup Y disease.
A comprehensive analysis of coding and non-coding transcriptomic changes in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.
Synaptotagmin 12 (SYT12) Gene Expression Promotes Cell Proliferation and Progression of Lung Adenocarcinoma and Involves the Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase (PI3K)/AKT/Mammalian Target of Rapamycin (mTOR) Pathway.
Genetic Association Analysis of Cell Cycle Regulators Reveals YWHAZ Has Prognostic Significance in Prostate Cancer.
Identification of Novel Prognosis and Prediction Markers in Advanced Prostate Cancer Tissues Based on Quantitative Proteomics.
Tumor Mutational Patterns and Infiltrating Lymphocyte Density in Young and Elderly Patients With Breast Cancer.
Stratification Using hTERT and Stem Cell Markers Confers a Good Prognosis in Invasive Breast Cancer.
FOS-ANKH and FOS-RUNX2 Fusion Genes in Osteoblastoma.
The Search for Molecular Markers in a Gene-Orphan Case Study of a Pediatric Spinal Cord Pilocytic Astrocytoma.
Duplex DNA from Sites of Helicase-Polymerase Uncoupling Links Non-B DNA Structure Formation to Replicative Stress.
Erratum: Attenuation of Eukaryotic Protein-Coding Gene Expression via Premature Transcription Termination.
Metabolome analysis reveals excessive glycolysis via PI3K/AKT/mTOR and RAS/MAPK signaling in methotrexate-resistant primary CNS lymphoma-derived cells.
A coherent feed forward loop drives vascular regeneration in damaged aerial organs growing in normal developmental-context.
Canonical Wnt/beta-catenin activity and differential epigenetic marks direct sexually dimorphic regulation of Irx3 and Irx5 in developing gonads.
A review of aberrant DNA methylation and epigenetic agents targeting DNA methyltransferase in endometriosis.
Chemical probes for drug-induced liver injury imaging.
The Viability and Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Hyaluronic Acid-Chitlac-Tracimolone Acetonide-beta-Cyclodextrin Complex on Human Chondrocytes.
Association of ECE1 gene polymorphisms and essential hypertension risk in the Northern Han Chinese: A case-control study.
Histone demethylase KDM3B protects against ferroptosis by upregulating SLC7A11.
MIR-138-5P inhibits the progression of prostate cancer by targeting FOXC1.
Proteomic analysis of Aspergillus niger 3.316 under heat stress.
The prospective curative role of lipoxin A4 in induced gastric ulcer in rats: Possible involvement of mitochondrial dynamics signaling pathway.
Salvage surgery for advanced non-small cell lung cancer after targeted therapy: A case series.
Serpin7 controls egg diapause of migratory locust (Locusta migratoria) by regulating polyphenol oxidase.
Expanding the Noonan spectrum/RASopathy NGS panel: Benefits of adding NF1 and SPRED1.
Genetic basis of relapsing polychondritis revealed by family-based whole-exome sequencing.
Circ-IGF1R inhibits cell invasion and migration in non-small cell lung cancer.
Monocytes present age-related changes in phospholipid concentration and decreased energy metabolism.
Potential tick vectors for Theileria equi in Israel.
The Evolution of Gene-Guided Management of Inherited Arrhythmia Syndromes: Peering Beyond Monogenic Paradigms Towards Comprehensive Genomic Risk Scores.
Differential divergence in autosomes and sex chromosomes is associated with intra-island diversification at a very small spatial scale in a songbird lineage.
Termination of non-coding transcription in yeast relies on both an RNA Pol II CTD interaction domain and a CTD-mimicking region in Sen1.
High Incidence of Herpes Simplex Virus-1 in Cord Blood and Placenta Infection of Women in Southern Brazil.
LncRNA FTX Involves in the Nogo-66-Induced Inhibition of Neurite Outgrowth Through Regulating PDK1/PKB/GSK-3beta Pathway.
Effects of dietary exogenous xylanase supplementation on growth performance, intestinal health, and carbohydrate metabolism of juvenile large yellow croaker, Larimichthys crocea.
Identification of targeted therapy options for gastric adenocarcinoma by comprehensive analysis of genomic data.
Functional analysis of a novel betaV1 gene identified in a geminivirus betasatellite.
Epidemiological survey and genetic evolution of H3N2 subtype influenza viruses from stray dogs in Shanghai, China.
Do the risks of Lynch syndrome-related cancers depend on the parent of origin of the mutation?
A candidate probiotic strain of Enterococcus faecium from the intestine of the crucian carp Carassius auratus.
A trans-ethnic two-stage polygenetic scoring analysis detects genetic correlation between osteoporosis and schizophrenia.
The transcription factor VaNAC17 from grapevine (Vitis amurensis) enhances drought tolerance by modulating jasmonic acid biosynthesis in transgenic Arabidopsis.
H19 regulates angiogenic capacity of extravillous trophoblasts by H19/miR-106a-5p/VEGFA axis.
Amyloid cardiomyopathy.
Ovarian and breast cancer risks associated with pathogenic variants in RAD51C and RAD51D.
HDAC3 functions as a positive regulator in Notch signal transduction.
Crosstalk between heterotrimeric G protein-coupled signaling pathways and WRKY transcription factors modulating plant responses to suboptimal micronutrient conditions.
Pediatric Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis (HLH).
Mapping the epitopes of Schistosoma japonicum esophageal gland proteins for incorporation into vaccine constructs.
NAA and 6-BA promote accumulation of oleanolic acid by JA regulation in Achyranthes bidentata Bl.
Proteolysis and cartilage development are activated in the synovium after surgical induction of post traumatic osteoarthritis.
Moving towards a systems-based classification of innate immune-mediated diseases.
Mesenchymal stem cells as new perspective for the treatment of alcohol use disorder.
Methylation of the LEP gene promoter in blood at 12 months and BMI at 4 years of age-a population-based cohort study.
Epithelial-mesenchymal transition gene signature is associated with prognosis and tumor microenvironment in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Author Correction: Comprehensive analysis of correlations among codon usage bias, gene expression, and substitution rate in Arachis duranensis and Arachis ipaensis orthologs.
Endothelin-1 Mediated Decrease in Mitochondrial Gene Expression and Bioenergetics Contribute to Neurodegeneration of Retinal Ganglion Cells.
Integrated metabolome analysis reveals novel connections between maternal fecal metabolome and the neonatal blood metabolome in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Hypercholesterolemia Accelerates the Aging Phenotypes of Hematopoietic Stem Cells by a Tet1-Dependent Pathway.
HDAC6, modulated by miR-206, promotes endometrial cancer progression through the PTEN/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Allograft inflammatory factor-1-like is not essential for age dependent weight gain or HFD-induced obesity and glucose insensitivity.
Increased Lung Catalase Activity Confers Protection Against Experimental RSV Infection.
Sodium-hydrogen exchanger 6 (NHE6) deficiency leads to hearing loss, via reduced endosomal signalling through the BDNF/Trk pathway.
Hyperprogression under Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor: a potential role for germinal immunogenetics.
Prevalence and clinical features of hearing loss caused by EYA4 variants.
Identifying relationships between imaging phenotypes and lung cancer-related mutation status: EGFR and KRAS.
Garlic alters the expression of putative virulence factor genes SIR2 and ECE1 in vulvovaginal C. albicans isolates.
Whole embryo culture, transcriptomics and RNA interference identify TBX1 and FGF11 as novel regulators of limb development in the mouse.
Network modeling of patients \'  biomolecular profiles for clinical phenotype/outcome prediction.
Cerebellum-enriched protein INPP5A contributes to selective neuropathology in mouse model of spinocerebellar ataxias type 17.
Gene therapy conversion of striatal astrocytes into GABAergic neurons in mouse models of Huntington \' s disease.
A comparative genomics study of 23 Aspergillus species from section Flavi.
Common transcriptional signatures of neuropathic pain.
Decolonization of multi-drug resistant bacteria by fecal microbiota transplantation in five pediatric patients before allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: gut microbiota profiling, infectious and clinical outcomes.
The Coup-TFII orphan nuclear receptor is an activator of the gamma-globin gene.
Structural basis of cell surface signaling by a conserved sigma regulator in Gram-negative bacteria.
Emerging roles for R-loop structures in the management of topological stress.
Intraspecific variation in sensitivity to food availability and temperature-induced phenotypic plasticity in the rotifer Keratella cochlearis.
Genome Sequence of a Potentially New Buttiauxella Species, Strain B2, Isolated from Rhizosphere of Olivillo Trees (Aextoxicon punctatum).
Genome Sequence of Escherichia coli KI683, Isolated from a Urosepsis Patient.
Genetic profile and functional proteomics of anal squamous cell carcinoma: proposal for a molecular classification.
Identification of a new beta-thalassaemia variant Term CD+32(HBB: c.32A&gt;C) in two Chinese families.
Gene-Diet Interactions: Dietary Rescue of Metabolic Defects in spen-depleted Drosophila melanogaster.
Reduced circulating levels of chemokine CXCL14 in adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome: normalization after insulin sensitization.
Graves \'  disease: Epidemiology, genetic and environmental risk factors and viruses.
Characterization of Pseudomonas lytic phages and their application as a cocktail with antibiotics in controlling Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Chondrogenic differentiation of mesenchymal stem/stromal cells on 3D porous poly (epsilon-caprolactone) scaffolds: Effects of material alkaline treatment and chondroitin sulfate supplementation.
Doctors in Star Trek: Dr. Phlox in Star Trek: Enterprise.
Value of Hand-held Ultrasound in the Differential Diagnosis and Accurate Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System Subclassification of Complex Cystic and Solid Breast Lesions.
Polymorphisms and rare variants identified by next-generation sequencing confer risk for lung cancer in han Chinese population.
Comprehensive analysis of 34 MiT family translocation renal cell carcinomas and review of the literature: investigating prognostic markers and therapy targets.
A codon-pair deoptimized live-attenuated vaccine against respiratory syncytial virus is immunogenic and efficacious in non-human primates.
MICA and KLRK1 genes and their impact in cervical intraepithelial neoplasia development in the southern Brazilian population.
MiR-315 is required for neural development and represses the expression of dFMR1 in Drosophila melanogaster.
Management of metabolic syndrome and reduction in body weight in type II diabetic mice by inhibiting glycosphingolipid synthesis.
Determination of the concentration of transcription factor by using exonuclease III-aided amplification and gold nanoparticle mediated fluorescence intensity: A new method for gene transcription related enzyme detection.
Regenerating zebrafish fin epigenome is characterized by stable lineage-specific DNA methylation and dynamic chromatin accessibility.
Prevalence and molecular characterizations of Staphylococcus aureus nasal colonization among patients in pediatric intensive care units in Taiwan.
Lower plasma cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and LDL-lipoprotein subclasses in adult phenylketonuria (PKU) patients compared to healthy controls: results of NMR metabolomics investigation.
Characterization of novel LncRNA P14AS as a protector of ANRIL through AUF1 binding in human cells.
CAF secreted miR-522 suppresses ferroptosis and promotes acquired chemo-resistance in gastric cancer.
m6A demethylase ALKBH5 inhibits tumor growth and metastasis by reducing YTHDFs-mediated YAP expression and inhibiting miR-107/LATS2-mediated YAP activity in NSCLC.
GR, Sgk1, and NDRG1 in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: their correlation with therapeutic outcome of neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Loci associated with variation in gene expression and growth in juvenile salmon are influenced by the presence of a growth hormone transgene.
Genomic insight into the origins and evolution of symbiosis genes in Phaseolus vulgaris microsymbionts.
Unusual sequence characteristics of human chromosome 19 are conserved across 11 nonhuman primates.
Transcriptome analysis reveals the defense mechanism of cotton against Verticillium dahliae in the presence of the biocontrol fungus Chaetomium globosum CEF-082.
Global Assessment of Mendelian Stroke Genetic Prevalence in 101 635 Individuals From 7 Ethnic Groups.
Mapping of Stripe Rust and Leaf Rust Resistance QTL in the Chinese Spring Wheat Line Mianyang351-15.
The Lnc LINC00461/miR-30a-5p facilitates progression and malignancy in non-small cell lung cancer via regulating ZEB2.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion polymorphism and high-altitude pulmonary edema: An updated meta-analysis.
HX008: a humanized PD-1 blocking antibody with potent antitumor activity and superior pharmacologic properties.
LncRNA TDRG1 promotes the proliferation, migration, and invasion of cervical cancer cells by sponging miR-214-5p to target SOX4.
Glucocerebrosidase as a therapeutic target for Parkinson \' s disease.
EcoToxModules: Custom gene sets to organize and analyze toxicogenomics data from ecological species.
Molecular Determining of HIV-1 with the Presence of Hepatitis B Virus and Hepatitis C Virus Co-infections
Association of the thyroid hormone responsive spot 14 alpha gene with growth-related traits in Korean native chicken.
Effect of JAK-STAT pathway in regulation of fatty liver hemorrhagic syndrome in chickens.
Association of UDP-galactose-4-epimerase (GALE) with milk protein concentration in the Chinese Holstein population.
Clinical Implications of Circulating Tumor DNA from Ascites and Serial Plasma in Ovarian Cancer.
Functions of Vertebrate Ferlins.
The Disturbed Iron Phenotype of Tumor Cells and Macrophages in Renal Cell Carcinoma Influences Tumor Growth.
Reduced SKP1 Expression Induces Chromosome Instability through Aberrant Cyclin E1 Protein Turnover.
Ticagrelor Increases SIRT1 and HES1 mRNA Levels in Peripheral Blood Cells from Patients with Stable Coronary Artery Disease and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Ethylene Biosynthesis Inhibition Combined with Cyanide Degradation Confer Resistance to Quinclorac in Echinochloa crus-galli var. mitis.
Synergistic Upregulation of Target Genes by TET1 and VP64 in the dCas9-SunTag Platform.
Hydropriming and Biopriming Improve Medicago truncatula Seed Germination and Upregulate DNA Repair and Antioxidant Genes.
Transcriptomic Analysis Reveals the Molecular Adaptation of Three Major Secondary Metabolic Pathways to Multiple Macronutrient Starvation in Tea (Camellia sinensis).
Potential Applications of NRF2 Modulators in Cancer Therapy.
Anti-Inflammatory and Antioxidant Properties of the Ethanol Extract of Clerodendrum Cyrtophyllum Turcz in Copper Sulfate-Induced Inflammation in Zebrafish.
Enterotoxin Genes, Antibiotic Susceptibility, and Biofilm Formation of Low-Temperature-Tolerant Bacillus cereus Isolated from Green Leaf Lettuce in the Cold Chain.
Injection Vaccines Formulated with Nucleotide, Liposomal or Mineral Oil Adjuvants Induce Distinct Differences in Immunogenicity in Rainbow Trout.
The Transcriptome of Pig Spermatozoa, and Its Role in Fertility.
Selenium Yeast Alleviates Ochratoxin A-Induced Hepatotoxicity via Modulation of the PI3K/AKT and Nrf2/Keap1 Signaling Pathways in Chickens.
The Contribution of Wastewater to the Transmission of Antimicrobial Resistance in the Environment: Implications of Mass Gathering Settings.
Identification of epsilon-Poly-L-lysine as an Antimicrobial Product from an Epichloe Endophyte and Isolation of Fungal epsilon-PL Synthetase Gene.
Whole Genome Sequence of Dermacoccus abyssi MT1.1 Isolated from the Challenger Deep of the Mariana Trench Reveals Phenazine Biosynthesis Locus and Environmental Adaptation Factors.
Crosstalk between RNA Metabolism and Cellular Stress Responses during Zika Virus Replication.
Retrotransposons Manipulating Mammalian Skeletal Development in Chondrocytes.
Bacterial Enhancer Binding Proteins-AAA+ Proteins in Transcription Activation.
Two New Sturgeon Species are Susceptible to Acipenser Iridovirus European (AcIV-E) Infection.
Chemical Standardization and Anti-Proliferative Activity of Ardisia elliptica Fruit against the HCT116 Human Colon Cancer Cell Line.
Niosome-Based Approach for In Situ Gene Delivery to Retina and Brain Cortex as Immune-Privileged Tissues.
miRNA-Based Rapid Differentiation of Purified Neurons from hPSCs Advancestowards Quick Screening for Neuronal Disease Phenotypes In Vitro.
Gut Microbiota as Important Mediator Between Diet and DNA Methylation and Histone Modifications in the Host.
Tepary Bean (Phaseolus acutifolius) Lectins Induce Apoptosis and Cell Arrest in G0/G1 by P53(Ser46) Phosphorylation in Colon Cancer Cells.
Highly Expressed miR-375 is not an Intracellular Oncogene in Merkel Cell Polyomavirus-Associated Merkel Cell Carcinoma.
Comparative Studies on the Polymorphism and Copy Number Variation of mtSSU rDNA in Ciliates (Protista, Ciliophora): Implications for Phylogenetic, Environmental, and Ecological Research.
Identification of Rhizospheric Actinomycete Streptomyces lavendulae SPS-33 and the Inhibitory Effect of its Volatile Organic Compounds against Ceratocystis Fimbriata in Postharvest Sweet Potato (Ipomoea Batatas (L.) Lam.).
Molecular Mechanisms Underpinning Aggregation in Acidiphilium sp. C61 Isolated from Iron-Rich Pelagic Aggregates.
An Integrated Multi-Omics Analysis Defines Key Pathway Alterations in a Diet-Induced Obesity Mouse Model.
Genomic and Metabolomic Analyses of Natural Products in Nodularia spumigena Isolated from a Shrimp Culture Pond.
Remediation of Crude Oil-Polluted Soil by the Bacterial Rhizosphere Community of Suaeda salsa Revealed by 16S rRNA Genes.
Targeted Protein Degradation by Chimeric Compounds using Hydrophobic E3 Ligands and Adamantane Moiety.
Multidrug-Resistant ESBL/AmpC-Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae Isolated from Healthy Thoroughbred Racehorses in Japan.
Biochanin A Inhibits Ruminal Nitrogen-Metabolizing Bacteria and Alleviates the Decomposition of Amino Acids and Urea In Vitro.
Analysis of the Complete Genome of the Alkaliphilic and Phototrophic Firmicute Heliorestis convoluta Strain HHT.
Estimating the Allele-Specific Expression of SNVs From 10x Genomics Single-Cell RNA-Sequencing Data.
Genetic Modifiers and Rare Mendelian Disease.
Ascorbic Acid 2-Glucoside Pretreatment Protects Cells from Ionizing Radiation, UVC, and Short Wavelength of UVB.
Modulation of Sex Pheromone Discrimination by A UDP-Glycosyltransferase in Drosophila melanogaster.
Variability in HIV-1 Integrase Gene and 3 \' -Polypurine Tract Sequences in Cameroon Clinical Isolates, and Implications for Integrase Inhibitors Efficacy.
Surface Response Based Modeling of Liposome Characteristics in a Periodic Disturbance Mixer.
Roles of Splicing Factors in Hormone-Related Cancer Progression.
Stress Reshapes the Physiological Response of Halophile Fungi to Salinity.
Chromothripsis and DNA Repair Disorders.
Nucleolar Organization and Functions in Health and Disease.
13 Plus 1: A 30-Year Perspective on Microtubule-Based Motility in Dictyostelium.
Down-regulation of SEPT9 inhibits glioma progression through suppressing TGF-beta-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT).
Update on targeted cancer therapies, single or in combination, and their fine tuning for precision medicine.
STING is an essential regulator of heart inflammation and fibrosis in mice with pathological cardiac hypertrophy via endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress.
Molecule mechanisms of Ganoderma lucidum treated hepatocellular carcinoma based on the transcriptional profiles and miRNA-target network.
Transcriptome profiling reveals multiple pathways responsible for the beneficial metabolic effects of Smilax glabra flavonoids in mouse 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
A comprehensive review of the role of long non-coding RNAs in organs with an endocrine function.
SNRPB promotes cervical cancer progression through repressing p53 expression.
ZNF687 mutations in an extended cohort of neoplastic transformations in Paget \' s disease of bone: implication for clinical pathology.
Association of clinical severity with FANCB variant type in Fanconi anemia.
Inhibition of mTOR via an AAV-Delivered shRNA Tested in a Rat OIR Model as a Potential Antiangiogenic Gene Therapy.
Association of a Variant in VWA3A with Response to Anti-Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Treatment in Neovascular AMD.
Mutation in Bmpr1b Leads to Optic Disc Coloboma and Ventral Retinal Gliosis in Mice.
The Neuropathology of MIRAGE Syndrome.
Investigation of SIRT1 gene variants in HIV-associated lipodystrophy and metabolic syndrome.
Machine learning on genome-wide association studies to predict the risk of radiation-associated contralateral breast cancer in the WECARE Study.
Serum miR-379 expression is related to the development and progression of hypercholesterolemia in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Microbial community structure shows differing levels of temporal stability in intertidal beach sands of the grand strand region of South Carolina.
Adaptive phenotypic modulations lead to therapy resistance in chronic myeloid leukemia cells.
Population structure and antimicrobial resistance patterns of Salmonella Typhi isolates in urban Dhaka, Bangladesh from 2004 to 2016.
Long-term Kinetics of Intragraft Gene Signatures in Renal Allograft Tolerance Induced by Transient Mixed Chimerism: Erratum.
Comparing Care of the Primary and Secondary Hemochromatosis Patients.
Influence of Polymorphisms in the Interleukin-18 Gene on Allergic Rhinitis: A Meta-Analysis.
Growth and Differentiation Factor 15 is secreted by skeletal muscle during exercise and promotes lipolysis in humans.
3D interactions with the GH locus in cellular signalling and cancer-related pathways.
Glucocorticoids regulate AKR1D1 activity in human liver in vitro and in vivo.
Challenges and opportunities in genetic counseling for hereditary endocrine neoplasia syndromes.
Antimicrobial Resistance Gene Prevalence in a Population of Patients with Advanced Dementia Is Related to Specific Pathobionts.
Versicolorin A, a precursor in aflatoxins biosynthesis, is a food contaminant toxic for human intestinal cells.
Pathways to sex determination in plants: how many roads lead to Rome?
We aren \' t good at picking candidate genes, and it \' s slowing us down.
The dual roles of calycosin in growth inhibition and metastatic progression during pancreatic cancer development: A "TGF-beta paradox".
Exploring the resistome, virulome and microbiome of drinking water in environmental and clinical settings.
Low Incidence of High-Grade Pancreatic Intraepithelial Neoplasia Lesions in a Crmp4 Gene-Deficient Mouse Model of Pancreatic Cancer.
Molecular Barcode Sequencing of the Whole Ligand Binding Domain of the ESR1 Gene in Cell-Free DNA from Patients with Metastatic Breast Cancer.
Novel pyrrolidinone derivative lacks claimed histamine H3 receptor stimulation in receptor binding and functional studies.
Prebiotic inulin consumption reduces dioxin-like PCB 126-mediated hepatotoxicity and gut dysbiosis in hyperlipidemic Ldlr deficient mice.
Identification of reliable marker genes for the detection of canine fecal contamination in sub-tropical Australia.
Impacts of metallic trace elements on an earthworm community in an urban wasteland: Emphasis on the bioaccumulation and genetic characteristics in Lumbricus castaneus.
Bentonite hydrochar composites mitigate ammonia volatilization from paddy soil and improve nitrogen use efficiency.
Potential of industrial composting and anaerobic digestion for the removal of antibiotics, antibiotic resistance genes and heavy metals from chicken manure.
Effects of domestic sewage from different sources on greenhouse gas emission and related microorganisms in straw-returning paddy fields.
Epidemiology of colistin-resistant, carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae and Acinetobacter baumannii in Croatia.
Evolutionary dynamics of influenza B strains detected from paediatric acute respiratory infections in central Vietnam.
Nitrogen removal in recirculating aquaculture water with high dissolved oxygen conditions using the simultaneous partial nitrification, anammox and denitrification system.
Two-stage biosynthesis of D-tagatose from milk whey powder by an engineered Escherichia coli strain expressing L-arabinose isomerase from Lactobacillus plantarum.
Nitrogen removal performance in pilot-scale solid-phase denitrification systems using novel biodegradable blends for treatment of waste water treatment plants effluent.
Scaffold-Free Tissue Engineering with Aligned Bone Marrow Stromal Cell Sheets to Recapitulate the Microstructural and Biochemical Composition of Annulus Fibrosus.
Nanostructured recombinant protein particles raise specific antibodies against the nodavirus NNV coat protein in sole.
Deiminated proteins and extracellular vesicles as novel biomarkers in pinnipeds: Grey seal (Halichoerus gryptus) and harbour seal (Phoca vitulina).
Is the gut microbiota dysbiotic in patients with classical homocystinuria?
Cytochrome 450 metabolites of arachidonic acid (20-HETE, 11,12-EET and 14,15-EET) promote pheochromocytoma cell growth and tumor associated angiogenesis.
PA5001 gene involves in swimming motility and biofilm formation in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
An endophytic strain of the genus Bacillus isolated from the seeds of maize (Zea mays L.) has antagonistic activity against maize pathogenic strains.
Auxin efflux carriers, MiPINs, are involved in adventitious root formation of mango cotyledon segments.
Hemocyte-targeted gene expression in the female malaria mosquito using the hemolectin promoter from Drosophila.
Spatial and temporal control of gene manipulation in Drosophila via drug-activated Cas9 nucleases.
Developmental expression of doublesex-related transcripts in the common house spider, Parasteatoda tepidariorum.
Rapid differential detection of Genotype I and III Japanese Encephalitis Virus from clinical samples by a novel duplex TaqMan probe-based RT-qPCR assay.
Hepatoprotective effect of total flavonoids of Mallotus apelta (Lour.) Muell.Arg. leaf against carbon tetrachloride-induced liver fibrosis in rats via modulation of TGF-beta1/Smad and NF-kappaB signaling pathways.
Ultra-Deep Coverage Single-Molecule R-loop Footprinting Reveals Principles of R-loop Formation.
The basal level of gene expression associated with chromatin loosening shapes Waddington landscapes and controls cell differentiation.
TMAVA, a Metabolite of Intestinal Microbes, Is Increased in Plasma From Patients With Liver Steatosis, Inhibits gamma-butyrobetaine Hydroxylase, and Exacerbates Fatty Liver in Mice.
Circadian analysis of the mouse retinal pigment epithelium transcriptome.
Increased activation ability of monocytes from ALS patients.
Population genomics of honey bees reveals a selection signature indispensable for royal jelly production.
H2S-producing enzymes in anoxia-tolerant vertebrates: Effects of cold acclimation, anoxia exposure and reoxygenation on gene and protein expression.
Effect of enzyme-assisted extraction on the physicochemical properties and bioactive potential of lotus leaf polysaccharides.
Upregulation of heme oxygenase-1 by Brahma-related gene 1 through Nrf2 signaling confers protective effect against high glucose-induced oxidative damage of retinal ganglion cells.
Epigenetic-sensitive pathways in personalized therapy of major cardiovascular diseases.
Medulloblastoma: Molecular understanding, treatment evolution, and new developments.
NRF2 Activates Growth Factor Genes and Downstream AKT Signaling to Induce Mouse and Human Hepatomegaly.
New insights on the epidemiology of Coxiella burnetii in pet dogs and cats from New South Wales, Australia.
Ribosomal heterogeneity - a new inroad for pharmacological innovation.
MicroRNA biomarkers for chemical hazard screening identified by RNA deep sequencing analysis in mouse embryonic stem cells.
Transfer RNA: The molecular demiurge in the origin of biological systems.
NTRK gene fusions: a rough diamond ready to sparkle.
Pre-arrayed Pan-AAV Peptide Display Libraries for Rapid Single-Round Screening.
Uncovering cell biology in the third dimension.
Root Rot of Juniperus and Microbiota by Phytophthora lateralis in Oregon Horticultural Nurseries.
Rett Syndrome, a Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Whole-Transcriptome, and Mitochondrial Genome Multiomics Analyses Identify Novel Variations and Disease Pathways.
Porphyromonas gingivalis Sphingolipid Synthesis Limits the Host Inflammatory Response.
Prognostic Role of Zinc Finger Homeobox 4 in Ovarian Serous Cystadenocarcinoma.
Cores of Reproducibility in Physiology (CORP): Using transgenic mice to study skeletal muscle physiology.
Effects of 7 C environmental temperature during a 3-week training period.
The Replacement of Fetal Bovine Serum with Bovine Serum Albumin During Oocyte Maturation and Embryo Culture Does Not Improve Blastocyst Quality After Slow Freezing Cryopreservation.
Identification of a Multi-RNA-Type-Based Signature for Recurrence-Free Survival Prediction in Patients with Uterine Corpus Endometrial Carcinoma.
When Does the IC50 Accurately Assess the Blocking Potency of a Drug?
[Autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome. Update and review].
Biallelic loss-of-function variants in RBL2 in siblings with a neurodevelopmental disorder.
Modeling Epithelial Homeostasis and Reactive Epithelial Changes in Human and Murine Three-Dimensional Esophageal Organoids.
Role of miRNA-542-5p in the tumorigenesis of osteosarcoma.
An Overview of Molecular Genetic Diagnosis Techniques.
A case of self-improving collodion ichthyosis in Vietnam.
Finding the metabolomic signature of drought resistance in poplar.
Comparison of microbiota, antimicrobial resistance genes and mobile genetic elements in flies and the feces of sympatric animals.
Determining the biological mechanisms of action for environmental exposures: Applying CRISPR/Cas9 to toxicological assessments.
ARGONAUTE5 Represses Age-Dependent Induction of Flowering Through Physical and Functional Interaction with miR156 in Arabidopsis.
Enhanced mating-type switching and sexual hybridization in heterothallic yeast Yarrowia lipolytica.
Spatio-temporal formation of biofilms and extracellular matrix analysis in Azospirillum brasilense.
YUCCA4 overexpression modulates auxin biosynthesis and transport and influences plant growth and development via crosstalk with abscisic acid in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Novel mutation in ENG gene causing Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia in a Peruvian family.
[Clinical and genetic characteristics of epilepsy caused by mutations in the PCDH19 gene (OMIM: 300088)].
[Epigenetic regulation of clinical manifestations of Friedreich \' s disease].
An exploratory study on the simultaneous screening for residues of chloramphenicol, ciprofloxacin and sulphadimidine using recombinant antibodies.
RXRalpha cooperates with KLF8 to promote the differentiation of intramuscular preadipocytes in goat.
Effects of various side stream phosphorus recovery volume on the performance and microbial structures of mainstream biological system.
The Reemergence of Specialty Pharmacy.
Cordycepin exhibits a suppressive effect on T cells through inhibiting TCR signaling cascade in CFA-induced inflammation mice model.
Role of TET Dioxygenases and DNA Hydroxymethylation in Bisphenols-Stimulated Proliferation of Breast Cancer Cells.
Identification of the uptake transporter responsible for distribution of acotiamide into stomach tissue.
The Chemistry and Biology of Bactobolin: A 10-Year Collaboration with Natural Product Chemist Extraordinaire Jon Clardy.
Ataxia, tremor, intellectual disability: a case of STXBP1 encephalopathy with a new mutation.
A method to generate multi-locus barcodes of pinned insect specimens using MiSeq.
iTRAQ-based Proteomics Reveals that the Tomato ms1035 Gene Causes Male Sterility Through Compromising Fat Acid Metabolism.
CircPRKCI relieves lipopolysaccharide-induced HK2 cell injury by upregulating the expression of miR-545 target gene ZEB2.
Designer genetically-encoded voltage-dependent calcium channel inhibitors inspired by RGK GTPases.
The distribution of hepatitis B virus surface antigen polymorphisms at positions associated with vaccine escape.
Evolutionary history, potential intermediate animal host, and cross-species analyses of SARS-CoV-2.
An improved fluorescent protein-based expression reporter system that utilizes bioluminescence resonance energy transfer and peptide-assisted complementation.
Leucine and isoleucine have similar effects on reducing lipid accumulation, improving insulin sensitivity and increasing the browning of WAT in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Use of PCSK9 Inhibitor in a Mexican Boy with Compound Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia: A Case Report.
Antifungal susceptibility pattern and biofilm-related genes expression in planktonic and biofilm cells of Candida parapsilosis species complex.
A Novel Schizophrenia Diagnostic Model Based on Statistically Significant Changes in Gene Methylation in Specific Brain Regions.
Analysis of the Expression of Cell Division Cycle-Associated Genes and Its Prognostic Significance in Human Lung Carcinoma: A Review of the Literature Databases.
Beyond Acephalic Spermatozoa: The Complexity of Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection Outcomes.
A Novel Three-miRNA Signature Identified Using Bioinformatics Predicts Survival in Esophageal Carcinoma.
Construction and Comprehensive Analyses of a Competing Endogenous RNA Network in Tumor-Node-Metastasis Stage I Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Molecular Epidemiology of GI.3 Norovirus Outbreaks from Acute Gastroenteritis Surveillance System in Taiwan, 2015-2019.
A Simple Method for the Design and Development of Flavivirus NS1 Recombinant Proteins Using an In Silico Approach.
PCK1 Deficiency Shortens the Replicative Lifespan of Saccharomyces cerevisiae through Upregulation of PFK1.
Porcupine Inhibitor LGK974 Downregulates the Wnt Signaling Pathway and Inhibits Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Liver and Cardiac Involvement in Shwachman-Diamond Syndrome: A Literature Review.
The Effects and Mechanism of Quercetin Dietary Supplementation in Streptozotocin-Induced Hyperglycemic Arbor Acre Broilers.
Metformin Reduces the Senescence of Renal Tubular Epithelial Cells in Diabetic Nephropathy via the MBNL1/miR-130a-3p/STAT3 Pathway.
The HIPPO Transducer YAP and Its Targets CTGF and Cyr61 Drive a Paracrine Signalling in Cold Atmospheric Plasma-Mediated Wound Healing.
The Antiaging Activity of Ergothioneine in UVA-Irradiated Human Dermal Fibroblasts via the Inhibition of the AP-1 Pathway and the Activation of Nrf2-Mediated Antioxidant Genes.
Electroacupuncture to Increase Neuronal Stem Cell Growth.
NOTCH4 maintains quiescent mesenchymal-like breast cancer stem cells via transcriptionally activating SLUG and GAS1 in triple-negative breast cancer.
Erratum: Dual target gene therapy to EML4-ALK NSCLC by a gold nanoshell-based system: Erratum.
The SIRT2-mediated deacetylation of AKR1C1 is required for suppressing its pro-metastasis function in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
A mouse model of MSU-induced acute inflammation in vivo suggests imiquimod-dependent targeting of Il-1beta as relevant therapy for gout patients.
The c-Myc/miR-27b-3p/ATG10 regulatory axis regulates chemoresistance in colorectal cancer.
Design, mechanism, delivery and therapeutics of canonical and Dicer-substrate siRNA.
Small GTPases: Structure, biological function and its interaction with nanoparticles.
Effect of DEC1 on the proliferation, adhesion, invasion and epithelial-mesenchymal transition of osteosarcoma cells.
Gremlin mediates the TGF-beta-induced induction of profibrogenic genes in human retinal pigment epithelial cells.
Therapeutic effect of Resveratrol in the treatment of osteoarthritis via the MALAT1/miR-9/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Effects of tenuifolin on rest/wake behaviour in zebrafish.
Plantamajoside represses the growth and metastasis of malignant melanoma.
Identification of differentially expressed miRNAs associated with thermal injury in epidermal stem cells based on RNA-sequencing.
Effects of miR-21 on proliferation and apoptosis of WT cells via PTEN/Akt pathway.
Extracellular production of recombinant sus scrofa trefoil factor 3 by Brevibacillus choshinensis.
Atorvastatin promotes AMPK signaling to protect against high fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver in golden hamsters.
Fluvastatin protects myocardial cells in mice with acute myocardial infarction through inhibiting RhoA/ROCK pathway.
miR-584 inhibits cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro and enhances the sensitivity to cisplatin in human cervical cancer by negatively targeting GLI1.
Low expression and hypermethylation of FOXP3 in regulatory T cells are associated with asthma in children.
Complete genome sequences of two Enterococcus faecium strains and comparative genomic analysis.
Cytostatic effects of plant essential oils on human skin and lung cells.
Clinical significance of miR-181a in patients with neonatal sepsis and its regulatory role in the lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammatory response.
Effect of miR-144-5p on the proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis of human umbilical vein endothelial cells by targeting RICTOR and its related mechanisms.
Suppression of alpha-methylacyl-coenzyme A racemase by miR200c inhibits prostate adenocarcinoma cell proliferation and migration.
Integrative module analysis of HCC gene expression landscapes.
Transcriptomic analysis reveals moderate modulation of macrophage migration inhibitory factor superfamily genes in alcohol use disorders.
Systematic prediction of the biological functions of TAS2R10 using positive co-expression analysis.
Adipose tissue-derived stem cells modulate immune function in vivo and promote long-term hematopoiesis in vitro using the aGVHD model.
Expression of melanocortin 1 receptor before and after narrowband UVB phototherapy treatment in patients with stable vitiligo: A prospective study.
lncRNA XIST promotes glioma proliferation and metastasis through miR-133a/SOX4.
Function and mechanisms of microRNA-20a in colorectal cancer.
Zhibaidihuang Decoction Ameliorates Cell Oxidative Stress by Regulating the Keap1-Nrf2-ARE Signalling Pathway.
Network Pharmacology-Based Investigation of the System-Level Molecular Mechanisms of the Hematopoietic Activity of Samul-Tang, a Traditional Korean Herbal Formula.
Electroacupuncture Alleviates Pain-Related Emotion by Upregulating the Expression of NPS and Its Receptor NPSR in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Hypothalamus.
Electroacupuncture Alleviates Experimental Chronic Inflammatory Pain by Inhibiting Calcium Voltage-Gated Channel-Mediated Inflammation.
Substance P Administered after Myocardial Infarction Upregulates Microphthalmia-Associated Transcription Factor, GATA4, and the Expansion of c-Kit+ Cells.
Identification of a Modified HOXB9 mRNA in Breast Cancer.
Antitumor Activity of Ficus deltoidea Extract on Oral Cancer: An In Vivo Study.
Dietary Supplemental Glutamine Enhances the Percentage of Circulating Endothelial Progenitor Cells in Mice with High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity Subjected to Hind Limb Ischemia.
Genetic diversity and population structure of Terapon jarbua (Forskal, 1775) (Teleostei, Terapontidae) in Malaysian waters.
Four new species of the primitively segmented spider genus Qiongthela from Hainan Island, China (Mesothelae, Liphistiidae).
Effects of Nicotinamide on Cervical Cancer-Derived Fibroblasts: Evidence for Therapeutic Potential.
Demethylation of the Cosmc Promoter Alleviates the Progression of Breast Cancer Through Downregulation of the Tn and Sialyl-Tn Antigens.
MicroRNA-146a as a Prognostic Biomarker for Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Associations Between miRNAs and Two Different Cancers: Breast and Colon.
Circulating Tumor Cells as a Biomarker to Assist Molecular Diagnosis for Early Stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Some of the Factors Involved in Male Infertility: A Prospective Review.
HMGA2 Polymorphisms and Hepatoblastoma Susceptibility: A Five-Center Case-Control Study.
PHEX Gene Mutation in a Patient with X-Linked Hypophosphatemic Rickets in a Developing Country.
Integrated Gene Expression Profiling Analysis Reveals Probable Molecular Mechanism and Candidate Biomarker in Anti-TNFalpha Non-Response IBD Patients.
The Association Between Sortilin and Inflammation in Patients with Coronary Heart Disease.
Recent Advances in Neonatal Diabetes.
High Rates of Antimicrobial Resistance and Virulence Gene Distribution Among Shigella spp. Isolated from Pediatric Patients in Tehran, Iran.
Efflux Pumps Contribute to Intrinsic Clarithromycin Resistance in Clinical, Mycobacterium abscessus Isolates.
Detection of Chromosomal and Plasmid-Mediated Quinolone Resistance Among Escherichia coli Isolated from Urinary Tract Infection Cases; Zagazig University Hospitals, Egypt.
Antifungal Activity of ZnO Nanoparticles and Nystatin and Downregulation of SAP1-3 Genes Expression in Fluconazole-Resistant Candida albicans Isolates from Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.
Lentivirus-Mediated VEGF Knockdown Suppresses Gastric Cancer Cell Proliferation and Tumor Growth in vitro and in vivo.
gamma-Catenin Overexpression in AML Patients May Promote Tumor Cell Survival via Activation of the Wnt/beta-Catenin Axis.
MicroRNA-1246 Promotes Melanoma Progression Through Targeting FOXA2.
Transcriptomics Analysis of the Tumor-Inhibitory Pathways of 6-Thioguanine in MCF-7 Cells via Silencing DNMT1 Activity.
LncRNA PCAT6 Accelerates the Progression and Chemoresistance of Cervical Cancer Through Up-Regulating ZEB1 by Sponging miR-543.
IFI30 Is a Novel Immune-Related Target with Predicting Value of Prognosis and Treatment Response in Glioblastoma.
Inhibition of cyclinB1 Suppressed the Proliferation, Invasion, and Epithelial Mesenchymal Transition of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cells and Enhanced the Sensitivity to TRAIL-Induced Apoptosis.
ABCA7 Gene Expression and Genetic Association Study in Schizophrenia.
The CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*17 Polymorphisms Influence Responses to Clozapine for the Treatment of Schizophrenia.
Silibinin Augments the Antifibrotic Effect of Valsartan Through Inactivation of TGF-beta1 Signaling in Kidney.
Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency: Therapeutic Options.
Regulations of miR-183-5p and Snail-Mediated Shikonin-Reduced Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition in Cervical Cancer Cells.
Expression of miR-1304 in patients with esophageal carcinoma and risk factors for recurrence.
Characterizing the composition of intestinal microflora by 16S rRNA gene sequencing.
Stochastic analysis of genetic feedback controllers to reprogram a pluripotency gene regulatory network.
Construction for Long Non-Coding RNA (lncRNA)-Associated Competing Endogenous RNA (ceRNA) Network in Human Retinal Detachment (RD) with Proliferative Vitreoretinopathy (PVR).
IFNT-independent effects of intrauterine extracellular vesicles (EVs) in cattle.
Maternal peri-conceptional undernourishment perturbs offspring sperm methylome.
Prevalence and molecular characterization of Spirometra erinaceieuropaei spargana in snakes in Hunan Province, China.
Gene expression profiles of bovine uninucleate trophoblast cells and trophoblast giant cells: a data note.
Identification and evaluation of UL36 protein from Dermacentor silvarum salivary gland and its interaction with Anaplasma ovis VirB10.
Genotypic and phenotypic analysis of biofilm formation Staphylococcus epidermidis isolates from clinical specimens.
A modular pathway engineering strategy for the high-level production of beta-ionone in Yarrowia lipolytica.
CCL2-CCR2 axis recruits tumor associated macrophages to induce immune evasion through PD-1 signaling in esophageal carcinogenesis.
Epidemiology of malaria and chloroquine resistance in Mizoram, northeastern India, a malaria-endemic region bordering Myanmar.
Uncommon clinical presentation of cystic fibrosis in a patient homozygous for a rare CFTR mutation: a case report.
Cotton roots are the major source of gossypol biosynthesis and accumulation.
Identification of microRNAs in developing wheat grain that are potentially involved in regulating grain characteristics and the response to nitrogen levels.
Publication rates and reported results in a cohort of gene- and cell-based therapy trials.
New mutation found to cause hereditary thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura in a patient presenting with seizures in adulthood.
Genetic variants in class II transactivator are associated with chronic hepatitis B virus infection in the Han Chinese population.
Increased Estrogen Levels Altered MicroRNA Expression in Prostate and Plasma of Rats Dosed with Sex Hormones.
Organismal benefits of transcription speed control at gene boundaries.
Characterization of (Boc-Cys/Sec-NHMe)2 and (Boc-Cys/Sec-OMe)2 : Evidence of local conformational difference between disulfide and diselenide.
Association of PARP1 polymorphisms with response to chemotherapy in patients with high-risk neuroblastoma.
Satellite cell-specific ablation of Cdon impairs integrin activation, FGF signalling, and muscle regeneration.
Loss of GATA6 expression promotes lymphatic metastasis in bladder cancer.
Host factors influence the sex of nematodes parasitizing roots of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Pivotal cytokines and their transcription factors are the targets of guluronic acid (G2013) for inhibiting the immunopathogenesis process of multiple sclerosis.
The derived neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio is an independent prognostic factor in patients with angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma.
A Closed-Tube Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification Assay for the Visual Detection of Staphylococcus aureus.
Adrenomedullin expression in aortic artery wall of diabetic rats given alpha lipoic acid.
Investigation of secondary metabolism in the industrial butanol hyper-producer Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum N1-4.
Paradesulfovibrio onnuriensis gen. nov., sp. nov., a chemolithoautotrophic sulfate-reducing bacterium isolated from the Onnuri vent field of the Indian Ocean and reclassification of Desulfovibrio senegalensis as Paradesulfovibrio senegalensis comb. nov.
Streptococcus pneumoniae aminopeptidase N contributes to bacterial virulence and elicits a strong innate immune response through MAPK and PI3K/AKT signaling.
N-Acetylcysteine Attenuates Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Osteolysis by Restoring Bone Remodeling Balance via Reduction of Reactive Oxygen Species Formation During Osteoclastogenesis.
Strengthening the functional research on the interaction between host genes and microbiota.
Lack of Association of Generic Brittle Status with Genetics and Physiologic Measures in Patients with Epilepsy.
Genomic taxonomy of the Mediterranei clade of the genus Vibrio (Gammaproteobacteria).
rAAV9-Mediated MEK1 Gene Expression Restores Post-conditioning Protection Against Ischemia Injury in Hypertrophic Myocardium.
A novel variant near LSP1P3 is associated with knee osteoarthritis in the Chinese population.
[Pathophysiological role of calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) in migraine and cluster headache].
Blood-based gene expression profile of oxidative stress and antioxidant genes for identifying surrogate markers of liver tissue injury in chronic hepatitis C patients.
Elevated TOP2A and UBE2C expressions correlate with poor prognosis in patients with surgically resected lung adenocarcinoma: a study based on immunohistochemical analysis and bioinformatics.
Identification of TSC1 or TSC2 mutation limited to the tumor in three cases of solitary subependymal giant cell astrocytoma using next-generation sequencing technology.
Artificial control of the multistep oxidation reactions catalyzed by the cytochrome P450 enzyme RosC.
Alginate oligosaccharide improves lipid metabolism and inflammation by modulating gut microbiota in high-fat diet fed mice.
Pathway-based signature transcriptional profiles as tolerance phenotypes for the adapted industrial yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae resistant to furfural and HMF.
Bacillomycin D effectively controls growth of Malassezia globosa by disrupting the cell membrane.
Gorillibacterium timonense sp. nov., isolated from an obese patient.
Predicted Drosophila Interactome Resource and web tool for functional interpretation of differentially expressed genes.
The embryonic linker histone dBigH1 alters the functional state of active chromatin.
Mis-expression of a transcriptional repressor candidate provides a molecular mechanism for the suppression of awns by Tipped 1 in wheat.
Tissue specific regulation of transcription in endometrium and association with disease.
Cooperative driver pathway discovery via fusion of multi-relational data of genes, miRNAs and pathways.
Regulation of human cerebral cortical development by EXOC7 and EXOC8, components of the exocyst complex, and roles in neural progenitor cell proliferation and survival.
Peripheral T cell expansion predicts tumour infiltration and clinical response.
Two conserved epigenetic regulators prevent healthy ageing.
Global chemical effects of the microbiome include new bile-acid conjugations.
MUC1 oncoprotein mitigates ER stress via CDA-mediated reprogramming of pyrimidine metabolism.
SMURF2 prevents detrimental changes to chromatin, protecting human dermal fibroblasts from chromosomal instability and tumorigenesis.
C1orf35 contributes to tumorigenesis by activating c-MYC transcription in multiple myeloma.
Publisher Correction: Global site-specific neddylation profiling reveals that NEDDylated cofilin regulates actin dynamics.
Tet3 ablation in adult brain neurons increases anxiety-like behavior and regulates cognitive function in mice.
5-Azacytidine inhaled dry powder formulation profoundly improves pharmacokinetics and efficacy for lung cancer therapy through genome reprogramming.
MBW complexes impinge on anthocyanidin reductase gene regulation for proanthocyanidin biosynthesis in persimmon fruit.
Prediction of Alzheimer \' s disease using blood gene expression data.
Regulation of Proteins in Human Skeletal Muscle: The Role of Transcription.
Novel pathways of HIV latency reactivation revealed by integrated analysis of transcriptome and target profile of bryostatin.
16S rRNA gene sequencing reveals an altered composition of the gut microbiota in chickens infected with a nephropathogenic infectious bronchitis virus.
Detection of mutations associated with artemisinin resistance at k13-propeller gene and a near complete return of chloroquine susceptible falciparum malaria in Southeast of Tanzania.
Leishmania donovani infection induce differential miRNA expression in CD4+ T cells.
Intestinal ex vivo organoid culture reveals altered programmed crypt stem cells in patients with celiac disease.
High WBP5 expression correlates with elevation of HOX genes levels and is associated with inferior survival in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia.
Streptonigrin at low concentration promotes heterochromatin formation.
Comparative transcriptomics of the pheromone glands provides new insights into the differentiation of sex pheromone between two host populations of Chilo suppressalis.
Characterization of intratissue bacterial communities and isolation of Escherichia coli from oral lichen planus lesions.
Diversity and function of multicopper oxidase genes in the stinkbug Plautia stali.
Cell surface GRP78 promotes stemness in normal and neoplastic cells.
In Vitro CRISPR/Cas9-Directed Gene Editing to Model LRRK2 G2019S Parkinson \' s Disease in Common Marmosets.
Spatial modeling of prostate cancer metabolic gene expression reveals extensive heterogeneity and selective vulnerabilities.
Establishment and optimization of a hemp (Cannabis sativa L.) agroinfiltration system for gene expression and silencing studies.
Transcriptome analysis of life stages of the house cricket, Acheta domesticus, to improve insect crop production.
Immunosuppressive effect and global dysregulation of blood transcriptome in response to psychosocial stress in vervet monkeys (Chlorocebus sabaeus).
PSEN1 variants in Korean patients with clinically suspicious early-onset familial Alzheimer \' s disease.
Enhanced Production of Tetramethylpyrazine in Bacillus licheniformis BL1 through aldC Over-expression and acetaldehyde Supplementation.
Single-cell Transcriptome Mapping Identifies Common and Cell-type Specific Genes Affected by Acute Delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol in Humans.
Role of cell-type specific nucleosome positioning in inducible activation of mammalian promoters.
Author Correction: The chromosomal organization of horizontal gene transfer in bacteria.
The epidermis coordinates thermoresponsive growth through the phyB-PIF4-auxin pathway.
The genome evolution and low-phosphorus adaptation in white lupin.
Candidate silencer elements for the human and mouse genomes.
A comprehensive non-redundant gene catalog reveals extensive within-community intraspecies diversity in the human vagina.
Pathogenic POGZ mutation causes impaired cortical development and reversible autism-like phenotypes.
The role of Mediator and Little Elongation Complex in transcription termination.
Identifying conserved molecular targets required for cell migration of glioblastoma cancer stem cells.
Urinary cell transcriptomics and acute rejection in human kidney allografts.
Identification of Alzheimer \' s disease-associated rare coding variants in the ECE2 gene.
Histone deacetylases 1 and 2 restrain CD4+ cytotoxic T lymphocyte differentiation.
Baseline plasma tumor mutation burden predicts response to pembrolizumab-based therapy in patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
Vitamin D Pathway and Other Related Polymorphisms and Risk of Prostate Cancer: Results from the Prostate Cancer Prevention Trial.
Laboratory Evolution Experiments Help Identify a Predominant Region of Constitutive Stable DNA Replication Initiation.
No Consistent Evidence for Microbiota in Murine Placental and Fetal Tissues.
Fecal Viral Community Responses to High-Fat Diet in Mice.
Age-Related Variation of Bacterial and Fungal Communities in Different Body Habitats across the Young, Elderly, and Centenarians in Sardinia.
Trypanosoma brucei RAP1 Has Essential Functional Domains That Are Required for Different Protein Interactions.
Tolerance induction and microglial engraftment after fetal therapy without conditioning in mice with Mucopolysaccharidosis type VII.
Diarrhoea may be underestimated: a missing link in 2019 novel coronavirus.
Neuronal, stromal, and T-regulatory cell crosstalk in murine skeletal muscle.
12/15-Lipoxygenase Deficiency Impairs Neutrophil Granulopoiesis and Lung Proinflammatory Responses to Aspergillus fumigatus.
Epidemiology of beta-Lactamase-Producing Pathogens.
A new gorilla adenoviral vector with natural lung tropism avoids liver toxicity and is amenable for capsid engineering and vector retargeting.
Identification and cloning of a new western Epstein-Barr virus strain that replicates efficiently in primary B cells.
The dual role of TLR7 in the pathogenesis of rabies virus in a mouse model.
High-throughput fluorescence-based screen identifies the neuronal microRNA miR-124 as a positive regulator of alphavirus infection.
Genomic investigation reveals contaminated detergent as the source of an ESBL-producing Klebsiella michiganensis outbreak in a neonatal unit.
PYHIN1 regulates pro-inflammatory cytokine induction rather than innate immune DNA sensing in airway epithelial cells.
Duplication of leucyl-tRNA synthetase in an archaeal extremophile may play a role in adaptation to variable environmental conditions.
The R-loop: An additional chromatin feature for gene regulation in Arabidopsis.
High-Throughput CRISPR/Cas9 Mutagenesis Streamlines Trait Gene Identification in Maize.
LncRNA AK036396 inhibits maturation and accelerates immunosuppression of polymorphonuclear myeloid-derived suppressor cells by enhancing the stability of ficolin B.
Genomic Dissection of Anthracnose (Colletotrichum sublineolum) Resistance Response in Sorghum Differential Line SC112-14.
The Ligon lintless-2 short fiber mutation is located within a terminal deletion of chromosome 18 in cotton.
Impact of preconception vaginal microbiota on women \' s risk of spontaneous preterm birth: protocol for a prospective case-cohort study.
Identification and expression analyses of the NAC transcription factor family in Spartina alterniflora.
Identification, recombinant expression and immunological study of Lja-SHP2 in Lampetra japonica.
Bioinformatics analysis of differentially expressed genes on alopecia.
Studies of congenital cataract-related TSR1 mutation and its expression in the lens.
Progress on Mutator superfamily.
CTHRC1 affects malignant tumor cell behavior and is regulated by miR-30e-5p in human prostate cancer.
Multiple Border-Zone Infarcts Triggered by Influenza A Virus Infection in a Patient With Cerebral Autosomal Dominant Arteriopathy Presenting With Subcortical Infarcts and Leukoencephalopathy.
Outbreak of Clostridium perfringens food poisoning linked to leeks in cheese sauce: an unusual source.
Large-scale public data reuse to model immunotherapy response and resistance.
Identification of differentially expressed miRNAs in differentiating benign from malignant pleural effusion.
A new mouse line with reduced GluA2 Q/R site RNA editing exhibits loss of dendritic spines, hippocampal CA1-neuron loss, learning and memory impairments and NMDA receptor-independent seizure vulnerability.
Downregulation of hsa-microRNA-204-5p and identification of its potential regulatory network in non-small cell lung cancer: RT-qPCR, bioinformatic- and meta-analyses.
Nuclear Activation Function 2 Estrogen Receptor alpha Attenuates Arterial and Renal Alterations Due to Aging and Hypertension in Female Mice.
Primary cilium-dependent autophagy drafts PIK3C2A to generate PtdIns3P in response to shear stress.
Toll-like receptor 4 gene polymorphisms rs4986790 and rs4986791 and age-related macular degeneration susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Familial Acute Necrotizing Encephalopathy: Evidence From Next Generation Sequencing of Digenic Inheritance.
A Newly Discovered Genetic Disorder Associated With Life-Threatening Aortic Disease in a 6-Year-Old Boy.
Serum microRNA let-7a-1/let-7d/let-7f and miRNA 143/145 Gene Expression Profiles as Potential Biomarkers in HCV Induced Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Apoptosis Induced by Prednisolone Occurs without Altering the Promoter Methylation of BAX and BCL-2 Genes in Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Cells CCRF-CEM.
Genetic Polymorphism of GSTP1, GSTM1 and GSTT1 Genes and Susceptibility to Chronic Myeloid Leukaemia.
Value of CCNA1 promoter methylation in triaging ASC-US cytology.
Analysis of Heterozygous BRCA1 5382ins Founder Mutation in a Cohort of Egyptian Breast Cancer Female Patients Using Pyrosequencing Technique.
Expression of E- Cadherin and Levels of Dysplasia in Oral Leukoplakia - A Prospective Cohort Study.
Cyclin D1 Gene Numerical Imbalances in Laryngeal Squamous Cell Carcinoma: A Tissue Microarray Grid Based Analysis.
p53, Cyclin-D1, beta-catenin, APC and c-myc in Tumor Tissue from Colorectal and Gastric Cancer Patients with Suspected Lynch Syndrome by the Bethesda Criteria.
Genetic Polymorphism in TNF-alpha-308 G/A and TNF-beta +252 A/G, as Prognostic Biomarker in Breast Cancer Patients among Indian Population.
LncRNAs as Potential Therapeutic Targets in Thyroid Cancer.
MYC \' s Fine Line Between B Cell Development and Malignancy.
Detection of LINE-1 hypomethylation in cfDNA of Esophageal Adenocarcinoma Patients.
Phenotypic and Molecular Detection of Biofilm Formation in Staphylococcus aureus Isolated from Different Sources in Algeria.
Analysis and Identification of Tumorigenic Targets of MicroRNA in Cancer Cells by Photoreactive Chemical Probes.
A Systematic Approach to Bacterial Phylogeny Using Order Level Sampling and Identification of HGT Using Network Science.
Serendipitous In Situ Conservation of Faba Bean Landraces in Tunisia: A Case Study.
Computational Identification and Analysis of Ubiquinone-Binding Proteins.
Transcriptomic Analysis of the Brown Planthopper, Nilaparvata lugens, at Different Stages after Metarhizium anisopliae Challenge.
Transcriptional and Ultrastructural Analyses Suggest Novel Insights into Epithelial Barrier Impairment in Celiac Disease.
Effects of Inhibin A on Apoptosis and Proliferation of Bovine Granulosa Cells.
First Case of Typhoid Fever due to Extensively Drug-resistant Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi in Italy.
Non-Phosphorylatable PEA-15 Sensitises SKOV-3 Ovarian Cancer Cells to Cisplatin.
Acetate and Butyrate Improve beta-cell Metabolism and Mitochondrial Respiration under Oxidative Stress.
DEAD-box RNA Helicase DDX3: Functional Properties and Development of DDX3 Inhibitors as Antiviral and Anticancer Drugs.
Pollution Gradients Altered the Bacterial Community Composition and Stochastic Process of Rural Polluted Ponds.
Analysis of Killer Immunoglobulin-Like Receptor Genes in Colorectal Cancer.
Comprehensive Sequence Analysis of IQD Gene Family and their Expression Profiling in Grapevine (Vitis vinifera).
Characterization of Burn Eschar Pericytes.
Complete Chloroplast Genomes of Three Medicinal Alpinia Species: Genome Organization, Comparative Analyses and Phylogenetic Relationships in Family Zingiberaceae.
Detection of Pseudorabies Virus in Wild Boar Foetus.
Two New Alginate Lyases of PL7 and PL6 Families from Polysaccharide-Degrading Bacterium Formosa algae KMM 3553T: Structure, Properties, and Products Analysis.
Overcoming Resistance to FLT3 Inhibitors in the Treatment of FLT3-Mutated AML.
Downregulation of A20 Expression Increases the Immune Response and Apoptosis and Reduces Virus Production in Cells Infected by the Human Respiratory Syncytial Virus.
Perceptions and Misconceptions in Molecular Recognition: Key Factors in Self-Assembling Multivalent (SAMul) Ligands/Polyanions Selectivity.
A microRNA Expression Profile as Non-Invasive Biomarker in a Large Arrhythmogenic Cardiomyopathy Cohort.
Intratumoral Heterogeneity and Longitudinal Changes in Gene Expression Predict Differential Drug Sensitivity in Newly Diagnosed and Recurrent Glioblastoma.
Sex and Gender Aspects for Patient Stratification in Allergy Prevention and Treatment.
Novel Chaperones RrGroEL and RrGroES for Activity and Stability Enhancement of Nitrilase in Escherichia coli and Rhodococcus ruber.
An Engineered Gene Nanovehicle Developed for Smart Gene Therapy to Selectively Inhibit Smooth Muscle Cells: An In Vitro Study.
Strategy of Hepatic Metabolic Defects Induced by beclin1 Heterozygosity in Adult Zebrafish.
NOTO Transcription Factor Directs Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Mesendoderm Progenitors to a Notochordal Fate.
Sequencing and Analysis of the Genome of Propionibacterium Freudenreichii T82 Strain: Importance for Industry.
Evaluation and Analysis of Water Quality of Marine Aquaculture Area.
The Role of PGC-1alpha and Mitochondrial Biogenesis in Kidney Diseases.
Hypoxia-Induced Centrosome Amplification Underlies Aggressive Disease Course in HPV-Negative Oropharyngeal Squamous Cell Carcinomas.
Functional and Dysfunctional Neuroplasticity in Learning to Cope with Stress.
Similarities and Differences between Clear Cell Tubulo-Papillary and Conventional Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma: A Comparative Phenotypical and Mutational Analysis.
Substantial Antigenic Drift in the Hemagglutinin Protein of Swine Influenza A Viruses.
Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus: An Emerging Ancient Zoonosis?
Characterization of a Novel Rice Dynamic Narrow-Rolled Leaf Mutant with Deficiencies in Aromatic Amino Acids.
Running Head: Heat Affects Cholesterol and Bile Acid Alterations in Cholesterol and Bile Acids Metabolism in Large White Pigs during Short-Term Heat Exposure.
The Molecular Mechanism of Perillaldehyde Inducing Cell Death in Aspergillus flavus by Inhibiting Energy Metabolism Revealed by Transcriptome Sequencing.
Detection of rs665862918 (15-bp Indel) of the HIAT1 Gene and its Strong Genetic Effects on Growth Traits in Goats.
[Childhood reducing body myopathy caused by FHL1 gene variation in a child].
[Genotypes and phenotypes of nine Uygur children with osteogenesis imperfecta in Xinjiang].
[Clinical analysis of seven cases with primary hyperoxaluria type 1 in children].
[Clinical and genetic analysis of childhood-onset myoclonus dystonia syndrome caused by SGCE variants].
[Clinical phenotypes of epilepsy associated with GABRA1 gene variants].
[Genotype-phenotype analysis of a homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia pedigree].
[Research Progress in Consistency of Driver Gene Status between Primary and Corresponding Metastatic Lesions in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer].
Characteristics of Renal Cell Carcinoma Harboring TPM3-ALK Fusion.
The MicroRNA hsa-let-7g Promotes Proliferation and Inhibits Apoptosis in Lung Cancer by Targeting HOXB1.
Prevalence of Pseudoexfoliation Glaucoma Risk-associated Variants within Lysyl Oxidase-like 1 in an Irish Population.
Human global and population-specific genetic susceptibility to Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection and disease.
MicroRNAs: future biomarkers and targets of therapy in asthma?
Using cationic polyurethane-short branch PEI as microRNA-driven Nano-Delivery System for Stem Cell Differentiation.
Frequency of BRCA1 and BRCA2 Mutations in Individuals with Breast and Ovarian Cancer in a Chinese Hakka Population Using Next-Generation Sequencing.
The Combined Effect of Polygenic Risk from FTO and ADRB2 Gene Variants, Odds of Obesity, and Post-Hipcref Diet Differences.
Assessment of the Effect of Short-Term Combined High-Intensity Interval Training on TLR4, NF-kappaB and IRF3 Expression in Young Overweight and Obese Girls.
Enzymatic Degradation of p-Nitrophenyl Esters, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Cutin, and Suberin by Sub1, a Suberinase Encoded by the Plant Pathogen Streptomyces scabies.
MiR-140-3p Ameliorates the Progression of Osteoarthritis via Targeting CXCR4.
A Case of Cerebral Small Vessel Disease Related to a Heterozygous Nonsense Mutation in HTRA1.
A 29-year-old patient with adrenoleukodystrophy presenting with Addison \' s disease.
New insights into the molecular basis of lactase non-persistence/persistence: a brief review.
Usefulness of next-generation DNA sequencing for the diagnosis of urinary tract infection.
c.753A&gt;G genome editing of a Cdh23ahl allele delays age-related hearing loss and degeneration of cochlear hair cells in C57BL/6J mice.
Auto-ubiquitination of NEDD4-1 Recruits USP13 to Facilitate Autophagy through Deubiquitinating VPS34.
Directed Differentiation of Notochord-like and Nucleus Pulposus-like Cells Using Human Pluripotent Stem Cells.
TIFAB Regulates USP15-Mediated p53 Signaling during Stressed and Malignant Hematopoiesis.
Dissecting the Regulatory Strategies of NF-kappaB RelA Target Genes in the Inflammatory Response Reveals Differential Transactivation Logics.
Dense Transposon Integration Reveals Essential Cleavage and Polyadenylation Factors Promote Heterochromatin Formation.
Hedgehog Signaling Modulates Glial Proteostasis and Lifespan.
On Epigenetic Plasticity and Genome Topology.
Probing Mechanisms of Transcription Elongation Through Cell-to-Cell Variability of RNA Polymerase.
Transcription Factor Binding in Embryonic Stem Cells Is Constrained by DNA Sequence Repeat Symmetry.
Classification of Midbrain Dopamine Neurons Using Single-Cell Gene Expression Profiling Approaches.
Separating Functions of the Phage-Encoded Quorum-Sensing-Activated Antirepressor Qtip.
Dysbiosis-Induced Secondary Bile Acid Deficiency Promotes Intestinal Inflammation.
DNA-Based Delivery of Checkpoint Inhibitors in Muscle and Tumor Enables Long-Term Responses with Distinct Exposure.
MYC Regulation of D2HGDH and L2HGDH Influences the Epigenome and Epitranscriptome.
IpdE1-IpdE2 is a heterotetrameric acyl coenzyme A dehydrogenase that is widely distributed in steroid-degrading bacteria.
Effects of Germline VHL Deficiency on Growth, Metabolism, and Mitochondria.
Microbiota as Predictor of Mortality in Allogeneic Hematopoietic-Cell Transplantation.
Interaction analysis under misspecification of main effects: Some common mistakes and simple solutions.
Genetic Diversity of Culicoides stellifer (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae) in the Southeastern United States Compared With Sequences From Ontario, Canada.
Inactivation of thymidine kinase as a cause of resistance to zidovudine in clinical isolates of Escherichia coli: a phenotypic and genomic study.
Quantile-dependent expressivity of postprandial lipemia.
miR-101, miR-548b, miR-554, and miR-1202 are reliable prognosis predictors of the miRNAs associated with cancer immunity in primary central nervous system lymphoma.
Revealing the epigenetic effect of temozolomide on glioblastoma cell lines in therapeutic conditions.
Herpes simplex virus type 1 inflammasome activation in proinflammatory human macrophages is dependent on NLRP3, ASC, and caspase-1.
Dop1R1, a type 1 dopaminergic receptor expressed in Mushroom Bodies, modulates Drosophila larval locomotion.
KLF4 is required for suppression of histamine synthesis by polyamines during bone marrow-derived mast cell differentiation.
Transcriptomic profiling of PBDE-exposed HepaRG cells unveils critical lncRNA- PCG pairs involved in intermediary metabolism.
First Indian report on genome-wide comparison of multidrug-resistant Escherichia coli from blood stream infections.
Individualized genetic network analysis reveals new therapeutic vulnerabilities in 6,700 cancer genomes.
Non classic presentations of a genetic mutation typically associated with transient neonatal diabetes.
Familial dysalbuminemic hyperthyroxinemia confounding management of coexistent autoimmune thyroid disease.
Paracoccus aurantiacus sp. nov., isolated from shallow-sea hydrothermal systems off Kueishantao Island.
Paraburkholderia flava sp. nov., isolated from cool temperate forest soil.
Lactobacillus hegangensis sp. nov., Lactobacillus suibinensis sp. nov., Lactobacillus daqingensis sp. nov., Lactobacillus yichunensis sp. nov., Lactobacillus mulanensis sp. nov., Lactobacillus achengensis sp. nov., Lactobacillus wuchangensis sp. nov., Lactobacillus gannanensis sp. nov., Lactobacillus binensis sp. nov. and Lactobacillus angrenensis sp. nov., isolated from Chinese traditional pickle and yogurt.
Analysis of Lung Gene Expression Reveals a Role for Cl- channels in Diisocyanate Induced Airway Eosinophilia in a Mouse Model of Asthma Pathology.
Serine Protease Imbalance in the Small Airways and Development of Centrilobular Emphysema in COPD.
Implications of the evidence for breast conservation therapy in BRCA-gene mutation carriers.
HER2 Dual In Situ Hybridization: Correlations and Cautions.
Methyl Jasmonate Enhances Ethylene Synthesis in Kiwifruit by Inducing NAC Genes That Activate ACS1.
PDGFR-beta Promoter Forms a Vacancy G-Quadruplex that Can be Filled-in by dGMP: Solution Structure and Molecular Recognition of Guanine Metabolites and Drugs.
CRISPRi-Based Dynamic Control of Carbon Flow for Efficient N-Acetyl Glucosamine Production and Its Metabolomic Effects in Escherichia coli.
Diversity and functional analysis of Chinese bumblebee gut microbiota reveal the metabolic niche and antibiotic resistance variation of Gilliamella.
Localization elements and zip codes in the intracellular transport and localization of messenger RNAs in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Unveiling a sudden unexplained death case by whole exome sequencing and bioinformatic analysis.
Expression of human Kruppel-like factor 3 in peripheral blood as a promising biomarker for acute leukemia.
Up-regulation of microRNA-30b/30d cluster represses hepatocyte apoptosis in mice with fulminant hepatic failure by inhibiting CEACAM1.
Alteration of calcium signalling in cardiomyocyte induced by simulated microgravity and hypergravity.
Establishment a protocol for total RNA isolation from buffalo fresh and frozen semen for molecular applications.
Chromosomal-level assembly of Juglans sigillata genome using Nanopore, BioNano, and Hi-C analysis.
Complex evolution of insect insulin receptors and homologous decoy receptors, and functional significance of their multiplicity.
Whole-genome sequencing of the NARO World Rice Core Collection (WRC) as the basis for diversity and association studies.
Readthrough errors purge deleterious cryptic sequences, facilitating the birth of coding sequences.
Knockout of mouse receptor accessory protein 6 (REEP6) leads to sperm function and morphology defects.
Discovering and interpreting transcriptomic drivers of imaging traits using neural networks.
Composite Kernel Association Test (CKAT) for SNP-set Joint Assessment of Genotype and Genotype-by-treatment Interaction in Pharmacogenetics Studies.
Human embryo gene editing: God \' s scalpel or Pandora \' s box?
Bad Gene Hunting-Sudden Unexplained Death and Familial Long QT Syndrome.
Rapid and specific duplex detection of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus genes by surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy.
Ordered patterning of the sensory system is susceptible to stochastic features of gene expression.
Thermonuclease test accuracy is preserved in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates.
Antimicrobial resistance in Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli other than serotype O157 : H7 in England, 2014-2016.
mRNA modification orchestrates cancer stem cell fate decisions.
Towards a Better Understanding of Computational Models for Predicting DNA Methylation Effects at the Molecular Level.
Expression of Escherichia coli heat-labile enterotoxin B subunit in centella (Centella asiatica (L.) Urban) via biolistic transformation.
Tubulin Proteins in Cancer Resistance: A review.
Multiple risk factors: A challenge in the management of Autism.
A Comparison of Splenic Pathologic Change and Immune Function in HBV-Related Portal Hypertension and Chinese Budd-Chiari Syndrome Patients with Hypersplenism.
Second Line Injectable Drug Resistance and Associated Genetic Mutations in Newly Diagnosed Cases of Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis.
First Identification of beta-Lactamases in Antibiotic-Resistant Escherichia coli, Citrobacter freundii, and Aeromonas spp. Isolated in Stream Macroinvertebrates in a Central Italian Region.
Evaluation of Antibiotic Resistance of Helicobacter pylori Strains Isolated in Bari, Southern Italy, in 2017-2018 by Phenotypic and Genotyping Methods.
IPA-1 a putative chromatin remodeler/helicase-related protein of Trichoderma virens plays important roles in antibiosis against Rhizoctonia solani and induction of Arabidopsis systemic disease resistance.
A Case-Control Study on the Correlation Between Thymidylate Synthase Gene Polymorphisms and Raltitrexed Treatment Combined with Transcatheter Arterial Chemoembolization in Hepatocellular Carcinoma Treatment.
Association Between LOX-1, LAL, and ACAT1 Gene Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms and Carotid Plaque in a Northern Chinese Population.
Histologic changes and gene expression patterns in biopsy specimens from bacteria-inoculated and noninoculated excisional body and limb wounds in horses healing by second intention.
Identification of Core Genes and Potential Drugs for Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer Based on Bioinformatics Analysis.
Inhibitory Effects of Bound Polyphenol from Foxtail Millet Bran on Colitis-Associated Carcinogenesis by the Restoration of Gut Microbiota in Mice Model.
ATP Synthase Subunit a Supports Permeability Transition in Yeast Lacking Dimerization Subunits and Modulates yPTP Conductance.
Expanding the spectrum of SMAD3-related phenotypes to agnathia-otocephaly.
Genetic and clinical findings of panel-based targeted exome sequencing in a northeast Chinese cohort with retinitis pigmentosa.
MiRNA-96-5p impacts the progression of breast cancer through targeting FOXO3.
Long-term efficacy of the sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor ipragliflozin in a case of type A insulin resistance syndrome.
Pharmacogenomics in Asian subpopulations and impacts on commonly prescribed medications.
Study on the correlation between hTREC and HPV load and cervical CINI/II/III lesions and cervical cancer.
Differential gene expression changes in the dorsal root versus trigeminal ganglia following peripheral nerve injury in rats.
Meiotic block with roscovitine improves competence of porcine oocytes by fine-tuning activities of different cyclin-dependent kinases.
Intraductal papillary neoplasms of the bile duct are consisted of two distinct types specifically associated with clinicopathological features and molecular phenotypes.
Purifying stem cell-derived red blood cells: a high-throughput label-free downstream processing strategy based on microfluidic spiral inertial separation and membrane filtration.
Global assessment of genetic paradigms of Pvmdr1 mutations in chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium vivax isolates.
Bioinspired pyrimidine-containing cationic polymers as effective nanocarriers for DNA and protein delivery.
Successful aging: insights from proteome analyses of healthy centenarians.
Genomic diversity of Salmonella enterica isolated from papaya samples collected during multiple outbreaks in 2017.
Genomic characterization of the non-O1/non-O139 Vibrio cholerae strain that caused a gastroenteritis outbreak in Santiago, Chile, 2018.
Coinfinder: detecting significant associations and dissociations in pangenomes.
Agromyces badenianii sp. nov., isolated from plateau pika (Ochotona curzoniae).
Blautia faecicola sp. nov., isolated from faeces from a healthy human.
Leaky scanning translation generates a second A49 protein that contributes to vaccinia virus virulence.
Ancylomarina longa sp. nov., isolated from southern Okinawa Trough sediment and emended description of the family Marinifilaceae.
Pectobacterium parvum sp. nov., having a Salmonella SPI-1-like Type III secretion system and low virulence.
Mumia zhuanghuii sp. nov., isolated from the intestinal contents of plateau pika (Ochotona curzoniae) on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Methylobacterium terricola sp. nov., a gamma radiation-resistant bacterium isolated from gamma ray-irradiated soil.
Weissella sagaensis sp. nov., isolated from traditional Chinese yogurt.
Wickerhamiella verensis f.a. sp. nov., a novel yeast species isolated from subsoil groundwater contaminated with hydrocarbons and from a human infection.
Ochrobactrum teleogrylli sp. nov., a pesticide-degrading bacterium isolated from the insect Teleogryllus occipitalis living in deserted cropland.
Teredinibacter waterburyi sp. nov., a marine, cellulolytic endosymbiotic bacterium isolated from the gills of the wood-boring mollusc Bankia setacea (Bivalvia: Teredinidae) and emended description of the genus Teredinibacter.
Seongchinamella unica gen. nov., sp. nov., isolated from a tidal mudflat of beach, and transfer of Halioglobus sediminis to Seongchinamella sediminis comb. nov. and Halioglobus lutimaris to Pseudohalioglobus gen. nov. as Pseudohalioglobus lutimaris comb. nov.
Artemether-Lumefantrine Efficacy for the Treatment of Uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum Infection in Choco, Colombia after 8 Years as First-Line Treatment.
Erythrobacter insulae sp. nov., isolated from a tidal flat.
Filimonas effusa sp. nov., isolated from a freshwater river.
Bacillus caeni sp. nov., isolated from mangrove sediment.
Recent increase of ulcerative lesions caused by Anisakis spp. in cetaceans from the north-east Atlantic.
Detection of live attenuated influenza vaccine virus and evidence of reassortment in the U.S. swine population.
Public health concerns over gene-drive mosquitoes: will future use of gene-drive snails for schistosomiasis control gain increased level of community acceptance?
Tick-borne encephalitis foci in northeast Italy revealed by combined virus detection in ticks, serosurvey on goats and human cases.
Patient-reported outcome measures in inherited retinal degeneration gene therapy trials.
Modulation of Th17 Proliferation and IL-17A Gene Expression by Acetylated Form of Apigenin in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis.
Next generation sequencing of BRCA genes in glioblastoma multiform Egyptian patients: a pilot study.
The Case of the Missing Nose: Congenital Arhinia Case Presentation and Management Recommendations.
Gut Microbiome-Based Diagnostic Model to Predict Coronary Artery Disease.
Expanding the spectrum of CEP55-associated disease to viable phenotypes.
C9orf72 associates with inactive Rag GTPases and regulates mTORC1-mediated autophagosomal and lysosomal biogenesis.
Long non-coding RNA POU6F2-AS2 promotes cell proliferation and drug resistance in colon cancer by regulating miR-377/BRD4.
Differential gene regulation in selected lines for high and low sperm production in male guppies.
Genetic screening of children with suspected inherited bleeding disorders.
Disturbance of floral color pattern by activation of an endogenous pararetrovirus, petunia vein clearing virus, in aged petunia plants.
Quantifying posterior effect size distribution of susceptibility loci by common summary statistics.
Photoperiodic effect on the testicular transcriptome in broiler roosters.
Convex combination sequence kernel association test for rare-variant studies.
Systemic long-term inactivation of hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylase 2 ameliorates aging-induced changes in mice without affecting their life span.
Strategies for fighting mitochondrial diseases.
Targeted somatic mutagenesis through CRISPR/Cas9 ribonucleoprotein complexes in the olive fruit fly, Bactrocera oleae.
Impact of co-infection with Lepeophtheirus salmonis and Moritella viscosa on inflammatory and immune responses of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar).
Assessing selection signatures within and between selected lines of dual-purpose black and white and German Holstein cattle.
Outbreaks of severe myositis in cultured white sturgeon (Acipenser transmontanus L.) associated with Streptococcus iniae.
Mineralized Trichobezoars in a Rhesus Macaque (Macaca mulatta).
Long non-coding RNAs in development and disease: conservation to mechanisms.
Applied precision cancer medicine in metastatic biliary tract cancer.
Associations Between Genomic Variants in lncRNA-TRPM2-AS and lncRNA-HNF1A-AS1 Genes and Risk of Multiple Sclerosis.
Chronic persistent surgical pain is strongly associated with COMT alleles in patients undergoing cardiac surgery with median sternotomy.
Catching speciation in the act-act 2: Metschnikowia lacustris sp. nov., a sister species to Metschnikowia dekortorum.
Evaluating the Genetic Correlations Between Left-Handedness and Mental Disorder Using Linkage Disequilibrium Score Regression and Transcriptome-Wide Association Study.
Is the Loss of Trpc2 Gene Function a Real Working Hypothesis for the Emergence of Same-Sex Sexual Behavior in Old World Primates?
A comparative metabolomics study on anadromous clupeid Tenualosa ilisha for better understanding the influence of habitat on nutritional composition.
Decreased expression of LRA4, a key gene involved in rhamnose metabolism, caused up-regulated expression of the genes in this pathway and autophagy in Pichia pastoris.
Orthologous promoters from related methylotrophic yeasts surpass expression of endogenous promoters of Pichia pastoris.
The effect of desflurane on retinal angiogenesis in a mouse model of oxygen-induced retinopathy.
Identification and validation of tumour microenvironment-based immune molecular subgroups for gastric cancer: immunotherapeutic implications.
High-density NGS-based map construction and genetic dissection of fruit shape and rind netting in Cucumis melo.
Growth hormone deficiency and excess alter the gut microbiome in adult male mice.
Development and Clinical Validation of a Multiplex Gene Fusion Assay.
BIS-INDOLE DERIVED NUCLEAR RECEPTOR 4A1 (NR4A1, Nur77) LIGANDS AS INHIBITORS OF ENDOMETRIOSIS.
Is the amiloride-sensitive Na+ channel in taste cells really ENaC?
Cost effectiveness of in vitro fertilisation and preimplantation genetic testing to prevent transmission of BRCA1/2 mutations.
[Synaptonemal complex: the fundamental structure of meiosis].
[Function and molecular mechanism of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) in regulating oocyte meiotic maturation and ovulation].
[Methods used for gene manipulation in mammal female germ cells and early embryos].
Dynamics of repeat-associated plasticity in the aaap gene family in Anaplasma marginale.
Asymptomatic phaeochromocytoma in a patient with Holt-Oram syndrome: a case report.
Genetics of Primary Ovarian Insufficiency in the Next-Generation Sequencing Era.
Partial silencing of fucosyltransferase 8 gene expression inhibits proliferation of Ishikawa cells, a cell line of endometrial cancer.
Gene Silencing of Transferrin-1 Receptor as a Potential Therapeutic Target for Human Follicular and Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer.
Dataset of microbial community structure in alcohol sprayed banana associated with ripening process.
Long noncoding RNA H19 in the injured dorsal root ganglion contributes to peripheral nerve injury-induced pain hypersensitivity.
Chromosome Transplantation: A Possible Approach to Treat Human X-linked Disorders.
Natural history of the late-onset phenotype of Fabry disease due to the p.F113L mutation.
Metabolic flux analysis of secondary metabolism in plants.
Comparison of Arachis monticola with Diploid and Cultivated Tetraploid Genomes Reveals Asymmetric Subgenome Evolution and Improvement of Peanut.
Nucleotide variations of 9-cis-epoxycarotenoid dioxygenase 2 (NCED2) and pericarp coloration genes (Rc and Rd) from upland rice varieties.
Enzymological characterization of a novel d-lactate dehydrogenase from Lactobacillus rossiae and its application in d-phenyllactic acid synthesis.
Effect of biotic and abiotic elicitors on isoflavone biosynthesis during seed development and in suspension cultures of soybean (Glycine max L.).
The effects of kanamycin concentration on gene transcription levels in Escherichia coli.
Draft genome sequence of Actinocorallia populi A251T, an actinomycetes producing polyketides and nonribosomal polypeptides.
Shared genetic susceptibilities for irritable bowel syndrome and depressive disorder in Chinese patients uncovered by pooled whole-exome sequencing.
Whole genome sequencing of Herpes Simplex Virus 1 directly from human cerebrospinal fluid reveals selective constraints in neurotropic viruses.
Ectopic expression of the sesame MYB transcription factor SiMYB305 promotes root growth and modulates ABA-mediated tolerance to drought and salt stresses in Arabidopsis.
Effect of sub-MIC values of metronidazole, ciprofloxacin, and imipenem on the growth and toxin production in Clostridioides difficile.
Effects of high fat medium conditions on cellular gene expression profile: a network analysis approach.
Introducing tumor necrosis factor as a prominent player in celiac disease and type 1 diabetes mellitus.
The effects of IL-8, IL- 6, and IL-1 on the risk of celiac disease: a Bayesian regression analysis.
Comparison of cytokine and gene activities in tissue and blood samples of patients with celiac disease.
Association between variants of the autophagy related gene ATG16L1 in inflammatory bowel diseases and clinical statues.
Contribution of NOTCH signaling pathway along with TNF-alpha in the intestinal inflammation of ulcerative colitis.
Gallbladder cancer integrated bioinformatics analysis of protein profile data.
Evaluation of MALAT1 promoter DNA methylation patterns in early colorectal lesions and tumors.
Paracrine signals of mesenchymal stem cells induce epithelial to mesenchymal transition in gastric cancer cells.
Predication of hub target genes of differentially expressed microRNAs contributing to Helicobacter pylori infection in gastric non-cancerous tissue.
Prevalence and prognostic role of PIK3CA E545K mutation in Iranian colorectal cancer patients.
Impact of proteomics investigations on gastric cancer treatment and diagnosis.
Technological advances and computational approaches for alternative splicing analysis in single cells.
Molecular Study of Benzimidazole Resistance in Teladorsagia circumcincta Isolated from Sheep in North of Iran.
Giardiasis Pattern among Different Age Categories: Childhood Assemblage B Proclaim Endemicity.
Molecular Identification of Free-Living Amoebae (Naegleria spp., Acanthamoeba spp. and Vermamoeba spp.) Isolated from Un-improved Hot Springs, Guilan Province, Northern Iran.
Determination of the Infectivity of Cryopreserved Theileria annulata Sporozoites in Tick Derived Stabilates Iran Ak-93 Strain, by In Vivo and In Vitro Methods.
A Novel Strategy for Enhance Potentiation of Meglumine antimoniate against Leishmania major In Vitro.
Investigation of Giardia intestinalis Genotypes among the Food Handlers of Qazvin, Iran.
Anti-Leishmanial and Immunomodulatory Effects of Epigallocatechin 3-O-Gallate on Leishmania tropica: Apoptosis and Gene Expression Profiling.
Identification of molecular markers associated with the progression and prognosis of endometrial cancer: a bioinformatic study.
Establishment and characterization of patient-derived cancer models of malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors.
Hsa_circ_0003159 inhibits gastric cancer progression by regulating miR-223-3p/NDRG1 axis.
Integrated characterization and validation of the prognostic significance of microRNA-200s in colorectal cancer.
Caveolin-2 is regulated by BRD4 and contributes to cell growth in pancreatic cancer.
Long noncoding RNA RHPN1-AS1 promotes colorectal cancer progression via targeting miR-7-5p/OGT axis.
Development of high-resolution melting curve analysis in rapid detection of vanA gene, Enterococcus faecalis, and Enterococcus faecium from clinical isolates.
Diseases of Cymbopogon citratus (Poaceae) in China: Curvularia nanningensis sp. nov.
Oncogenic Roles Of A Histone Methyltransferase SETDB2 In AML1-ETO Positive AML.
Familial Pancreatic Cancer: Current Perspectives.
EGFR Promotes the Development of Triple Negative Breast Cancer Through JAK/STAT3 Signaling.
Deficient Regulatory Innate Lymphoid Cells and Differential Expression of miRNAs in Acute Myeloid Leukemia Quantified by Next Generation Sequence.
Identification of Candidate Genes and Therapeutic Agents for Light Chain Amyloidosis Based on Bioinformatics Approach.
Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency: Mega Cisterna Magna in Two Consecutive Pregnancies and Review of the Literature.
Prevalence and Some Possible Mechanisms of Colistin Resistance Among Multidrug-Resistant and Extensively Drug-Resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Mutations in the Antibiotic Target Genes Related to Clarithromycin, Metronidazole and Levofloxacin Resistance in Helicobacter pylori Strains from Children in China.
Virulence and Resistance Determinants of Uropathogenic Escherichia coli Strains Isolated from Pregnant and Non-Pregnant Women from Two States in Mexico.
Molecular Epidemiology and Mechanisms of High-Level Resistance to Meropenem and Imipenem in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Genotypic and Phenotypic-Based Assessment of Antibiotic Resistance and Profile of Staphylococcal Cassette Chromosome mec in the Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Recovered from Raw Milk.
Phenotypic and Genotypic Assessment of Antibiotic Resistance and Genotyping of vacA, cagA, iceA, oipA, cagE, and babA2 Alleles of Helicobacter pylori Bacteria Isolated from Raw Meat.
Molecular Characteristics and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Profiles of Elizabethkingia Clinical Isolates in Shanghai, China.
Identification of Novel lncRNA Markers in Glioblastoma Multiforme and Their Clinical Significance: A Study Based on Multiple Sequencing Data.
Expression and Clinical Significance of ERCC1 and XPF in Human Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Bioinformatics Analysis and RNA-Sequencing of SCAMP3 Expression and Correlated Gene Regulation in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
miR-873-5p Inhibits Cell Migration and Invasion of Papillary Thyroid Cancer via Regulation of CXCL16.
Foretinib Inhibits Cancer Stemness and Gastric Cancer Cell Proliferation by Decreasing CD44 and c-MET Signaling.
Meg3 Induces EMT and Invasion of Glioma Cells via Autophagy.
MicroRNA 885-5p Inhibits Hepatocellular Carcinoma Metastasis by Repressing AEG1.
MiR-195-5p Inhibits Malignant Progression of Cervical Cancer by Targeting YAP1.
Long Noncoding RNA SNHG6 Functions as an Oncogene in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer via Modulating ETS1 Signaling.
ST6GAL2 Downregulation Inhibits Cell Adhesion and Invasion and is Associated with Improved Patient Survival in Breast Cancer.
miRNAs: A Promising Target in the Chemoresistance of Bladder Cancer.
Identification of the Different Roles and Potential Mechanisms of T Isoforms in the Tumor Recurrence and Cell Cycle of Chordomas.
MicroRNA-769-5p Inhibits Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Progression by Directly Targeting and Downregulating ETS Proto-Oncogene 1.
microRNA-182 Negatively Influences the Neuroprotective Effect of Apelin Against Neuronal Injury in Epilepsy.
Curcumin Has Anti-Proliferative and Pro-Apoptotic Effects on Tongue Cancer in vitro: A Study with Bioinformatics Analysis and in vitro Experiments.
New Isatin-Indole Conjugates: Synthesis, Characterization, and a Plausible Mechanism of Their in vitro Antiproliferative Activity.
Metformin Activates the AMPK-mTOR Pathway by Modulating lncRNA TUG1 to Induce Autophagy and Inhibit Atherosclerosis.
Spotlight edition on South America.
There and back again - ancient genes reveal early migrations.
Improving bee health through genomics.
Reversal of synaptic and behavioral deficits in a 16p11.2 duplication mouse model via restoration of the GABA synapse regulator Npas4.
Kappa opioid receptor and dynorphin signaling in the central amygdala regulates alcohol intake.
Leveraging genome-wide data to investigate differences between opioid use vs. opioid dependence in 41,176 individuals from the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Genetic heterogeneity and evolutionary history of high-grade ovarian carcinoma and matched distant metastases.
Hyperactive PI3Kdelta predisposes naive T cells to activation via aerobic glycolysis programs.
Loss of TNR causes a nonprogressive neurodevelopmental disorder with spasticity and transient opisthotonus.
Publisher Correction: mTORC1 and mTORC2 Differentially Regulate Cell Fate Programs to Coordinate Osteoblastic Differentiation in Mesenchymal Stromal Cells.
Reviewer recognition.
Natural selection supports escape from concerted evolution of a recently duplicated CEACAM1 paralog in the ruminant CEA gene family.
Translational Inhibition of alpha-Neurexin 2.
DNA damage and expression of DNA methylation modulators in urine-derived cells of patients with hypertension and diabetes.
Increased mitochondrial and lipid metabolism is a conserved effect of Insulin/PI3K pathway downregulation in adipose tissue.
Cube natural sea salt ameliorates obesity in high fat diet-induced obese mice and 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Publisher Correction: A large intragenic deletion in the CLCN1 gene causes Hereditary Myotonia in pigs.
Tendentious effects of automated and manual metagenomic DNA purification protocols on broiler gut microbiome taxonomic profiling.
Cold atmospheric plasma generated reactive species aided inhibitory effects on human melanoma cells: an in vitro and in silico study.
Linagliptin and telmisartan induced effects on renal and urinary exosomal miRNA expression in rats with 5/6 nephrectomy.
Integrated transcriptomic correlation network analysis identifies COPD molecular determinants.
gamma-Aminobutyric acid confers cadmium tolerance in maize plants by concerted regulation of polyamine metabolism and antioxidant defense systems.
FKBP5-associated miRNA signature as a putative biomarker for PTSD in recently traumatized individuals.
Holothurians have a reduced GPCR and odorant receptor-like repertoire compared to other echinoderms.
The association of Chlamydia trachomatis and Mycoplasma genitalium infection with the vaginal metabolome.
Disease asymmetry and hyperautofluorescent ring shape in retinitis pigmentosa patients.
Regulatory sites for splicing in human basal ganglia are enriched for disease-relevant information.
The complex genetic landscape of familial MDS and AML reveals pathogenic germline variants.
Identification and Validation of a Potent Multi-miRNA Signature for Prediction of Prognosis of Osteosarcoma Patients.
Interactome of vertebrate GAF/ThPOK reveals its diverse functions in gene regulation and DNA repair.
MicroRNA-143-5p modulates pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells functions in hypoxic pulmonary hypertension through targeting HIF-1alpha.
X-Module: A novel fusion measure to associate co-expressed gene modules from condition-specific expression profiles.
Family Study Designs Informed by Tumor Heterogeneity and Multi-Cancer Pleiotropies: The Power of the Utah Population Database.
Harnessing Population Pedigree Data and Machine Learning Methods to Identify Patterns of Familial Bladder Cancer Risk.
Neev, a novel long non-coding RNA, is expressed in chaetoblasts during regeneration of Eisenia fetida.
Photoperiodic regulation in a wild-derived mouse strain.
Wilms tumor 1 regulates lipid accumulation in human endometrial stromal cells during decidualization.
Photoperiod and temperature separately regulate nymphal development through JH and insulin/TOR signaling pathways in an insect.
Footprints of natural selection at the mannose-6-phosphate isomerase locus in barnacles.
Actin Is Required for Cellular Development and Virulence of Botrytis cinerea via the Mediation of Secretory Proteins.
Improving Characterization of Understudied Human Microbiomes Using Targeted Phylogenetics.
On the mechanism of anti-CD39 immune checkpoint therapy.
Isolation and Molecular Analysis of a Novel Neorickettsia Species That Causes Potomac Horse Fever.
Synechococcus sp. Strain PCC7002 Uses Sulfide:Quinone Oxidoreductase To Detoxify Exogenous Sulfide and To Convert Endogenous Sulfide to Cellular Sulfane Sulfur.
SpoT Induces Intracellular Salmonella Virulence Programs in the Phagosome.
HIV Drugs Inhibit Transfer of Plasmids Carrying Extended-Spectrum beta-Lactamase and Carbapenemase Genes.
Multi-Omic Analyses Provide Links between Low-Dose Antibiotic Treatment and Induction of Secondary Metabolism in Burkholderia thailandensis.
An Endoplasmic Reticulum CREC Family Protein Regulates the Egress Proteolytic Cascade in Malaria Parasites.
The Plasmodium falciparum Artemisinin Susceptibility-Associated AP-2 Adaptin mu Subunit is Clathrin Independent and Essential for Schizont Maturation.
Serine-Arginine Protein Kinase 1 Regulates Ebola Virus Transcription.
Horizontal Gene Transfer to a Defensive Symbiont with a Reduced Genome in a Multipartite Beetle Microbiome.
A Lassa Fever Live-Attenuated Vaccine Based on Codon Deoptimization of the Viral Glycoprotein Gene.
Proposal of a Taxonomic Nomenclature for the Bacillus cereus Group Which Reconciles Genomic Definitions of Bacterial Species with Clinical and Industrial Phenotypes.
Integrative analysis suggests cell type-specific decoding of NF-kappaB dynamics.
Draft Genome Assembly of Floccularia luteovirens, an Edible and Symbiotic Mushroom on Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Obeticholic acid ameliorates Valproic acid-induced Hepatic Steatosis and Oxidative Stress.
The occurrence of sulfated salicinoids in poplar and their formation by sulfotransferase 1.
Schistosoma mansoni glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase enhances formation of the blood-clot lysis protein plasmin.
Perineural invasion reprograms the immune microenvironment through cholinergic signaling in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Histone variant dictates fate biasing of neural crest cells to melanocyte lineage.
Establishment of chromatin accessibility by the conserved transcription factor Grainy head is developmentally regulated.
Genetically Engineering the Nervous System with CRISPR-Cas.
Dissecting Fertility Functions of Drosophila Y Chromosome Genes with CRISPR.
Carcinogenic roles and therapeutic effects of EZH2 in gynecological cancers.
Propofol upregulates miR-320a and reduces HMGB1 by downregulating ANRIL to inhibit PTC cell malignant behaviors.
The host response to bacterial bone infection involves a local upregulation of several acute phase proteins.
Molecular implications of MUC5AC-CD44 axis in colorectal cancer progression and chemoresistance.
Cytosine methylation of mature microRNAs inhibits their functions and is associated with poor prognosis in glioblastoma multiforme.
Regulators of an ancient polyphenism evolved through episodic protein divergence and parallel gene radiations.
miR-384-5p ameliorates neuropathic pain by targeting SCN3A in a rat model of chronic constriction injury.
FAM136A immunoreactivity is associated with nodal involvement and survival in lung adenocarcinoma in a Chinese case series.
Adenocarcinoma-Papillary Cystic Pattern Arising in a Mixed Squamous and Glandular Papilloma of the Lung.
Association between methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and risk of ischemic stroke.
THE MITORIBOSOME: A WORLD OF OPPORTUNITIES FOR MITOCHONDRIAL DYSFUNCTION TOWARD PARKINSON \' S DISEASE.
N-acetylcysteine decreases airway inflammation and responsiveness in asthma by modulating claudin 18 expression.
Understanding Mechanisms of Salinity Tolerance in Barley by Proteomic and Biochemical Analysis of Near-Isogenic Lines.
Dynamics of the Transcriptome Response to Heat in the Moss, Physcomitrella patens.
The Heat Shock Response in the Western Honey Bee (Apis mellifera) is Antiviral.
p53 CRISPR Deletion Affects DNA Structure and Nuclear Architecture.
The Urinary Transcriptome as a Source of Biomarkers for Prostate Cancer.
Micro RNA Molecules as Modulators of Treatment Resistance, Immune Checkpoints Controllers and Sensitive Biomarkers in Glioblastoma Multiforme.
RNA-Based Strategies for Cardiac Reprogramming of Human Mesenchymal Stromal Cells.
The Genetic Basis of Natural Variation in Drosophila melanogaster Immune Defense against Enterococcus faecalis.
Muscle Hyperplasia in Japanese Quail by Single Amino Acid Deletion in MSTN Propeptide.
Genomic Characterization of Non-Invasive Differentiated-Type Gastric Cancer in the Japanese Population.
Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Differences in Key Genes and Pathways Regulating Carbon and Nitrogen Metabolism in Cotton Genotypes under N Starvation and Resupply.
ABCA7-A Member of the ABC Transporter Family in Healthy and Ailing Brain.
Management of Neuroinflammatory Responses to AAV-Mediated Gene Therapies for Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Daily Intake of Paraprobiotic Lactobacillus amylovorus CP1563 Improves Pre-Obese Conditions and Affects the Gut Microbial Community in Healthy Pre-Obese Subjects: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study.
Diet Supplementation with a Bioactive Pomace Extract from Olea europaea Partially Mitigates Negative Effects on Gut Health Arising from a Short-Term Fasting Period in Broiler Chickens.
beta2-Adrenergic Signalling Promotes Cell Migration by Upregulating Expression of the Metastasis-Associated Molecule LYPD3.
Small Molecule Binds with Lymphocyte Antigen 6K to Induce Cancer Cell Death.
Hearing Impairment Overview in Africa: the Case of Cameroon.
Sphingomyelin-Based Nanosystems (SNs) for the Development of Anticancer miRNA Therapeutics.
Peptidylarginine Deiminase Isozyme-Specific PAD2, PAD3 and PAD4 Inhibitors Differentially Modulate Extracellular Vesicle Signatures and Cell Invasion in Two Glioblastoma Multiforme Cell Lines.
Germline Variants in Phosphodiesterase Genes and Genetic Predisposition to Pediatric Adrenocortical Tumors.
Galectin 3 Deficiency Alters Chondrocyte Primary Cilium Formation and Exacerbates Cartilage Destruction via Mitochondrial Apoptosis.
RECQ5: A Mysterious Helicase at the Interface of DNA Replication and Transcription.
Amino Acid-Linked Low Molecular Weight Polyethylenimine for Improved Gene Delivery and Biocompatibility.
High Levels of Class I Major Histocompatibility Complex mRNA Are Present in Epstein-Barr Virus-Associated Gastric Adenocarcinomas.
microRNAs in Ex Vivo Human Adipose Tissue Derived Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (ASC) Undergo Rapid Culture-Induced Changes in Expression, Including miR-378 which Promotes Adipogenesis.
Glioblastoma Cells Do Not Affect Axitinib-Dependent Senescence of HUVECs in a Transwell Coculture Model.
3D-Printed Modular Microfluidic Device Enabling Preconcentrating Bacteria and Purifying Bacterial DNA in Blood for Improving the Sensitivity of Molecular Diagnostics.
BRCAness as an Important Prognostic Marker in Patients with Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Treated with Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy: A Multicenter Retrospective Study.
Metformin Alleviates Left Ventricular Diastolic Dysfunction in a Rat Myocardial Ischemia Reperfusion Injury Model.
Effect of Carotenoids, Oligosaccharides and Anthocyanins on Growth Performance, Immunological Parameters and Intestinal Morphology in Broiler Chickens Challenged with Escherichia coli Lipopolysaccharide.
FOXL2 is a Progesterone Target Gene in the Endometrium of Ruminants.
Identification of Species and Subspecies of Lactic Acid Bacteria Present in Spanish Cheeses Type "Torta" by MALDI-TOF MS and pheS gene Analyses.
The Roles and Mechanisms of lncRNAs in Liver Fibrosis.
Distinct Metabolome Changes during Seed Germination of Lettuce (Lactuca sativa L.) in Response to Thermal Stress as Revealed by Untargeted Metabolomics Analysis.
Insight into the Role of Epigenetic Processes in Abiotic and Biotic Stress Response in Wheat and Barley.
Alterations in the Nervous System and Gut Microbiota after beta-Hemolytic Streptococcus Group A Infection-Characteristics and Diagnostic Criteria of PANDAS Recognition.
Functions of Enyolreductase (ER) Domains of PKS Cluster in Lipid Synthesis and Enhancement of PUFAs Accumulation in Schizochytrium limacinum SR21 Using Triclosan as a Regulator of ER.
RNA Sequencing (RNA-Seq) Based Transcriptome Analysis in Immune Response of Holstein Cattle to Killed Vaccine against Bovine Viral Diarrhea Virus Type I.
HER2 Heterogeneity in Personalized Therapy of Gastro-Oesophageal Malignancies: An Overview by Different Methodologies.
Ribosome and Translational Control in Stem Cells.
Comparative Genomics and Evolutionary Analysis of RNA-Binding Proteins of Burkholderia cenocepacia J2315 and Other Members of the B. cepacia Complex.
Anti-Aging Effects of Leontopodium alpinum (Edelweiss) Callus Culture Extract Through Transcriptome Profiling.
Non-Viral in Vitro Gene Delivery: It is Now Time to Set the Bar!
Letea Virus: Comparative Genomics and Phylogenetic Analysis of a Novel Reassortant Orbivirus Discovered in Grass Snakes (Natrix natrix).
Seed Biopriming with Microbial Inoculant Triggers Local and Systemic Defense Responses against Rhizoctonia solani Causing Banded Leaf and Sheath Blight in Maize (Zea mays L.).
Exploring Heterosis in Melon (Cucumis melo L.).
Ubiquitin E3 Ligase AaBre1 Responsible for H2B Monoubiquitination Is Involved in Hyphal Growth, Conidiation and Pathogenicity in Alternaria alternata.
The Analysis of the Editing Defects in the dyw2 Mutant Provides New Clues for the Prediction of RNA Targets of Arabidopsis E+-Class PPR Proteins.
Generation of A Triple Insert Live Avian Herpesvirus Vectored Vaccine Using CRISPR/Cas9-Based Gene Editing.
rAAV-Mediated Cochlear Gene Therapy: Prospects and Challenges for Clinical Application.
Measles Vaccines Designed for Enhanced CD8+ T Cell Activation.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Stem Secondary Growth of Grafted Rosa rugosa  \' Rosea \'  Scion and R. multiflora  \' Innermis \'  Rootstock.
Enhanced Hybridization Selectivity Using Structured GammaPNA Probes.
Bone Marrow Stromal Cells Drive Key Hallmarks of B Cell Malignancies.
Secretory Production of Functional Grouper Type I Interferon from Epinephelus septemfasciatus in Escherichia coli and Bacillus subtilis.
Alternative Splicing Events as Indicators for the Prognosis of Uveal Melanoma.
WNT3A Promotes Neuronal Regeneration upon Traumatic Brain Injury.
Integrative Analysis Identifies Candidate Tumor Microenvironment and Intracellular Signaling Pathways that Define Tumor Heterogeneity in NF1.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Two Cucumber Cultivars with Different Sensitivity to Cucumber Mosaic Virus Infection.
Comparative Transcriptomics Analysis of Testicular miRNA from Cryptorchid and Normal Horses.
22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome
A Case of Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis following Refractory Kawasaki Disease.
Update of Genetic and Molecular Causes of Adrenocortical Hyperplasias Causing Cushing Syndrome.
Effect of MicroRNA-20a on Osteogenic Differentiation of Human Adipose Tissue-Derived Stem Cells.
Drought tolerant Ochrobactrum sp. inoculation performs multiple roles in maintaining the homeostasis in Zea mays L. subjected to deficit water stress.
Interaction of APOE4 alleles and PET tau imaging in former contact sport athletes.
Overexpression of ethylene response factor ERF96 gene enhances selenium tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Investigating the role of Bowman-Birk serine protease inhibitor in Arabidopsis plants under drought stress.
Novel approach to therapeutic targeting of castration-resistant prostate cancer.
Characterization of lactic acid bacteria isolated from a traditional Ivoirian beer process to develop starter cultures for safe sorghum-based beverages.
Chiral toxicity of muscone to embryonic zebrafish heart.
Transcriptome alterations in female Daphnia (Daphnia magna) exposed to 17beta-estradiol.
Buxus alkaloid compound destabilizes mutant p53 through inhibition of the HSF1 chaperone axis.
Simultaneous removal and high tolerance of norfloxacin with electricity generation in microbial fuel cell and its antibiotic resistance genes quantification.
Antibiotic resistance, genome analysis and further safe traits of Clostridium perfringens ICVB082; a strain capable of producing an inhibitory compound directed only against a closely related pathogenic strain.
Effect of pre-treatment of strength training and raloxifene in periestropause on bone healing.
Domestic and game pigeons as reservoirs for Escherichia coli harboring antimicrobial resistance genes.
Gene interaction network studies to decipher the multi-drug resistance mechanism in Salmonella enterica serovar typhi CT18 reveal potential drug targets.
Characterization of a thermostable, allosteric L-asparaginase from Anoxybacillus flavithermus.
Characterisation of insoluble alpha-1,3-/alpha-1,6 mixed linkage glucan produced in addition to soluble alpha-1,6-linked dextran by glucansucrase (DEX-N) from Leuconostoc citreum ABK-1.
Mitogenome of the little owl Athene noctua and phylogenetic analysis of Strigidae.
Expression and characterization of a chitinase from Serratia marcescens.
GH and GHR gene cloning, expression and their associations with growth-related traits of the barbel chub (Squaliobarbus curriculus).
CRISPR system: Discovery, development and off-target detection.
Immune responses to Bacillus thuringiensis in the midgut of the diamondback moth, Plutella xylostella.
Identification of common key regulators in rat hepatocyte cell lines under exposure of different pesticide.
Expression profile of H3K4 demethylases with their clinical and pathological correlation in patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Selenium/Zinc-Enriched probiotics improve serum enzyme activity, antioxidant ability, inflammatory factors and related gene expression of Wistar rats inflated under heat stress.
Mechanism of berberine in treating Helicobacter pylori induced chronic atrophic gastritis through IRF8-IFN-gamma signaling axis suppressing.
Cellular context- and protein level-dependent interaction of pluripotency factor OCT4A with multiple octamer motifs of the same target gene.
Cellular Heterogeneity and Lineage Restriction during Mouse Digit Tip Regeneration at Single-Cell Resolution.
Metabolic Changes Accompanying Spermatogonial Stem Cell Differentiation.
Pathogenic Variants in CEP85L Cause Sporadic and Familial Posterior Predominant Lissencephaly.
Posterior Neocortex-Specific Regulation of Neuronal Migration by CEP85L Identifies Maternal Centriole-Dependent Activation of CDK5.
Minimal Cylinder Analysis Reveals the Mechanical Properties of Oncogenic Nucleosomes.
Chromatin Compaction Leads to a Preference for Peripheral Heterochromatin.
Digital morphometry of tumor nuclei correlates to BAP-1 status, monosomy 3, gene expression class and survival in uveal melanoma.
The role of reactive oxygen species in the biological activity of antimicrobial agents: An updated mini review.
Vitamin D receptor genetic polymorphisms and the risk of multiple sclerosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional traits of the gut microbiome correlated with host lipid content in a natural population of Drosophila melanogaster.
Mating preferences can drive expansion or contraction of major histocompatibility complex gene family.
CAP-MAP: cap analysis protocol with minimal analyte processing, a rapid and sensitive approach to analysing mRNA cap structures.
Computational Insight into Allosteric Activation Mechanism of Farnesoid X Receptor.
Cellular mercury coordination environment, and not cell surface ligands, influence bacterial methylmercury production.
Burkholderia cenocepacia-host cell contact controls the transcription activity of the trimeric autotransporter adhesin BCAM2418 gene.
ZMYND11-related syndromic intellectual disability: 16 patients delineating and expanding the phenotypic spectrum.
A further outbreak of classical swine fever in indigenous pigs in Kurigram district, Bangladesh.
Synonymous Variant in the CHM Gene Causes Aberrant Splicing in Choroideremia.
Erratum to: Emergence of plasmid-mediated oxazolidinone resistance gene poxtA from CC17 Enterococcus faecium of pig origin.
Emergence of plasmid-mediated oxazolidinone resistance gene poxtA from CC17 Enterococcus faecium of pig origin-authors \'  response.
Site-specific methylation of 18S ribosomal RNA by SNORD42A is required for Acute Myeloid Leukemia cell proliferation.
Effects of whole-grain wheat, rye, and lignan supplementation on cardiometabolic risk factors in men with metabolic syndrome: a randomized crossover trial.
Discovery of antitumor lectins from rainforest tree root transcriptomes.
Aberrant activation of bone marrow Ly6C high monocytes in diabetic mice contributes to impaired glucose tolerance.
Comprehensive analysis of DNA methylation and gene expression in orally tolerized T cells.
Insights on aquatic microbiome of the Indian Sundarbans mangrove areas.
A cross population between D. kaki and D. virginiana shows high variability for saline tolerance and improved salt stress tolerance.
Reprogramming of macrophages employing gene regulatory and metabolic network models.
The relation between crosstalk and gene regulation form revisited.
Systems biology analysis of publicly available transcriptomic data reveals a critical link between AKR1B10 gene expression, smoking and occurrence of lung cancer.
Tximeta: Reference sequence checksums for provenance identification in RNA-seq.
Fat Graft Enrichment Strategies: A Systematic Review.
Differential Responsiveness to BMP9 between Patent and Fused Suture Progenitor Cells from Craniosynostosis Patients.
Surface Texturization of Breast Implants Impacts Extracellular Matrix and Inflammatory Gene Expression in Asymptomatic Capsules.
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Capsular Tissue around the Breast Implants.
A Homozygous Mutation in 5 \'  Untranslated Region of TNFRSF11A Leading to Molecular Diagnosis of Osteopetrosis Coinheritance With Wiskott-Aldrich Syndrome.
Polymorphisms of SOCS-1 are associated with rapid HIV progression rate.
Transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 antagonism in neuroinflammation, neuroprotection and epigenetic regulation: potential therapeutic implications for severe psychiatric disorders treatment.
The brave new world of genetic testing in the management of the dyslipidaemias.
HIV-1 Nef counteracts autophagy restriction by enhancing the association between BECN1 and its inhibitor BCL2 in a PRKN-dependent manner.
Gene Flow Limits Adaptation along Steep Environmental Gradients.
Tolerance of Novel Toxins through Generalized Mechanisms: Simulating Gradual Host Shifts of Butterflies.
Exploring Integrative Analysis Using the BioMedical Evidence Graph.
Bayesian Framework for Detecting Gene Expression Outliers in Individual Samples.
A Mechanistic Model for the Hsp90-Driven Opening of Human Argonaute.
Functional Characterization of two Carboxylesterase Genes Involved in Pyrethroid Detoxification in Helicoverpa armigera.
Engineering thermophilic Geobacillus thermoglucosidasius for riboflavin production.
Cistanche deserticola polysaccharide induces melanogenesis in melanocytes and reduces oxidative stress via activating NRF2/HO-1 pathway.
Molecular profiling of beer wort fermentation diversity across natural Saccharomyces eubayanus isolates.
Age-related changes to macrophages are detrimental to fracture healing in mice.
Expression profiles of PRKG1, SDF2L1 and PPP1R12A are predictive and prognostic factors for therapy response and survival in high-grade serous ovarian cancer.
Antimicrobial solid media for screening non-sterile Arabidopsis thaliana seeds.
Evidence of pathogen-induced immunogenetic selection across the large geographic range of a wild seabird.
A Probabilistic Graphical Model for System-Wide Analysis of Gene Regulatory Networks.
Advanced maternal age alters expression of maternal effect genes that are essential for human oocyte quality.
PKM2 suppresses osteogenesis and facilitates adipogenesis by regulating beta-catenin signaling and mitochondrial fusion and fission.
Exploring the Protective Effect of ShenQi Compound on Skeletal Muscle in Diabetic Macrovasculopathy Mice.
Analysis of Vpr Genetic Variations between Chinese Major Circulating Recombinants CRF01_AE and CRF07_BC.
Inheritance and characterization of Rph27: a third race-specific resistance gene in the barley cultivar Quinn.
Draft Genome Resource for Macrophomina phaseolina associated with Charcoal Rot in Sorghum.
Phytophthora capsici PcFtsZ2 is required for asexual development and plant infection.
The Effect of Baicalin on the Expression Profiles of Long Non-Coding RNAs and mRNAs in Porcine Aortic Vascular Endothelial Cells Infected with Haemophilus parasuis.
Effect of Maternal Iron Deficiency Anaemia on the Expression of Iron Transport Proteins in the Third Trimester Placenta.
Nanoliter-scale next-generation sequencing library-mediated high-throughput 16S rRNA microbial community profiling.
Substantial Equivalence of Transgenic Lemon Fruit Showing Postharvest Fungal Pathogens Resistance.
In vitro biocompatibility of biohybrid polymers membrane evaluated in human gingival fibroblasts.
Integrated bioinformatics analysis of the crucial candidate genes and pathways associated with glucocorticoid resistance in acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
CRISPR/Cas9-mediated genome editing: From basic research to translational medicine.
Turning a green alga red: engineering astaxanthin biosynthesis by intragenic pseudogene revival in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
TRIAP1 knockdown sensitizes non-small cell lung cancer to ionizing radiation by disrupting redox homeostasis.
Non-GMO potato lines, synthesising increased-amylose and resistant starch, are mainly deficient in isoamylase debranching enzyme.
CRLS1 ameliorates nonalcoholic steatohepatitis through ATF3 transcriptional inactivation.
Regeneration enhancers: A clue to reactivation of developmental genes.
Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) vs Erenumab for High Frequency Episodic Migraine Without Aura: Time to Take the Gloves Off!
Genetic Testing of PAX8 Mutations Associated with Thyroid Dysgenesis in Chinese Congenital Hypothyroidism Patients.
Effects of mitochondrial dysfunction on energy metabolism switch by HIF-1alpha signaling in granulosa cells of polycystic ovary syndrome.
Regulation of basal expression of hepatic PEPCK and G6Pase by AKT2.
Noncanonical Wnt planar cell polarity signaling in lung development and disease.
Acetotrophic methanogens are sensitive to long-term nickel contamination in paddy soil.
Association of elevated interleukin-33 serum levels with tumorstages in patients with prostate cancer.
Analyzing nanoparticle-induced neurotoxicity: A bibliometric analysis.
Spontaneous KRT5 Gene Mutation in Rhesus Macaques (Macaca mulatta): A Novel Nonhuman Primate Model of Epidermolysis Bullosa Simplex.
Molecular and Biological Characterization of a Cervidpoxvirus Isolated From Moose with Necrotizing Dermatitis.
2-NDC from dithiocarbamates improves ATRA efficiency and ROS-induced apoptosis via downregulation of Bcl2 and Survivin in human acute promyelocytic NB4 cells.
Catalpol promotes mitochondrial biogenesis in chondrocytes.
A Strategy Employing a TF-splinting Duplex Nanoswitch to Achieve Single-step, Enzyme-free, Signal-on Detection of L-Tryptophan.
[Effects of arsenic trioxide on migration, invasion and apoptosis of hepatocellular carcinoma HepG2 cells].
[Early stage mechanical adaptability and osteogenic differentiation of mouse bone marrow derived mesenchymal stem cell under micro-vibration stimulation environment].
[State regulation for complex biological networks based on dynamic optimization algorithms].
[Prediction of gene mutation in lung cancer based on deep learning and histomorphology analysis].
An immune relevant signature for predicting prognoses and immunotherapeutic responses in patients with muscle-invasive bladder cancer (MIBC).
Factors associated with rapid improvement in visual acuity in patients with Leber \' s hereditary optic neuropathy after gene therapy.
Does the FSHB c.-211G &gt; T polymorphism impact Sertoli cell number and the spermatogenic potential in infertile patients?
Cellular responses in marine animals to hydrostatic pressure.
Using a mouse model to gain insights into Developmental Coordination Disorder.
Engineering herbicide-resistant oilseed rape by CRISPR/Cas9-mediated cytosine base-editing.
Analysis of proximal ALOX5 promoter binding proteins by quantitative proteomics.
Discovery of novel molecular characteristics and cellular biological properties in ameloblastoma.
miR-155 increases stemness and decitabine resistance in triple-negative breast cancer cells by inhibiting TSPAN5.
Genetic and Evolution Analysis of Extrafloral Nectary in Cotton.
Genomic analysis of metastatic melanoma in an adult with giant congenital melanocytic nevus.
A variety of changes, including CRISPR/Cas9 mediated deletions, in CENH3 lead to haploid induction on outcrossing.
Folate-conjugated Herpes Simplex Virus for Retargeting to Tumor Cells.
Co-expression of human calreticulin significantly improves the production of HIV gp140 and other viral glycoproteins in plants.
Vibrio parahaemolyticus FcrX, a Fur-controlled regulator that inhibits repression by Fur.
Combined immunosuppressive therapy provides favorable prognosis and increased risk of cytomegalovirus reactivation in anti-melanoma differentiation-associated gene 5 antibody-positive dermatomyositis.
Components of the endocytic and recycling trafficking pathways interfere with the integrity of the Legionella-containing vacuole.
Overexpression of chalcone isomerase in apple reduces phloridzin accumulation and increases susceptibility to herbivory by two-spotted mites.
Effect of GREM 1 gene on chemoradiotherapy sensitivity of cervical squamous carcinoma cells.
Hop-derived prenylflavonoid isoxanthohumol suppresses insulin resistance by changing the intestinal microbiota and suppressing chronic inflammation in high fat diet-fed mice.
Overexpression of the long noncoding RNA NEAT1 protects against As2O3-induced injury of cardiomyocyte by inhibiting the miR-124/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
LncRNA NEAT1 promotes cardiac hypertrophy through microRNA-19a-3p/SMYD2 axis.
LncRNA XIST inhibits hypoxia-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis via mediating miR-150-5p/Bax in acute myocardial infarction.
Knockdown of microRNA-181a inhibits osteosarcoma cells growth and invasion through triggering NLRP3-dependent pyroptosis.
LncRNA CRNDE promotes the development of Wilms \'  tumor by regulating microRNA-424.
MiRNA-584 suppresses the progression of ovarian cancer by negatively regulating LPIN1.
WWOX regulates the Elf5/Snail1 pathway to affect epithelial-mesenchymal transition of ovarian carcinoma cells in vitro.
MiR-19 enhances pancreatic cancer progression by targeting PTEN through PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
Identification of prognostic immune-related signature predicting the overall survival for colorectal cancer.
MiRNA-875-3p alleviates the progression of colorectal cancer via negatively regulating PLK1 level.
MicroRNA-625-3p inhibits gastric cancer metastasis through modulating EZH2.
Circular RNA circ_0079593 promotes glioma development through regulating KPNA2 expression by sponging miR-499a-5p.
Meta-analysis on the relationship between the SNP of MMP-2-1306 C&gt;T and susceptibility to breast cancer.
Long noncoding RNA HOXA-AS2 acts as an oncogene by targeting miR-145-3p in human non-small cell lung cancer.
LncRNA TRERNA1 promotes malignant progression of NSCLC through targeting FOXL1.
MicroRNA-429 inhibits the proliferation and migration of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma cells by targeting RAB23 through the NF-kappaB pathway.
Effect of miR-26a-5p on gastric cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting COL10A1.
Ketamine Affects the Expression of ErbB4 in the Hippocampus and Prefrontal Cortex of Rats.
Brief Report: Genetic Links Between Autism and Suicidal Behavior-A Preliminary Investigation.
Whole-Brain Monosynaptic Inputs to Hypoglossal Motor Neurons in Mice.
Does the presence of AGG interruptions within the CGG repeat tract have a protective effect on the fertility phenotype of female FMR1 premutation carriers?
The contribution of ketone bodies to glycolytic inhibition for the treatment of adult and pediatric glioblastoma.
Amniotic Membrane Enhance the Effect of Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor on the Angiogenic Marker Expression of Stem Cells from Human Exfoliated Deciduous Teeth.
Novel Point Mutations in Mitochondrial MT-CO2 Gene May Be Risk Factors for Coronary Artery Disease.
Prevalence of mutations in a diverse cohort of 3162 women tested via the same multigene cancer panel in a managed care health plan.
Evolution of digestive enzyme genes associated with dietary diversity of crabs.
Dementia Therapy Targeting Tau.
Experimental Models of Tauopathy - From Mechanisms to Therapies.
Myotonic Dystrophy: an RNA Toxic Gain of Function Tauopathy?
Associations Between APOE Variants, Tau and alpha-Synuclein.
Structure of NFT: Biochemical Approach.
Ordered Assembly of Tau Protein and Neurodegeneration.
Development of 26 highly polymorphic microsatellite markers for the highly endangered fan mussel Pinna nobilis and cross-species amplification.
The involvement of genes related to bile secretion pathway in rat tooth germ development.
Halorussus halophilus sp. nov., A Novel Halophilic Archaeon Isolated from a Marine Solar Saltern.
Interactive effects of exogenous melatonin and Rhizophagus intraradices on saline-alkaline stress tolerance in Leymus chinensis.
Novel adipokine associated with OA: retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) is produced by cartilage and is correlated with MMPs in osteoarthritis patients.
Semi-rational mutagenesis of an industrial Streptomyces fungicidicus strain for improved enduracidin productivity.
A survey of gene expression meta-analysis: methods and applications.
Profiles of immune cell infiltration in head and neck squamous carcinoma.
Microfluidic automated plasmid library enrichment for biosynthetic gene cluster discovery.
Looping of upstream cis-regulatory elements is required for CFTR expression in human airway epithelial cells.
AtTRM61/AtTRM6 complex is a bona fide tRNA N1-methyladenosine methyltransferase in Arabidopsis.
Thrombin binding aptamer G-quadruplex stabilized by pyrene-modified nucleotides.
Optimisation of cancer classification by machine learning generates an enriched list of candidate drug targets and biomarkers.
Correction to "Nitrogen-Doped Graphene Quantum-Dot Combined Sodium 10-Amino-2-methoxyundecanoate: Studies of Proinflammatory Gene Expression and Live Cell Imaging".
Molecular and Coarse-Grained Modeling to Characterize and Optimize Dendrimer-Based Nanocarriers for Short Interfering RNA Delivery.
Classification of clear cell renal cell carcinoma based on PKM alternative splicing.
A new SYBR green real-time PCR assay for semi-quantitative detection of Echinococcus multilocularis and Echinococcus canadensis DNA on bilberries (Vaccinium myrtillus).
Toxoplasma gondii, Sarcocystis sp. and Neospora caninum-like parasites in seals from northern and eastern Canada: potential risk to consumers.
Genetic characterization reveals evidence for an association between water contamination and zoonotic transmission of a Cryptosporidium sp. from dairy cattle in West Bengal, India.
First description of Giardia duodenalis in buffalo calves (Bubalus bubalis) in southwest region of Sao Paulo State, Brazil.
A one health approach to vaccines against Toxoplasma gondii.
Molecular detection and epidemiological risk factors associated with Cryptosporidium infection among cattle in Peninsular Malaysia.
Editing a gamma-globin repressor binding site restores fetal hemoglobin synthesis and corrects the sickle cell disease phenotype.
Broadly conserved roles of TMEM131 family proteins in intracellular collagen assembly and secretory cargo trafficking.
A mutation-independent CRISPR-Cas9-mediated gene targeting approach to treat a murine model of ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency.
Recovering signals of ghost archaic introgression in African populations.
Pervasive head-to-tail insertions of DNA templates mask desired CRISPR-Cas9-mediated genome editing events.
Evolutionary Relationships Between Low Potential Ferredoxin and Flavodoxin Electron Carriers.
Comparison of antigenic mutation during egg and cell passage cultivation of H3N2 influenza virus.
Gene expression and growth factor analysis in early nerve regeneration following segmental nerve defect reconstruction with a mesenchymal stromal cell-enhanced decellularized nerve allograft.
Phylogenomic analysis of 589 metagenome-assembled genomes encompassing all major prokaryotic lineages from the gut of higher termites.
HER2 and BRAF mutation in colorectal cancer patients: a retrospective study in Eastern China.
Intracranial aneurysm \' s association with genetic variants, transcription abnormality, and methylation changes in ADAMTS genes.
Phylogeny of Libellulidae (Odonata: Anisoptera): comparison of molecular and morphology-based phylogenies based on wing morphology and migration.
LINC00958 and HOXC13-AS as key candidate biomarkers in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma by integrated bioinformatics analysis.
Proteomic similarity of the Littorinid snails in the evolutionary context.
Proteogenomic analysis of pitaya reveals cold stress-related molecular signature.
In silico analysis of maize HDACs with an emphasis on their response to biotic and abiotic stresses.
The N-terminal domain of rhamnosyltransferase EpsF influences exopolysaccharide chain length determination in Streptococcus thermophilus 05-34.
Detection and characterization of microRNA expression profiling and its target genes in response to canine parvovirus in Crandell Reese Feline Kidney cells.
Characterization of a Mn-SOD from the desert beetle Microdera punctipennis and its increased resistance to cold stress in E. coli cells.
A new species of the genus Sarsamphiascus Huys, 2009 (Copepoda: Harpacticoida: Miraciidae) from a sublittoral zone of Hawaii.
A transcriptional co-expression network-based approach to identify prognostic biomarkers in gastric carcinoma.
Gene flow between subpopulations of gray snapper (Lutjanus griseus) from the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico.
Comprehensive transcriptome analysis of reference genes for fruit development of Euscaphis konishii.
Early changes in the urine proteome in a rat liver tumour model.
Homeoprotein OTX1 and OTX2 involvement in rat myenteric neuron adaptation after DNBS-induced colitis.
Glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase 1 (GDE1) acts as a potential tumor suppressor and is a novel therapeutic target for non-mucin-producing colon adenocarcinoma.
Upregulation of desmoglein 2 and its clinical value in lung adenocarcinoma: a comprehensive analysis by multiple bioinformatics methods.
Downregulation of miR-193a-3p is involved in the pathogenesis of hepatocellular carcinoma by targeting CCND1.
The endoplasmic reticulum-associated mRNA-binding proteins ERBP1 and ERBP2 interact in bloodstream-form Trypanosoma brucei.
Genome-wide analysis of lncRNAs, miRNAs, and mRNAs forming a prognostic scoring system in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Dystonia in Ataxia Telangiectasia: A Case Report with Novel Mutations.
An SFTPC gene mutation causes childhood interstitial lung disease: first report in the Arab region.
Evaluation of heat stress effects on cellular and transcriptional adaptation of bovine granulosa cells.
Effects of a blend of Saccharomyces cerevisiae-based direct-fed microbial and fermentation products on plasma carbonyl-metabolome and fecal bacterial community of beef steers.
Expression of gynoecium patterning transcription factors in Aristolochia fimbriata (Aristolochiaceae) and their contribution to gynostemium development.
Risk of epilepsy in rheumatoid arthritis: a meta-analysis of population based studies and bioinformatics analysis.
Primary Angle Closure Glaucoma-associated Genetic Polymorphisms in Northeast Iran.
Enhanced sample filling and discretization in thermoplastic 2D microwell arrays using asymmetric contact angles.
Kawasaki Disease: Global Burden and Genetic Background.
Colon Cancer: A Clinician \' s Perspective in 2019.
Brain-wide structural connectivity alterations under the control of Alzheimer risk genes.
Retrospective analysis of the clinical features of 172 patients with BCR-ABL1-negative chronic myeloproliferative neoplasms.
Ocean acidification promotes broad transcriptomic responses in marine metazoans: a literature survey.
Different Immune Responses in Dangerous O Blood Donors.
Epstein-Barr Virus and Human Herpesvirus 8 in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
The Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 (G&gt;A) and 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase (C677T) Gene Variants and the Serum Levels of Insulin-like Growth Factor-1, Insulin, and Homeostasis Model Assessment in Patients with Acne Vulgaris.
Depletion of histone methyltransferase KMT9 inhibits lung cancer cell proliferation by inducing non-apoptotic cell death.
Transcriptome analyses of the ginseng root rot pathogens Cylindrocarpon destructans and Fusarium solani to identify radicicol resistance mechanisms.
The LINC00365/SCGB2A1 (Mammaglobin B) Axis Down-Regulates NF-kappaB Signaling and Is Associated with the Progression of Gastric Cancer.
Pasteurellaceae members with similar morphological patterns associated with respiratory manifestations in ducks.
Evaluation of the efficacy of commonly used disinfectants against isolated chlorine-resistant strains from drinking water used in Egyptian cattle farms.
Q fever: A neglected disease of camels in Giza and Cairo Provinces, Egypt.
Characterization and molecular epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus strains resistant to beta-lactams isolated from the milk of cows diagnosed with subclinical mastitis.
Capripoxviruses: Exploring the genetic relatedness between field and vaccine strains from Egypt.
Hepatoprotective and immunomodulatory effects of copper-nicotinate complex against fatty liver in rat model.
Initial results from a first-in-human gene therapy trial on X-linked retinitis pigmentosa caused by mutations in RPGR.
Chromatin interaction analyses elucidate the roles of PRC2-bound silencers in mouse development.
Systematic identification of silencers in human cells.
Generation of human endothelium in pig embryos deficient in ETV2.
Reply to: Fitness effects of CRISPR/Cas9-targeting of long noncoding RNA genes.
Fitness effects of CRISPR/Cas9-targeting of long noncoding RNA genes.
Envelope stress responses defend against type six secretion system attacks independently of immunity proteins.
A MORC-driven transcriptional switch controls Toxoplasma developmental trajectories and sexual commitment.
FttA is a CPSF73 homologue that terminates transcription in Archaea.
Tumour heterogeneity and the evolutionary trade-offs of cancer.
Widespread patterns of gene loss in the evolution of the animal kingdom.
The spread of steppe and Iranian-related ancestry in the islands of the western Mediterranean.
Therapeutic potential of adenovirus-encoding brain-derived neurotrophic factor for spina bifida aperta by intra-amniotic delivery in a rat model.
Oocyte competence is maintained by m6A methyltransferase KIAA1429-mediated RNA metabolism during mouse follicular development.
Immunohistochemistry-based assessment of androgen receptor status and the AR-null phenotype in metastatic castrate resistant prostate cancer.
Impact of panel design and cut-off on tumour mutational burden assessment in metastatic solid tumour samples.
Interactions between a Polygenic Risk Score and Non-genetic Risk Factors in Young-Onset Breast Cancer.
Simultaneous kinase inhibition with ibrutinib and BCL2 inhibition with venetoclax offers a therapeutic strategy for acute myeloid leukemia.
Blinatumomab versus historical standard therapy in pediatric patients with relapsed/refractory Ph-negative B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Meningeal lymphatic vessels regulate brain tumor drainage and immunity.
An endophyte from salt-adapted Pokkali rice confers salt-tolerance to a salt-sensitive rice variety and targets a unique pattern of genes in its new host.
MiR-34a Interacts with Cytochrome c and Shapes Stroke Outcomes.
Cutaneous intravascular epithelioid hemangioma. A clinicopathological and molecular study of 21 cases.
Effect of decalcification protocols on immunohistochemistry and molecular analyses of bone samples.
An autosomal dominant ERLIN2 mutation leads to a pure HSP phenotype distinct from the autosomal recessive ERLIN2 mutations (SPG18).
Transcriptome analyses reveal the synergistic effects of feeding and eyestalk ablation on ovarian maturation in black tiger shrimp.
Genetic diversity of the intimin gene (eae) in non-O157 Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli strains in China.
MicroRNA sequencing of rat hippocampus and human biofluids identifies acute, chronic, focal and diffuse traumatic brain injuries.
Inflammation-induced JMJD2D promotes colitis recovery and colon tumorigenesis by activating Hedgehog signaling.
The distinct spatiotemporal distribution and effect of feed restriction on mtDNA copy number in broilers.
A genome-wide association study in mice reveals a role for Rhbdf2 in skeletal homeostasis.
Toxicological response of the model fungus Saccharomyces cerevisiae to different concentrations of commercial graphene nanoplatelets.
Comparison of Mendeliome exome capture kits for use in clinical diagnostics.
The behavioral, cellular and immune mediators of HIV-1 acquisition: New insights from population genetics.
MiR-23b-3p reduces the proliferation, migration and invasion of cervical cancer cell lines via the reduction of c-Met expression.
Pan-cancer mapping of differential protein-protein interactions.
Transcriptome and Parasitome Analysis of Beet Cyst Nematode Heterodera schachtii.
Subcellular Compartmentalization of Survivin is Associated with Biological Aggressiveness and Prognosis in Prostate Cancer.
Altered chromatin landscape and enhancer engagement underlie transcriptional dysregulation in MED12 mutant uterine leiomyomas.
The sequence and de novo assembly of the wild yak genome.
Chromatin accessibility is associated with the changed expression of miRNAs that target members of the Hippo pathway during myoblast differentiation.
Contribution of common and rare variants to bipolar disorder susceptibility in extended pedigrees from population isolates.
RADICL-seq identifies general and cell type-specific principles of genome-wide RNA-chromatin interactions.
Rare genetic susceptibility variants assessment in autism spectrum disorder: detection rate and practical use.
High expression of ACE2 receptor of 2019-nCoV on the epithelial cells of oral mucosa.
Burkitt Leukemia Presenting as Acute Appendicitis: A Case Report and Literature Review.
E2F6-mediated down-regulation of MIR22HG facilitates the progression of laryngocarcinoma by targeting miR-5000-3p/FBXW7 axis.
Mitochondrial Fatty Acid Synthase Utilizes Multiple Acyl Carrier Protein Isoforms.
A Sox2/miR-486-5p axis regulates survival of GBM cells by inhibiting tumor suppressor networks.
Kinesin KIF18A is a novel PUM regulated target promoting mitotic progression and survival of human male germ cell line.
Drosophila Prp40 localizes to the histone locus body and regulates gene transcription and development.
A point mutation in carR involved in the emergence of polymyxin B-sensitive Vibrio cholerae O1 El Tor biotype by influencing gene transcription.
Chlamydia trachomatis Oligopeptide Transporter Performs Dual Functions of Oligopeptide Transport and Peptidoglycan Recycling.
Immune profile of the nasal mucosa in patients with cutaneous leishmaniasis.
The paralogous transcription factors Stp1 and Stp2 of Candida albicans have distinct functions in nutrient acquisition and host interaction.
De novo purine biosynthesis is required for intracellular growth of Staphylococcus aureus and for the hypervirulence phenotype of a purR mutant.
A Novel Splice Variant of HYAL-4 Drives Malignant Transformation and Predicts Outcome in Bladder Cancer Patients.
Tristetraprolin regulates necroptosis during tonic Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) signaling in murine macrophages.
Ezh2 Represses Transcription of Innate Lymphoid Genes in B Lymphocyte Progenitors and Maintains the B-2 Cell Fate.
Microglial depletion with CSF1R inhibitor during chronic phase of experimental traumatic brain injury reduces neurodegeneration and neurological deficits.
The aging skin microenvironment dictates stem cell behavior.
Joint profiling of chromatin accessibility and CAR-T integration site analysis at population and single-cell levels.
Global analysis of LARP1 translation targets reveals tunable and dynamic features of 5 \'  TOP motifs.
Intrinsically disordered protein RBM14 plays a role in generation of RNA:DNA hybrids at double-strand break sites.
Dinoflagellates with relic endosymbiont nuclei as models for elucidating organellogenesis.
Massively parallel variant characterization identifies NUDT15 alleles associated with thiopurine toxicity.
A cnidarian parasite of salmon (Myxozoa: Henneguya) lacks a mitochondrial genome.
The impact of leadered and leaderless gene structures on translation efficiency, transcript stability, and predicted transcription rates in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
A membrane-bound transcription factor is proteolytically regulated by the AAA+ protease FtsH in Staphylococcus aureus.
Mild stress conditions during laboratory culture promote the proliferation of mutations that negatively affect Sigma B activity in Listeria monocytogenes.
MagnEdit-interacting factors that recruit DNA-editing enzymes to single base targets.
Novel defatting strategies reduce lipid accumulation in primary human culture models of liver steatosis.
CxxC finger protein 1-mediated histone H3 lysine-4 trimethylation is essential for proper meiotic crossover formation in mice.
Myosin heavy chain-embryonic regulates skeletal muscle differentiation during mammalian development.
A single cell transcriptome atlas of the developing zebrafish hindbrain.
Expression of E93 provides an instructive cue to control dynamic enhancer activity and chromatin accessibility during development.
RNF220/ZC4H2-mediated monoubiquitination of Phox2 is required for noradrenergic neuron development.
Oscillatory expression of Hes1 regulates cell proliferation and neuronal differentiation in the embryonic brain.
The role of candidate genetic polymorphisms in the interaction between voriconazole and cyclosporine in patients undergoing allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation: An explorative study.
Efficient generation of zebrafish maternal-zygotic mutants through transplantation of ectopically induced and Cas9/gRNA targeted primordial germ cells.
Rapid and specific isolation of intact mitochondria from Arabidopsis leaves.
The increased frequency of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus with low MIC of beta-lactam antibiotics isolated from hospitalized patients.
Environmental epigenetics and epigenetic inheritance in domestic farm animals.
Identification of key candidate genes and pathways in anaplastic thyroid cancer by bioinformatics analysis.
Impact of the corpus luteum on survival of the developing embryo and early pregnancy in mares.
Tuning the specificity of DNA probes using bulge-loops for low-abundance SNV detection.
Spexin as an anxiety regulator in mouse hippocampus: Mechanisms for transcriptional regulation of spexin gene expression by corticotropin releasing factor.
Associations Between Polymorphisms of Endothelial Nitric Oxide Synthase, Matrix Metalloproteinase 3, Angiotensinogen, and Angiotensin II Type 1 Receptor and Risk of Restenosis After Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Meta-analysis.
Interhospital dissemination of KPC-3 producing-Klebsiella pneumoniae ST512. Detection by MALDI-TOF.
TMED2-ALK, a Novel ALK Fusion Gene Identified in a Patient With Lung Adenocarcinoma.
Interaction of both positive and negative daily-life experiences with FKBP5 haplotype on psychosis risk.
The role of schizotypal traits and the OXTR gene in theory of mind in schizophrenia: A family-based study.
Advances in salt tolerance molecular mechanism in tobacco plants.
Marek \' s disease vaccines-induced differential expression of known and novel microRNAs in primary lymphoid organ bursae of White Leghorn.
Antiviral activity of ISG15 against classical swine fever virus replication in porcine alveolar macrophages via inhibition of autophagy by ISGylating BECN1.
Crohn \' s disease: failure of a proprietary fluorescent in situ hybridization assay to detect M. avium subspecies paratuberculosis in archived frozen intestine from patients with Crohn \' s disease.
The association between the rs4987105 of 5-lipoxygenase (ALOX5) gene and gestational glucose metabolism in Chinese population.
A SUMOylation-dependent HIF-1alpha/CLDN6 negative feedback mitigates hypoxia-induced breast cancer metastasis.
Determining spa-type of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) via high-resolution melting (HRM) analysis, Shiraz, Iran.
Linked optical and gene expression profiling of single cells at high-throughput.
covRNA: discovering covariate associations in large-scale gene expression data.
Functional Roles of Long Non-coding RNAs in Motor Neuron Development and Disease.
DeepTRIAGE: interpretable and individualised biomarker scores using attention mechanism for the classification of breast cancer sub-types.
Circadian expression of Fabp7 mRNA is disrupted in Bmal1 KO mice.
Molecular characterization of a Trichinella spiralis elastase-1 and its potential as a diagnostic antigen for trichinellosis.
Optimized expression and enhanced production of alkaline protease by genetically modified Bacillus licheniformis 2709.
Dipeptide repeat proteins inhibit homology-directed DNA double strand break repair in C9ORF72 ALS/FTD.
Discovery of inflammatory bowel disease-associated miRNAs using a novel bipartite clustering approach.
Genes expression profiling of alveolar macrophages exposed to non-functionalized, anionic and cationic multi-walled carbon nanotubes shows three different mechanisms of toxicity.
Expression regulation of multiple key genes to improve L-threonine in Escherichia coli.
Aberrant expression of miR-214 is associated with obesity-induced insulin resistance as a biomarker and therapeutic.
Impact of mutations in DNA methylation modification genes on genome-wide methylation landscapes and downstream gene activations in pan-cancer.
Protection from hydrogen peroxide stress relies mainly on AhpCF and KatA2 in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia.
Transcriptional insights into the CD8+ T cell response in mono-HIV and HCV infection.
Independent and joint correlation of PNPLA3 I148M and TM6SF2 E167K variants with the risk of coronary heart disease in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Hierarchical structural component model for pathway analysis of common variants.
Unexpected cell type-dependent effects of autophagy on polyglutamine aggregation revealed by natural genetic variation in C. elegans.
ABAT and ALDH6A1, regulated by transcription factor HNF4A, suppress tumorigenic capability in clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Liraglutide treatment improves the coronary microcirculation in insulin resistant Zucker obese rats on a high salt diet.
Mutation screening of the USH2A gene reveals two novel pathogenic variants in Chinese patients causing simplex usher syndrome 2.
Integration, abundance, and transmission of mutations and transgenes in a series of CRISPR/Cas9 soybean lines.
Disentangling the genetics of sarcopenia: prioritization of NUDT3 and KLF5 as genes for lean mass &amp; HLA-DQB1-AS1 for hand grip strength with the associated enhancing SNPs &amp; a scoring system.
The effects of vitamin D supplementation on interictal serum levels of calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) in episodic migraine patients: post hoc analysis of a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
Dynamic network inference and association computation discover gene modules regulating virulence, mycotoxin and sexual reproduction in Fusarium graminearum.
Pre- and post-sequencing recommendations for functional annotation of human fecal metagenomes.
GenEpi: gene-based epistasis discovery using machine learning.
Correction to: Screening and computational analysis of colorectal associated non-synonymous polymorphism in CTNNB1 gene in Pakistani population.
Association of ABO polymorphisms and pancreatic Cancer/ Cardiocerebrovascular disease: a meta-analysis.
High-resolution iris and retinal imaging in multisystemic smooth muscle dysfunction syndrome due to a novel Asn117Lys substitution in ACTA2: a case report.
Whole genome sequencing and comparative genomic analysis of oleaginous red yeast Sporobolomyces pararoseus NGR identifies candidate genes for biotechnological potential and ballistospores-shooting.
Comparative analysis of basic helix-loop-helix gene family among Brassica oleracea, Brassica rapa, and Brassica napus.
Equivalent change enrichment analysis: assessing equivalent and inverse change in biological pathways between diverse experiments.
Deep learning versus parametric and ensemble methods for genomic prediction of complex phenotypes.
Assessing stationary distributions derived from chromatin contact maps.
Prediction of new associations between ncRNAs and diseases exploiting multi-type hierarchical clustering.
An eQTL in the cystathionine beta synthase gene is linked to osteoporosis in laying hens.
Significance of Glutamate Racemase for the Viability and Cell Wall Integrity of Streptococcus iniae.
Elucidation of the K32 Capsular Polysaccharide Structure and Characterization of the KL32 Gene Cluster of Acinetobacter baumannii LUH5549.
PAC proton-activated chloride channel contributes to acid-induced cell death in primary rat cortical neurons.
Chlamydia: what is on the outside does matter.
Relationship between fibrinogen level and its regulatory gene with Alzheimer \' s disease and vascular dementia.
Inhibition of Candida albicans and Staphylococcus aureus biofilms by centipede oil and linoleic acid.
[A Rare Case of Pulmonary Epithelial-myoepithelial Carcinoma: Case Report and Literature Review].
[Research Progress of Epigenetics in Pathogenesis and Treatment of Malignant Tumors].
[Clinical Value of Droplet Digital PCR and Super-ARMS Detection of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Gene Mutation in Plasma Circulating Tumor DNA of Patients with Advanced Lung Adenocarcinoma].
Cathepsin B-associated Activation of Amyloidogenic Pathway in Murine Mucopolysaccharidosis Type I Brain Cortex.
EbARC1, an E3 Ubiquitin Ligase Gene in Erigeron breviscapus, Confers Self-Incompatibility in Transgenic Arabidopsis thaliana.
Loss of 5 \' -Methylthioadenosine Phosphorylase (MTAP) is Frequent in High-Grade Gliomas; Nevertheless, it is Not Associated with Higher Tumor Aggressiveness.
DNA Methylation Changes Induced by Cold in Psychrophilic and Psychrotolerant Naganishia Yeast Species.
Working on Genomic Stability: From the S-Phase to Mitosis.
Molecular Basis of Root Nodule Symbiosis between Bradyrhizobium and  \' Crack-Entry \'  Legume Groundnut (Arachis hypogaea L.).
Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Improves the Osteogenic and Vasculogenic Properties of Mesenchymal Stem Cells in the Presence of Inflammation In Vitro.
Evaluation of Transcriptomic Regulations behind Metabolic Syndrome in Obese and Lean Subjects.
Contribution of TGF-beta1 and Effects of Gene Silencer Pyrrole-Imidazole Polyamides Targeting TGF-beta1 in Diabetic Nephropathy.
Occurrence, Diversity of Listeria spp. Isolates from Food and Food-Contact Surfaces and the Presence of Virulence Genes.
Proteomic and Transcriptional Profiles of Human Stem Cell-Derived beta Cells Following Enteroviral Challenge.
An iTRAQ-Based Comparative Proteomics Analysis of the Biofilm and Planktonic States of Aeromonas veronii TH0426.
Construction of a Tetracycline Degrading Bacterial Consortium and Its Application Evaluation in Laboratory-Scale Soil Remediation.
Cross-Species Root Transcriptional Network Analysis Highlights Conserved Modules in Response to Nitrate between Maize and Sorghum.
Network-Based Genetic Profiling Reveals Cellular Pathway Differences Between Follicular Thyroid Carcinoma and Follicular Thyroid Adenoma.
Functions of Jasmonic Acid in Plant Regulation and Response to Abiotic Stress.
Antimicrobial Resistance in Members of the Bacterial Bovine Respiratory Disease Complex Isolated from Lung Tissue of Cattle Mortalities Managed with or without the Use of Antimicrobials.
Rice OsAAA-ATPase1 is Induced during Blast Infection in a Salicylic Acid-Dependent Manner, and Promotes Blast Fungus Resistance.
Evaluation of the Oxidative Stress Response of Aging Yeast Cells in Response to Internalization of Fluorescent Nanodiamond Biosensors.
Bladder Cancer Chemosensitivity is Affected by Paraoxonase-2 Expression.
Antioxidant, Antiproliferative and Apoptosis-Inducing Efficacy of Fractions from Cassia fistula L. Leaves.
Transcriptome Analysis and Identification of Genes Associated with Starch Metabolism in Castanea henryi Seed (Fagaceae).
BAK1 Mediates Light Intensity to Phosphorylate and Activate Catalases to Regulate Plant Growth and Development.
Efficient Prodrug Activator Gene Therapy by Retroviral Replicating Vectors Prolongs Survival in an Immune-Competent Intracerebral Glioma Model.
Role of Sirt3 in Differential Sex-Related Responses to a High-Fat Diet in Mice.
A SOX2 Reporter System Identifies Gastric Cancer Stem-Like Cells Sensitive to Monensin.
Melatonin Orchestrates Lipid Homeostasis through the Hepatointestinal Circadian Clock and Microbiota during Constant Light Exposure.
A Rare Mutation in The APOB Gene Associated with Neurological Manifestations in Familial Hypobetalipoproteinemia.
vtRNA2-1/nc886 Produces a Small RNA That Contributes to Its Tumor Suppression Action through the microRNA Pathway in Prostate Cancer.
A 12-mer Peptide of Tag7 (PGLYRP1) Forms a Cytotoxic Complex with Hsp70 and Inhibits TNF-Alpha Induced Cell Death.
Genes ScBx1 and ScIgl-Competitors or Cooperators?
Yeast Genome Maintenance by the Multifunctional PIF1 DNA Helicase Family.
Development of Physiologically Responsive Human iPSC-Derived Intestinal Epithelium to Study Barrier Dysfunction in IBD.
pH and Phosphate Induced Shifts in Carbon Flow and Microbial Community during Thermophilic Anaerobic Digestion.
Two Novel FAM20C Variants in A Family with Raine Syndrome.
Overfeeding During Lactation in Rats is Associated with Cardiovascular Insulin Resistance in the Short-Term.
Long-Term Oral Administration of LLHK, LHK, and HK Alters Gene Expression Profile and Restores Age-Dependent Atrophy and Dysfunction of Rat Salivary Glands.
Identification of Quorum Sensing Activators and Inhibitors in The Marine Sponge Sarcotragus spinosulus.
Broad-Spectrum Cephalosporin-Resistant Klebsiella spp. Isolated from Diseased Horses in Austria.
Multiple Skin Squamous Cell Carcinomas in Junctional Epidermolysis Bullosa Due to Altered Laminin-332 Function.
CgSCD1 Is Essential for Melanin Biosynthesis and Pathogenicity of Colletotrichum gloeosporioides.
Consumption of the Total Western Diet Promotes Colitis and Inflammation-Associated Colorectal Cancer in Mice.
The ABCB Multidrug Resistance Proteins Do Not Contribute to Ivermectin Detoxification in the Colorado Potato Beetle, Leptinotarsa decemlineata (Say).
FADS Genetic Variants in Taiwanese Modify Association of DHA Intake and Its Proportions in Human Milk.
Effects of Nonstarch Genetic Modifications on Starch Structure and Properties.
Balance between Health Risks and Benefits for Outdoor Workers Exposed to Solar Radiation: An Overview on the Role of Near Infrared Radiation Alone and in Combination with Other Solar Spectral Bands.
Short Tandem Repeat-Enriched Architectural RNAs in Nuclear Bodies: Functions and Associated Diseases.
MMP24 as a Target of YAP is a Potential Prognostic Factor in Cancer Patients.
Plant Lipid Bodies Traffic on Actin to Plasmodesmata Motorized by Myosin XIs.
Beneficial Effects of Lactobacillus plantarum Strains on Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in High Fat/High Fructose Diet-Fed Rats.
WNK2 Inhibits Autophagic Flux in Human Glioblastoma Cell Line.
Drug Delivery of siRNA Therapeutics.
Nanomedicines to Deliver mRNA: State of the Art and Future Perspectives.
AaCOI1, Encoding a CORONATINE INSENSITIVE 1-Like Protein of Artemisia annua L., Is Involved in Development, Defense, and Anthocyanin Synthesis.
Hydroxygenkwanin Suppresses Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Progression by Enhancing EGFR Degradation.
Synergistic Anti-Tumour Effect of Syk Inhibitor and Olaparib in Squamous Cell Carcinoma: Roles of Syk in EGFR Signalling and PARP1 Activation.
Development of Molecular Marker Linked with Bacterial Fruit Blotch Resistance in Melon (Cucumis melo L.).
The Effect of Posaconazole, Itraconazole and Voriconazole in the Culture Medium on Aspergillus fumigatus Triazole Resistance.
Redox Components: Key Regulators of Epigenetic Modifications in Plants.
Degradation Potential of the Nonylphenol Monooxygenase of Sphingomonas sp. NP5 for Bisphenols and Their Structural Analogs.
Characterization of a Unique Bordetella bronchiseptica vB_BbrP_BB8 Bacteriophage and Its Application as an Antibacterial Agent.
Brain Metastases in Lung Cancers with Emerging Targetable Fusion Drivers.
APP Osaka Mutation in Familial Alzheimer \' s Disease-Its Discovery, Phenotypes, and Mechanism of Recessive Inheritance.
Adaptation to Photooxidative Stress: Common and Special Strategies of the Alphaproteobacteria Rhodobacter sphaeroides and Rhodobacter capsulatus.
Clinical Ketosis-Associated Alteration of Gene Expression in Holstein Cows.
Comparative Proteomic Analysis of Wild-Type Physcomitrella Patens and an OPDA-Deficient Physcomitrella Patens Mutant with Disrupted PpAOS1 and PpAOS2 Genes after Wounding.
Calmodulin Mutations Associated with Heart Arrhythmia: A Status Report.
Effect of Phenotype Selection on Genome Size Variation in Two Species of Diptera.
Cytokine-Induced Guanylate Binding Protein 1 (GBP1) Release from Human Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency: An Update.
Functional Aspects of Early Light-Induced Protein (ELIP) Genes from the Desiccation-Tolerant Moss Syntrichia caninervis.
BTG4 is A Novel p53 Target Gene That Inhibits Cell Growth and Induces Apoptosis.
Co-Expression Effect of SLC7A5/SLC3A2 to Predict Response to Endocrine Therapy in Oestrogen-Receptor-Positive Breast Cancer.
The Role of miR-21 in Osteoblasts-Osteoclasts Coupling In Vitro.
Biometric Identification from Human Aesthetic Preferences.
The VDAC1-based R-Tf-D-LP4 Peptide as a Potential Treatment for Diabetes Mellitus.
Genetic Components of 25-Hydroxyvitamin D Increase in Three Randomized Controlled Trials.
Impact of Targeted Deletion of the Circadian Clock Gene Bmal1 in Excitatory Forebrain Neurons on Adult Neurogenesis and Olfactory Function.
The Impact of Cigarette Smoking on Risk of Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Narrative Review.
beta2 Integrins-Multi-Functional Leukocyte Receptors in Health and Disease.
First Insight into Microbiome Profiles of Myrmecophilous Beetles and Their Host, Red Wood Ant Formica polyctena (Hymenoptera: Formicidae)-A Case Study.
Comparative Proteomics of Root Apex and Root Elongation Zones Provides Insights into Molecular Mechanisms for Drought Stress and Recovery Adjustment in Switchgrass.
Evaluation of Potential Probiotics Bacillus subtilis WB60, Pediococcus pentosaceus, and Lactococcus lactis on Growth Performance, Immune Response, Gut Histology and Immune-Related Genes in Whiteleg Shrimp, Litopenaeus vannamei.
Characterization of a New Chitosanase from a Marine Bacillus sp. and the Anti-Oxidant Activity of Its Hydrolysate.
Integrated Metabolomic and Transcriptomic Analysis to Characterize Cutin Biosynthesis between Low- and High-Cutin Genotypes of Capsicum chinense Jacq.
Notch Signaling in Skeletal Development, Homeostasis and Pathogenesis.
Programming Skeletal Muscle Metabolic Flexibility in Offspring of Male Rats in Response to Maternal Consumption of Slow Digesting Carbohydrates during Pregnancy.
Urinary MicroRNA-21-5p as Potential Biomarker of Interstitial Fibrosis and Tubular Atrophy (IFTA) in Kidney Transplant Recipients.
Proteome Profiling Uncovers an Autoimmune Response Signature That Reflects Ovarian Cancer Pathogenesis.
Multi-Omic Profiling of Melophlus Sponges Reveals Diverse Metabolomic and Microbiome Architectures that Are Non-overlapping with Ecological Neighbors.
Acai Extract Transiently Upregulates Erythropoietin by Inducing a Renal Hypoxic Condition in Mice.
Effect of Dietary Crude Protein on Productive Efficiency, Nutrient Digestibility, Blood Metabolites and Gastrointestinal Immune Markers in Light Lambs.
Differential Accumulation of Innate- and Adaptive-Immune-Response-Derived Transcripts during Antagonism between Papaya Ringspot Virus and Papaya Mosaic Virus.
AUXIN RESPONSE FACTOR 1 Acts as a Positive Regulator in the Response of Poplar to Trichoderma asperellum Inoculation in Overexpressing Plants.
Repetitive DNA Restructuring Across Multiple Nicotiana Allopolyploidisation Events Shows a Lack of Strong Cytoplasmic Bias in Influencing Repeat Turnover.
OmixLitMiner: A Bioinformatics Tool for Prioritizing Biological Leads from  \' Omics Data Using Literature Retrieval and Data Mining.
Drosophila Interspecific Hybridization Causes A Deregulation of the piRNA Pathway Genes.
Characteristics of Microsatellites Mined from Transcriptome Data and the Development of Novel Markers in Paeonia lactiflora.
Allele-Selective Knockdown of MYH7 Using Antisense Oligonucleotides.
Upregulation of miR-101a Suppresses Chronic Renal Fibrosis by Regulating KDM3A via Blockade of the YAP-TGF-beta-Smad Signaling Pathway.
Bioremediation of arsenic by soil methylating fungi: Role of Humicola sp. strain 2WS1 in amelioration of arsenic phytotoxicity in Bacopa monnieri L.
YY1 Control of Mitochondrial-Related Genes does not Account for Regulation of Immunoglobulin Class Switch Recombination in mice.
miR-200b-3p mitigates oxaliplatin resistance via targeting TUBB3 in colorectal cancer.
microRNA-422a Inhibits DCC Expression in a Manner Dependent on SNP rs12607853.
Estimated prevalence of Cronkhite-Canada Syndrome, Chronic Enteropathy Associated with SLCO2A1 Gene, and Intestinal Behcet \' s Disease in Japan in 2017: A Nationwide Survey.
Establishment of an organ culture system to induce Sertoli cell differentiation from undifferentiated mouse gonads.
Primary culture of mouse adipose and fibrous synovial fibroblasts under normoxic and hypoxic conditions.
Lipoprotein profile and lipid metabolism of PXB-cells , human primary hepatocytes from liver-humanized mice: proposal of novel in vitro system for screening anti-lipidemic drugs.
Placental extract ameliorates liver fibrosis in a methionine- and choline-deficient diet-induced mouse model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Specific binding of DnaA to the DnaA box motif in the cyanobacterium Synechococcus elongatus PCC 7942.
Advantages and limitations of a supernegative GFP in facilitating MyoD intracellular tracking.
A Pivotal Genetic Program Controlled by Thyroid Hormone during the Maturation of GABAergic Neurons.
To catch a thief: regulated RIPK1 post-translational modifications as a fail-safe system to detect and overcome pathogen subversion of immune signaling.
Soil types influence the characteristic of antibiotic resistance genes in greenhouse soil with long-term manure application.
Salt tolerance mechanism of a hydrocarbon-degrading strain: Salt tolerance mediated by accumulated betaine in cells.
UV photolysis as an efficient pretreatment method for antibiotics decomposition and their antibacterial activity elimination.
Not all cancers are created equal: Tissue specificity in cancer genes and pathways.
Transcriptome analysis revealed key signaling networks regulating ovarian activities in the domestic yak.
High Expression of Kruppel-like Factor 7 Indicates Unfavorable Clinical Outcomes in Patients with Lung Adenocarcinoma.
Association of BRCA Mutantations and BRCAness Status With Anticancer Drug Sensitivities in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Cell Lines.
Structure and functional analysis reveal an important regulated role of arginine kinase in Patinopecten yessoensis under low pH stress.
The combined effect of Cr(III) and NaCl determines changes in metal uptake, nutrient content, and gene expression in quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa Willd.).
Micro-XRF mapping and quantitative assessment of Cd in rice (Oryza sativa L.) roots.
Survey of dissimilatory nitrate reduction to ammonium microbial community at national wetland of Shanghai, China.
Transcriptional regulation and expression network responding to cadmium stress in a Cd-tolerant perennial grass Poa Pratensis.
Characterization of antibiotic resistance genes and bacterial community in selected municipal and industrial sewage treatment plants beside Poyang Lake.
SMN gene copy number analysis by exome-seq: assisting SMA diagnosis and carrier screening.
The Value of Parental Testing by Next-Generation Sequencing Includes the Detection of Germline Mosaicism.
Boosting landfill gas production from lignin-containing wastes via termite hindgut microorganism.
Awakening the dark side: retrotransposon activation in neurodegenerative disorders.
Metabolomic, functional, and ecologic responses of the common freshwater fungus Neonectria lugdunensis to mine drainage stress.
Genetic analysis and population structure of Anopheles gambiae complex (Diptera: Culicidae) from different ecological zones of Burkina Faso.
Unusual phenotype in patients with a hypomorphic mutation in the DCLRE1C gene: IgG hypergammaglobulinemia with IgA and IgE deficiency.
Differential activation of human pregnane X receptor PXR by isomeric mono-methylated indoles in intestinal and hepatic in vitro models.
The role of CGRP receptor antagonist (CGRP8-37) and Endomorphin-1 combination therapy on neuropathic pain alleviation and expression of Sigma-1 receptors and antioxidants in rats.
Novel truncating and missense variants extending the spectrum of EMC1-related phenotypes, causing autism spectrum disorder, severe global development delay and visual impairment.
Fam83d modulates MAP kinase and AKT signaling and is induced during neurogenic skeletal muscle atrophy.
Characterization of gene expression changes in human neural stem cells and endothelial cells modeling a neurovascular microenvironment.
Characterization of Clostridioides difficile strains isolated from manure and digestate in five agricultural biogas plants.
Human radical scavenger alpha1-microglobulin protects against hemolysis in vitro and alpha1-microglobulin knockout mice exhibit a macrocytic anemia phenotype.
Knockout of the radical scavenger alpha1-microglobulin in mice results in defective bikunin synthesis, endoplasmic reticulum stress and increased body weight.
High efficacy and economical procedure of oral vaccination against Lactococcus garvieae/Streptococcus iniae in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
Effects of acute ammonia toxicity on oxidative stress, DNA damage and apoptosis in digestive gland and gill of Asian clam (Corbicula fluminea).
Regulation of vitellogenin gene expression under the negative modulator, gonad-inhibiting hormone in Penaeus monodon.
Diabetic Keratopathy: Insights and Challenges.
Cellular, molecular and immunological characteristics of Langhans multinucleated giant cells programmed by IL-15.
Multiple sevoflurane exposures don \' t disturb the T-cell receptor repertoire in infant rhesus monkeys \'  thymus.
Up-regulated miR-374a-3p relieves lipopolysaccharides induced injury in CHON-001 cells via regulating Wingless-type MMTV integration site family member 5B.
Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of arthroconidia obtained from the edible mushroom Hypsizygus marmoreus.
Endogenous ApoA-I expression in macrophages: a potential target for protection against atherosclerosis.
Influenza virus NS1- C/EBPbeta gene regulatory complex inhibits RIG-I transcription.
Modelling the On-going Natural Selection of Educational Attainment in Contemporary Societies.
Iron and hepcidin mediate human colorectal cancer cell growth.
Current advances in microcell-mediated chromosome transfer technology and its applications.
Inhibition of thioredoxin reductase 1 correlates with platinum-based chemotherapeutic induced tissue injury.
Differential day-night expression of tight junction components in murine retinal pigment epithelium.
Molecular characterisation and expression analysis of NAC transcription factor genes in wild Medicago falcata under abiotic stresses.
Perfluoroalkyl Substances Stimulate Insulin Secretion by Islet beta Cells via G Protein-Coupled Receptor 40.
A synergistic partial-denitrification, anammox and in-situ fermentation (SPDAF) process for advanced nitrogen removal from domestic and nitrate-containing wastewater.
Single-cell RNA sequencing reveals size-dependent effects of polystyrene microplastics on immune and secretory cell populations from zebrafish intestines.
Single-Cell Analysis of Cytokine mRNA and Protein Expression by Flow Cytometry.
Serotonin system genes and hoarding with and without other obsessive-compulsive traits in a population-based, pediatric sample: A genetic association study.
Crystal structure of Alr1298, a pentapeptide repeat protein from the cyanobacterium Nostoc sp. PCC 7120, determined at 2.1 A resolution.
Polyploidization-driven differentiation of freezing tolerance in Solidago canadensis.
ABA-responsive ABRE-BINDING FACTOR3 activates DAM3 expression to promote bud dormancy in Asian pear.
A Recurrent Pathogenic Variant in TPM2 Reveals Further Phenotypic and Genetic Heterogeneity in Multiple Pterygium Syndrome-Related Disorders.
Homozygous STAT2 gain-of-function mutation by loss of USP18 activity in a patient with type I interferonopathy.
Combination of dasatinib with chemotherapy in previously untreated core binding factor acute myeloid leukemia: CALGB 10801.
Weighty choices: selecting optimal G-CSF doses for stem cell mobilization to optimize yield.
KIR B donors improve the outcome for AML patients given reduced intensity conditioning and unrelated donor transplantation.
Mating-Induced Differential Expression in Genes Related to Reproduction and Immunity in Spodoptera litura (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) Female Moths.
Quantitative proteomics analysis reveals important roles of N-glycosylation on ER quality control system for development and pathogenesis in Magnaporthe oryzae.
Testis transcriptome profiling identified genes involved in spermatogenic arrest of cattleyak.
Proteasomal inhibition triggers viral oncoprotein degradation via autophagy-lysosomal pathway.
An adjustable algal chloroplast plug-and-play model for genome-scale metabolic models.
Chemerin contributes to in vivo adipogenesis in a location-specific manner.
Significance of gene mutations in the Wnt signaling pathway in traditional serrated adenomas of the colon and rectum.
Antibiotic burden of school children from Tibetan, Hui, and Han groups in the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau.
Differential sequences and single nucleotide polymorphism of exosomal SOX2 DNA in cancer.
Functional interactions between posttranslationally modified amino acids of methyl-coenzyme M reductase in Methanosarcina acetivorans.
Identification of quantitative trait loci associated with nitrogen use efficiency in winter wheat.
Identification and expression analysis of S-alk(en)yl-L-cysteine sulfoxide lyase isoform genes and determination of allicin contents in Allium species.
Phylogeography and population structure of the tsetse fly Glossina pallidipes in Kenya and the Serengeti ecosystem.
