Bismuth-Based Nanomaterials: Recent Advances in Tumor Targeting and Synergistic Cancer Therapy Techniques.
Biochemical, serological, and genetic aspects related to gene HLA-DQB1 and its association with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM).
Reliable blood cancer cells \'  telomere length evaluation by qPCR.
Differential response to hepatic differentiation stimuli of amniotic epithelial cells isolated from four regions of the amniotic membrane.
ClusPro in rounds 38-45 of CAPRI: Toward combining template-based methods with free docking.
Association of Tripartite Motif Containing 11 rs564309 with Tau Pathology in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy.
Mustard oil consumption, cooking method, diet and gallbladder cancer risk in high- and low-risk regions of India.
Single cell transcriptome profiling of the human alcohol-dependent brain.
A Novel De Novo KIF21A Variant in a Patient With Congenital Fibrosis of the Extraocular Muscles With a Syndromic CFEOM Phenotype.
Erythrocyte adaptive metabolic reprogramming under physiological and pathological hypoxia.
Vascular elastic fiber heterogeneity in health and disease.
First report of de novo 12q14.2-q23.3 duplication: patient with multiple congenital anomalies, neurodevelopmental delay, and a connective tissue disorder-like phenotype including cutis laxa.
Effects of rivaroxaban and dabigatran on global hemostasis in patients with atrial fibrillation.
IMPROVEMENT OF QUALITY STANDARDS IN HOSPITAL CARE IN GEORGIA. PROBLEMS AND PROSPECTIVES.
A large genomic insertion containing a duplicated follistatin gene is linked to the pea aphid male wing dimorphism.
Downregulation of serum miR-106b: a potential biomarker for Alzheimer disease.
Development of an automated AmpliSeq  library building workflow for biological stain samples on the Biomek  3000.
Paternal mosaicism for a novel PBX1 mutation associated with recurrent perinatal death: Phenotypic expansion of the PBX1-related syndrome.
Testing association of rare genetic variants with resistance to three common antiseizure medications.
Identifying new lineages in the Y chromosome of Colombian Amazon indigenous populations.
Molecular Pathology of Lynch Syndrome.
Study of the Risks of CIN3+ detection following multiple rounds of HPV testing: Results of the 15-year cervical cancer screening experience at Kaiser Permanente Northern California.
Chromosomal mosaicism in human blastocysts: the ultimate diagnostic dilemma.
Dietary polyunsaturated fat intake in relation to head and neck, esophageal, and gastric cancer incidence in the NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study.
Cooperation and interplay between base and nucleotide excision repair pathways: From DNA lesions to proteins.
SSD - a free software for designing multimeric mono-, bi- and trivalent shRNAs.
Discovery of Anticancer Agents from 2-Pyrazoline-Based Compounds.
Risk of schizophrenia in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome: a nationwide population-based cohort study from Taiwan.
A study on the Effects of Inhibition Mechanism of Curcumin, Quercetin, and Resveratrol on Human Glutathione Reductase through In Vitro and In Silico Approaches.
ABA-dependent K+ flux is one of the important features of the drought response that distinguishes Catalpa from two different habitats.
Understanding the Molecular Mechanisms of Asthma through Transcriptomics.
Expression profiles of the MXD3 gene and association of sequence variants with growth traits in Xianan and Qinchuan cattle.
SIRT2-dependent IDH1 deacetylation inhibits colorectal cancer and liver metastases.
Expansion of the phenotype of lateral meningocele syndrome.
Isolation and characterization of a new MATE gene located in the same chromosome arm of the aluminum tolerance (Alt1) rye locus.
Endosperm enrichment and physicochemical properties of superior and inferior grain starch in super hybrid rice.
Acute hemolytic reaction due to A-B mismatched transfusion in a cat with transient AB blood type.
A data-driven methodology reveals novel myofiber clusters in older human muscles.
Ovarian suppression for adjuvant treatment of hormone receptor-positive early breast cancer.
Methylprednisolone Reduces Persistent Post-ischemic Inflammation in a Rat Hypoxia-Ischemia Model of Perinatal Stroke.
Small-scale population genetic structure of the sand bubbler crab Scopimera ryukyuensis in the Ryukyu Islands, Japan.
Clinico-diagnostic features of neuralgic amyotrophy in childhood.
Clinical exome sequencing in neuromuscular diseases: an experience from Turkey.
High levels of proinflammatory cytokines IL-6 and IL-8 are associated with a poor clinical outcome in sickle cell anemia.
Altered expression of apoptosis-related, circulating cell-free miRNAs in children with familial Mediterranean fever: a cross-sectional study.
SARS-CoV-2: a potential novel etiology of fulminant myocarditis.
Metabolic and immunologic control of intestinal cell function by mTOR.
Efficacy and tolerability of mycophenolate mofetil in a pediatric Rasmussen syndrome.
Concurrent prenatal drinking and smoking increases risk for SIDS: Safe Passage Study report.
Endocrine morbidity in midline brain defects: Differences between septo-optic dysplasia and related disorders.
Assessment of Rapid Hepatic Glycogen Synthesis in Humans Using Dynamic 13C Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy.
mTOR pathway somatic variants and the molecular pathogenesis of hemimegalencephaly.
Genetic characterization of the entire range of Cycas panzhihuaensis (Cycadaceae).
Glial cell ecology in zebrafish development and regeneration.
Dataset of allele, genotype and haplotype frequencies of four polymorphisms filaggrin gene in Russian patients with atopic dermatitis.
Draft genome sequence data of Bacillus subtilis strain 9407, isolated from healthy apples in China.
Editorial: Epigenetic Regulation of Stem Cell Plasticity in Tissue Regeneration and Disease.
Enzyme replacement therapy interruption in patients with Mucopolysaccharidoses: Recommendations for distinct scenarios in Latin America.
Association of Polymorphisms in the Promoter Region of NOS2A Gene with Primary Knee Osteoarthritis in the Greek Population.
Novel association between TGFA, TGFB1, IRF1, PTGS2 and IKBKB single-nucleotide polymorphisms and occurrence, severity and treatment response of major depressive disorder.
Genome sequencing of Aspergillus glaucus  \' CCHA \'  provides insights into salt-stress adaptation.
SERPINA1 gene identified in RNA-Seq showed strong association with milk protein concentration in Chinese Holstein cows.
The special considerations of gene therapy for mitochondrial diseases.
Stem cells out of the bag: characterization of ex vivo expanded mesenchymal stromal cells for possible clinical use.
Intra- and interspecific diversity analyses in the genus Eremurus in Iran using genotyping-by-sequencing reveal geographic population structure.
Evolution and roles of cytokinin genes in angiosperms 2: Do ancient CKXs play housekeeping roles while non-ancient CKXs play regulatory roles?
Evolution and roles of cytokinin genes in angiosperms 1: Do ancient IPTs play housekeeping while non-ancient IPTs play regulatory roles?
A temporal gene expression map of Chrysanthemum leaves infected with Alternaria alternata reveals different stages of defense mechanisms.
MdATG18a overexpression improves basal thermotolerance in transgenic apple by decreasing damage to chloroplasts.
Autosomal recessive spastic ataxia of charlevoix-saguenay: Findings from MRI in two adult Italian siblings.
The greater inflammatory pathway-high clinical potential by innovative predictive, preventive, and personalized medical approach.
Screening of Secreted Proteins of Sporisorium reilianum f. sp. zeae for Cell Death Suppression in Nicotiana benthamiana.
Alternative Splicing and DNA Damage Response in Plants.
Editorial: Role of Ribonucleases in Immune Response Regulation During Infection and Cancer.
Exosomes Transmit Viral Genetic Information and Immune Signals may cause Immunosuppression and Immune Tolerance in ALV-J Infected HD11 cells.
Step-Headache: A Distinct Symptom of Migraine.
Intralesional Sclerotherapy with Bleomycin in Lymphatic Malformation of Tongue an Institutional Experience and Outcomes.
Interplay between whole-genome doubling and the accumulation of deleterious alterations in cancer evolution.
BRUCE preserves genomic stability in the male germline of mice.
53BP1 loss rescues embryonic lethality but not genomic instability of BRCA1 total knockout mice.
Big data in digital healthcare: lessons learnt and recommendations for general practice.
Lipogenic signalling modulates prostate cancer cell adhesion and migration via modification of Rho GTPases.
The proprotein convertase furin is a pro-oncogenic driver in KRAS and BRAF driven colorectal cancer.
Genetic and phenotypic landscape of the mitochondrial genome in the Japanese population.
Tuning up microbiome analysis to monitor WWTPs \'  biological reactors functioning.
Shared Causal Paths underlying Alzheimer \' s dementia and Type 2 Diabetes.
Adapting SureSelect enrichment protocol to the Ion Torrent S5 platform in molecular diagnostics of craniosynostosis.
RORgammat may Influence the Microenvironment of Thyroid Cancer Predicting Favorable Prognosis.
Prevalence, comorbidity, and breed differences in canine anxiety in 13,700 Finnish pet dogs.
Human glutaredoxin-1 can transfer copper to isolated metal binding domains of the P1B-type ATPase, ATP7B.
Recapitulating T cell infiltration in 3D psoriatic skin models for patient-specific drug testing.
MicroRNA-144 represses gliomas progression and elevates susceptibility to Temozolomide by targeting CAV2 and FGF7.
A riboswitch gives rise to multi-generational phenotypic heterogeneity in an auxotrophic bacterium.
Identification of novel breast cancer susceptibility loci in meta-analyses conducted among Asian and European descendants.
Identification of region-specific astrocyte subtypes at single cell resolution.
Trajectory-based differential expression analysis for single-cell sequencing data.
Genetic variants in RET, ARHGEF3 and CTNNAL1, and relevant interaction networks, contribute to the risk of Hirschsprung disease.
MicroRNAs organize intrinsic variation into stem cell states.
Complete Genome Sequence of Streptococcus ratti JH145.
Genome Sequence of Vibrio cholerae Strain RFB16, Isolated from North Park Lake in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.
Identification and Whole-Genome Sequencing of a Monkeypox Virus Strain Isolated in Israel.
A neurodevelopmental origin of behavioral individuality in the Drosophila visual system.
Post-2020 goals overlook genetic diversity.
An atlas of the protein-coding genes in the human, pig, and mouse brain.
Protocol for a longitudinal, prospective cohort study investigating the biology of uterine fibroids and endometriosis, and patients \'  quality of life: the FENOX study.
Limits to sustained energy intake. XXX. Constraint or restraint? Manipulations of food supply show peak food intake in lactation is constrained.
Impact of treatment on cellular immunophenotype in MS: A cross-sectional study.
Combining ibrutinib and checkpoint blockade improves CD8+ T-cell function and control of chronic lymphocytic leukemia in Em-TCL1 mice.
Glanzmann thrombasthenia: genetic basis and clinical correlates.
Disruptive innovation in rheumatology: new networks of global public-private partnerships are needed to take advantage of scientific progress.
Oncolytic HSV infected glioma cells activate NOTCH in adjacent tumor cells sensitizing tumors to gamma secretase inhibition.
Medical and neurobehavioural phenotypes in carriers of X-linked ichthyosis-associated genetic deletions in the UK Biobank.
Every Fifth Individual With Type 1 Diabetes Suffers From an Additional Autoimmune Disease: A Finnish Nationwide Study.
Diet, nutrition, and cancer risk: what do we know and what is the way forward?
Disease Modeling To Understand the Pathomechanisms of Human Genetic Kidney Disorders.
Bayesian methods in palliative care research: cancer-induced bone pain.
Deubiquitinases: Pro-oncogenic Activity and Therapeutic Targeting in Blood Malignancies.
Epigenetic modulations and lineage plasticity in advanced prostate cancer.
Routine CYP2C19 Genotyping to Adjust Thienopyridine Treatment After Primary PCI for STEMI: Results of the GIANT Study.
Paracrine and cell autonomous signalling in pancreatic cancer progression and metastasis.
Recent insights into the biology of pancreatic cancer.
Clinical and Molecular Diagnosis of Joubert Syndrome and Related Disorders.
Association between the number of top-quality blastocysts and live births after single blastocyst transfer in the first fresh or vitrified-warmed IVF/ICSI cycle.
Human proteins incorporated into tick-borne encephalitis virus revealed by in situ proximity ligation.
Anastomotic leak in colorectal cancer patients: New insights and perspectives.
Next-Generation Sequencing of Retinoblastoma Identifies Pathogenic Alterations beyond RB1 Inactivation That Correlate with Aggressive Histopathologic Features.
Surgical Techniques for Knee Cartilage Repair: An Updated Large-Scale Systematic Review and Network Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
[Hereditary pancreatitis].
Pesticide exposure and risk of aggressive prostate cancer among private pesticide applicators.
Genetic barcoding reveals clonal dominance in iPSC-derived mesenchymal stromal cells.
Developmental nicotine exposure engenders intergenerational downregulation and aberrant posttranslational modification of cardinal epigenetic factors in the frontal cortices, striata, and hippocampi of adolescent mice.
Genome-wide identification of Diacylglycerol Acyltransferases (DGAT) family genes influencing Milk production in Buffalo.
Gene expression analysis reveals the tipping points during infant brain development for human and chimpanzee.
Chromosome aberration in typical biological systems under exposure to low- and high-intensity magnetic fields.
Toxicity, Physiological, and Ultrastructural Effects of Arsenic and Cadmium on the Extremophilic Microalga Chlamydomonas acidophila.
Advances and Challenges in Bacterial Spot Resistance Breeding in Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.).
Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Long Intergenic Non-Coding RNAs Contributed to Intramuscular Fat Content Differences between Yorkshire and Wei Pigs.
Unbalanced Sphingolipid Metabolism and Its Implications for the Pathogenesis of Psoriasis.
Sleep in the Natural Environment: A Pilot Study.
Molecular Genetics of Niemann-Pick Type C Disease in Italy: An Update on 105 Patients and Description of 18 NPC1 Novel Variants.
Potential Factors Influencing Repeated SARS Outbreaks in China.
Assessment of Antioxidants in Selected Plant Rootstocks.
Circulating RNAs as Potential Biomarkers in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Synthesis and Bioactivity Assessment of Novel Spiro Pyrazole-Oxindole Congeners Exhibiting Potent and Selective in vitro Anticancer Effects.
Altered Plasma Acylcarnitines and Amino Acids Profile in Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 7.
Down Regulation and Loss of Auxin Response Factor 4 Function Using CRISPR/Cas9 Alters Plant Growth, Stomatal Function and Improves Tomato Tolerance to Salinity and Osmotic Stress.
Serine Biosynthesis Pathway Supports MYC-miR-494-EZH2 Feed-Forward Circuit Necessary to Maintain Metabolic and Epigenetic Reprogramming of Burkitt Lymphoma Cells.
Integrated Analysis of miRNA-mRNA Network Reveals Different Regulatory Patterns in the Endometrium of Meishan and Duroc Sows during Mid-Late Gestation.
[A case of 45, XO male with disorder of sexual development].
Platelet Dysfunction in Noonan and 22q11.2 Deletion Syndromes in Childhood.
Triclocarban exposure affects mouse oocyte in vitro maturation through inducing mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress.
A key control point in the T cell response to chronic infection and neoplasia: FOXO1.
Contemporary outcomes of metastatic breast cancer among 22,000 women from the multicentre ESME cohort 2008-2016.
Epitranscriptomic 5-Methylcytosine Profile in PM2.5-induced Mouse Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Double-edged sword of inflammasome genetics in colorectal cancer prognosis.
Whole exome sequencing (WES) approach for diagnosing primary immunodeficiencies (PIDs) in a highly consanguineous community.
A Machine Learning-driven Study Indicates Emodin Improves Cardiac Hypertrophy by Modulation of Mitochondrial SIRT3 Signaling.
Glycaemic status during pregnancy and longitudinal measures of fetal growth in a multi-racial US population: a prospective cohort study.
Pathogenic DDX3X Mutations Impair RNA Metabolism and Neurogenesis during Fetal Cortical Development.
Genetic and Genomic Advances in Developmental Models: Applications for Nutrition Research.
Resolution of herpes simplex virus reactivation in vivo results in neuronal destruction.
Pregnancy outcomes according to the definition of gestational diabetes.
Context-dependent genetic architecture of Drosophila life span.
Pathogen transmission from vaccinated hosts can cause dose-dependent reduction in virulence.
NaV1.1 and NaV1.6 selective compounds reduce the behavior phenotype and epileptiform activity in a novel zebrafish model for Dravet Syndrome.
Reduction of Extramedullary Complications in Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia/Myelodysplastic Syndrome Treated With Azacitidine.
An Original Complex Rearrangement Involving Chromosomes 9, 11, and 14, Harboring a Complex KMT2A Gene Rearrangement in an Infant With Mixed-phenotype Acute Leukemia.
S100A8/A9 regulates CD11b expression and neutrophil recruitment during chronic tuberculosis.
Normosmic idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to a novel GNRH1 variant in two siblings.
Hypothesis Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and environmental pollutants.
Using the Nondonor Distribution to Improve Communication and Inform Decision Making for Low LRs from Minor Contributors in Mixed DNA Profiles.
Immune Correlates of Protection Against Human Cytomegalovirus Acquisition, Replication, and Disease.
Evaluating the Use of Circulating MicroRNA Profiles for Lung Cancer Detection in Symptomatic Patients.
Evaluation of POLE/POLD1 Variants as Potential Biomarkers for Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor Treatment Outcomes.
Thanatogenomic Investigation of the Hydroxymethylome and Mitochondrial Genome of Cadaveric Cardiomyocytes: Proposal for a Proof-of-Concept Study.
Brain aging comprises many modes of structural and functional change with distinct genetic and biophysical associations.
ICTV Virus Taxonomy Profile: Closteroviridae.
Analysis of genomic-length HBV sequences to determine genotype and subgenotype reference sequences.
Excessive charity: A new aspect of impulse control disorders in Parkinson \' s disease?
Caregiver support buffers posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms following a natural disaster in relation to binge drinking.
Acculturation and selected birth defects among non-Hispanic Blacks in a population-based case-control study.
Haploinsufficiency of the basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor HAND2 causes congenital heart defects.
Transfection of glycoprotein encoding mRNA for swift evaluation of N-glycan engineering strategies.
The novel R211Q POP1 homozygous mutation causes different pathogenesis and skeletal changes from those of previously reported POP1-associated anauxetic dysplasia.
Proline biosynthesis is a vent for TGFbeta-induced mitochondrial redox stress.
The value of transfusion of phenotyped blood units for thalassemia and sickle cell anemia patients at an academic center.
Piperlongumine increases the apoptotic effect of doxorubicin and paclitaxel in a cervical cancer cell line.
Benefit of an association of an antioxidative substrate and a traditional chinese medicine on telomere elongation.
CD4+ regulatory T cells and CD4+ activated T cells in new active and relapse tuberculosis.
Effective Chemicals against Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) in China.
Opioidergic System and Functional Architecture of Intrinsic Brain Activity: Implications for Psychiatric Disorders.
Loss-of-function of Endothelin receptor type A results in Oro-Oto-Cardiac syndrome.
Storm impacts on phytoplankton community dynamics in lakes.
Dental and Craniofacial Defects in the Crtap-/- Mouse Model of Osteogenesis Imperfecta Type VII.
Association of lifestyle factors with semen quality: A pilot study conducted in men from the Portuguese Tras-os-Montes and Alto Douro region followed in fertility support consultations.
Small fiber neuropathy associated with autoinflammatory syndromes in children.
First report of childhood progressive cerebellar atrophy due to compound heterozygous MTFMT variants.
Molecular characterization and expressional quantification of lgp2, a modulatory co-receptor of RLR- signaling pathway in the Indian major carp, Labeo rohita, following pathogenic challenges and PAMPs stimulations.
Development and feasibility of quantitative dynamic cardiac imaging for mice using muSPECT.
Oats as a Safe Alternative to Triticeae Cereals for People Suffering from Celiac Disease? A Review.
Mutation signatures specific to DNA alkylating agents in yeast and cancers.
Quantitative analysis of transcription factor binding and expression using calling cards reporter arrays.
Enhancer occlusion transcripts regulate the activity of human enhancer domains via transcriptional interference: a computational perspective.
Rice F-bZIP transcription factors regulate the zinc deficiency response.
Differences in Diet Quality among Multiple US Racial/Ethnic Groups from the Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America (MASALA) Study and the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Neuroticism polygenic risk score predicts 20-year burden of depressive symptoms for Whites but not Blacks.
PYLFIRE: Python implementation of likelihood-free inference by ratio estimation.
Untargeted metabolomics to understand the basis of phenotypic differences in amphotericin B-resistant Leishmania parasites.
Splicing profile by capture RNA-seq identifies pathogenic germline variants in tumor suppressor genes.
Skin-specific antibodies neutralizing mycolactone toxin during the spontaneous healing of Mycobacterium ulcerans infection.
Genomic evidence for two phylogenetic species and long-term population bottlenecks in red pandas.
Expression Pattern Analysis of Antiviral Genes and Inflammatory Cytokines in PEDV-Infected Porcine Intestinal Epithelial Cells.
Beyond the Blood: CSF-Derived cfDNA for Diagnosis and Characterization of CNS Tumors.
Polyploid Adipose Stem Cells Shift the Balance of IGF1/IGFBP2 to Promote the Growth of Breast Cancer.
Leptin Signaling in Liver Tissue of a Transgenic Breast Cancer Mouse Model.
Switching off DNA repair-how colorectal cancer evades targeted therapies through adaptive mutability.
Effects of thymoquinone in prevention of experimental contrast-induced nephropathy in rats.
Effect of resveratrol on SNARE proteins expression and insulin resistance in skeletal muscle of diabetic rats.
Checkpoint blockade inhibitors enhances the effectiveness of a Listeria monocytogenes-based melanoma vaccine.
MAGE-A inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation in multiple myeloma through regulation of BIM and p21Cip1.
Genetic and Clinical Analyses of 13 Chinese Families With Cystine Urolithiasis and Identification of 15 Novel Pathogenic Variants in SLC3A1 and SLC7A9.
BarleyNet: A Network-Based Functional Omics Analysis Server for Cultivated Barley, Hordeum vulgare L.
Heat Acclimation and Inhibition of Cytokinin Degradation Positively Affect Heat Stress Tolerance of Arabidopsis.
Genome-Wide Association Study and QTL Meta-Analysis Identified Novel Genomic Loci Controlling Potassium Use Efficiency and Agronomic Traits in Bread Wheat.
Metagenomic Insights Into the Cycling of Dimethylsulfoniopropionate and Related Molecules in the Eastern China Marginal Seas.
Antibodies Against Hypothalamus and Pituitary Gland in Childhood-Onset Brain Tumors and Pituitary Dysfunction.
Modeling Bainbridge-Ropers Syndrome in Xenopus laevis Embryos.
Slow 0.1 Hz Breathing and Body Posture Induced Perturbations of RRI and Respiratory Signal Complexity and Cardiorespiratory Coupling.
THE BRANCHED-CHAIN AMINO ACID TRANSAMINASE 1 -23C/G POLYMORPHISM CONFERS PROTECTION AGAINST ACUTE CORONARY SYNDROME.
Publisher Correction: Single-cell and spatial transcriptomics reveal somitogenesis in gastruloids.
A pathway coordinated by DELE1 relays mitochondrial stress to the cytosol.
Coronavirus nixes conference, twilight zone beckons and a faded star brightens.
Defining trained immunity and its role in health and disease.
Correction: Interpretation of mitochondrial tRNA variants.
The PIWI protein Aubergine recruits eIF3 to activate translation in the germ plasm.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of the archaeal community in coastal sediments: assembly process and co-occurrence relationship.
Indirect regulation of TFPI-2 expression by miR-494 in breast cancer cells.
Author Correction: Drug-induced PD-L1 expression and cell stress response in breast cancer cells can be balanced by drug combination.
Retinal biomarkers and pharmacological targets for Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 7.
Publisher Correction: Stable isotope metabolomics of pulmonary artery smooth muscle and endothelial cells in pulmonary hypertension and with TGF-beta treatment.
Author Correction: Canonical germinant receptor is dispensable for spore germination in Clostridium botulinum group II strain NCTC 11219.
Selective Targeting of Virus Replication by Proton Pump Inhibitors.
Evaluation of Rationally Designed Label-free Stem-loop DNA Probe Opening in the Presence of miR-21 by Circular Dichroism and Fluorescence Techniques.
Therapeutic potential of KLF2-induced exosomal microRNAs in pulmonary hypertension.
Differential DNA methylation of vocal and facial anatomy genes in modern humans.
Alcohol-aggravated episodic pain in humans with SCN11A mutation and ALDH2 polymorphism.
Urban environment and reservoir host species are associated with Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis infection prevalence in the common toad.
Discovery of a redox thiol switch: implications for cellular energy metabolism.
Different CSF protein profiles in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia with C9orf72 hexanucleotide repeat expansion.
Transcriptional repression specifies the central cell for double fertilization.
Assessing thyroid cancer risk using polygenic risk scores.
Extending the Genotype in Brachypodium by Including DNA Methylation Reveals a Joint Contribution with Genetics on Adaptive Traits.
Twitching and Swimming Motility Play a Role in Ralstonia solanacearum Pathogenicity.
Factors and Conditions That Impact Electroporation of Clostridioides difficile Strains.
The Physical Mechanisms of Drosophila Gastrulation: Mesoderm and Endoderm Invagination.
A Tetratricopeptide Repeat Protein Regulates Carotenoid Biosynthesis and Chromoplast Development in Monkeyflower (Mimulus).
Clinical validation of qPCR Target Selector  assays using highly specific switch-blockers for rare mutation detection.
Dysplastic Aberrant Crypt Foci: Biomarkers of Early Colorectal Neoplasia and Response to Preventive Intervention.
Navigating the Intersection between Genomic Research and Clinical Practice.
Alcohol Causes Lasting Differential Transcription in Drosophila Mushroom Body Neurons.
Fast Algorithms for Conducting Large-Scale GWAS of Age-at-Onset Traits Using Cox Mixed-Effects Models.
Prevalence and Risk Factors for Oral HPV in Healthy Population, in Central Europe.
Gut Microbiota and Host Gene Mutations in Colorectal Cancer Patients and Controls of Iranian and Finnish Origin.
ADAR2 Regulates Malignant Behaviour of Mesothelioma Cells Independent of RNA-editing Activity.
An Unbalanced Chromosome Translocation Between 7p22 and 12q13 Leads to ACTB-GLI1 Fusion in Pericytoma.
[Changes of Gene Expression Profile in Cardiac Mesenchymal Cells in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Screening of Their Related Environmental Chemicals].
Linker histone variant H1t is closely associated with repressed repeat-element chromatin domains in pachytene spermatocytes.
Bivalent promoter hypermethylation in cancer is linked to the H327me3/H3K4me3 ratio in embryonic stem cells.
Scale development and utilization of universal PCR-based and high-throughput KASP markers specific for chromosome arms of rye (Secale cereale L.).
Association and linkage mapping to unravel genetic architecture of phenological traits and lateral bearing in Persian walnut (Juglans regia L.).
Transcriptome sequencing and whole genome expression profiling of hexaploid sweetpotato under salt stress.
Genome-wide analysis reveals molecular convergence underlying domestication in 7 bird and mammals.
Insight into unique somitogenesis of yak (Bos grunniens) with one additional thoracic vertebra.
LncRNAs in molluscan and mammalian stages of parasitic schistosomes are developmentally-regulated and coordinately expressed with protein-coding genes.
Co-Expression Network Analysis of Spleen Transcriptome in Rock Bream (Oplegnathus fasciatus) Naturally Infected with Rock Bream Iridovirus (RBIV).
In Vitro MCF-7 Cells Apoptosis Analysis of Carboplatin Loaded Silk Fibroin Particles.
A RING-Type E3 Ubiquitin Ligase, OsGW2, Controls Chlorophyll Content and Dark-Induced Senescence in Rice.
Systematic Review of Polygenic Risk Scores for Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes.
The Potential Role of Selected miRNA in Uveal Melanoma Primary Tumors as Early Biomarkers of Disease Progression.
Modeling the Genetic Basis of Individual Differences in Susceptibility to Gulf War Illness.
Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency: An Update on Genetic Analysis of CYP21A2 Gene.
Structure and physicochemical properties of two waxy wheat starches.
Club Cell TRPV4 Serves as a Damage Sensor Driving Lung Allergic Inflammation.
Proton Motive Force Disruptors Block Bacterial Competence and Horizontal Gene Transfer.
The Contextualized Genetics of Human Longevity: JACC Focus Seminar.
Pathogenic FBN1 Genetic Variation and Aortic Dissection in Patients With Marfan Syndrome.
iTAG-RNA Isolates Cell-Specific Transcriptional Responses to Environmental Stimuli and Identifies an RNA-Based Endocrine Axis.
Hierarchy in Hfq Chaperon Occupancy of Small RNA Targets Plays a Major Role in Their Regulation.
Microglial Homeostasis Requires Balanced CSF-1/CSF-2 Receptor Signaling.
The Interplay between CD27dull and CD27bright B Cells Ensures the Flexibility, Stability, and Resilience of Human B Cell Memory.
Virus-Mediated Suppression of the Antigen Presentation Molecule MR1.
Germline Features Associated with Immune Infiltration in Solid Tumors.
Gastrointestinal Neurons Expressing HCN4 Regulate Retrograde Peristalsis.
Regulated Proteolysis of MutSgamma Controls Meiotic Crossing Over.
Delineation of musculocontractural Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome caused by dermatan sulfate epimerase deficiency.
Polycomb group RING finger protein 5 influences several developmental signaling pathways during the in vitro differentiation of mouse embryonic stem cells.
Modeling of Solid-Tumor Microenvironment in Zebrafish (Danio Rerio) Larvae.
Bacterial-mediated synthesis of silver nanoparticles and their significant effect against pathogens.
Genetic parameter estimates for reproductive traits in Chokla ewes of India.
Microsatellite primer development in elasmobranchs using next generation sequencing of enriched libraries.
Effects of Gamma-Radiation on DNA Damage in Onion (Allium cepa L.) Seedlings.
A Finding of a Frozen Mummy of a Lemming (Rodentia, Cricetidae, Lemmus) in the Upper Pleistocene of Yakutia.
A double-locus scarless genome editing system in Escherichia coli.
Moringa Oleifera Oil Modulates Rumen Microflora to Mediate In Vitro Fermentation Kinetics and Methanogenesis in Total Mix Rations.
Human genetics and malaria resistance.
Catabolism of aromatic beta-glucosides by bacteria can lead to antibiotics resistance.
Completing Linnaeus \' s inventory of the Swedish insect fauna: Only 5,000 species left?
Identifying Acute Low Back Pain Episodes in Primary Care Practice From Clinical Notes: Observational Study.
Expanding the CRISPR Toolbox in Culicine Mosquitoes: In Vitro Validation of Pol III Promoters.
Potent USP10/13 antagonist spautin-1 suppresses melanoma growth via ROS-mediated DNA damage and exhibits synergy with cisplatin.
First evidence of bovine immunodeficiency virus infection in mexican cattle.
Global incidence of and trends in intrahepatic and extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma from 1993 to 2012.
Quantitative, qualitative and spatial analysis of lymphocyte infiltration in periampullary and pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Risk stratification of prostate cancer through quantitative assessment of PTEN loss (qPTEN).
Molecular genetic analysis of an XDR Pseudomonas aeruginosa ST664 clone carrying multiple conjugal plasmids.
Genomic diversity of SARS-CoV-2 in Coronavirus Disease 2019 patients.
Supervised-learning is an accurate method for network-based gene classification.
Comprehensive fitness maps of Hsp90 show widespread environmental dependence.
ARL13B regulates Sonic Hedgehog signaling from outside primary cilia.
[Introduction to symptom networks in psychopathology].
Phylogenomic revision of the family Streptosporangiaceae, reclassification of Desertactinospora gelatinilytica as Spongiactinospora gelatinilytica comb. nov. and a taxonomic home for the genus Sinosporangium in the family Streptosporangiaceae.
Wnt Regulation: Exploring Axin-Disheveled interactions and defining mechanisms by which the SCF E3 ubiquitin ligase is recruited to the destruction complex.
Angiotensin receptor blockers as tentative SARS-CoV-2 therapeutics.
The path to a better biomarker: application of a risk management framework for the implementation of PD-L1 and TILs as immuno-oncology biomarkers into breast cancer clinical trials and daily practice.
Comparative phylogeographic inference with genome-wide data from aggregated population-pairs.
The Y-chromosome F haplogroup contributes to the development of Barrett \' s esophagus-associated esophageal adenocarcinoma in a white male population.
Biallelic variants in PSMB1 encoding the proteasome subunit beta6 cause impairment of proteasome function, microcephaly, intellectual disability, developmental delay and short stature.
Advancing biology based therapeutic approaches for atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumors.
OsOASTL-A1 functions as a cytosolic cysteine synthase and affects arsenic tolerance in rice.
Novel mutation in the nuclear receptor subfamily 0, group B, member 1 (NR0B1) gene associated with intrafamilial heterogeneity in three boys with X-linked adrenal hypoplasia congenita and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism from India.
First identification in Tasmania of fish pathogens Tenacibaculum dicentrarchi and T. soleae and multiplex PCR for these organisms and T. maritimum.
Samarium enriches antitumor activity of ZnO nanoparticles via downregulation of CXCR4 receptor and cytochrome P450.
High prevalence of arterial dissection in patients with Loeys-Dietz syndrome and cerebral aneurysm.
Association analysis of potentially functional variants within 8p12 with schizophrenia in the Han Chinese population.
Sugar-Sweetened Beverages, Type 2 Diabetes and Factual Causation in Negligence.
The gendered pay gap in genetic counseling.
Enhanced anticancer potency of doxorubicin in combination with curcumin in gastric adenocarcinoma.
Understanding genetic learning needs of people affected by rare disease.
Expanding the phenotypic and genotypic spectrum of Wiedemann-Steiner syndrome: First patient from India.
Phosphatidic acid directly binds with rice potassium channel OsAKT2 to inhibit its activity.
Rare variants and biological pathways identified in treatment-refractory depression.
Biomarkers for Early Cancer Diagnosis: Prospects for Success through the Lens of Tumor Genetics.
DNA quantitation and degradation assessment: a quantitative PCR protocol designed for small forensic genetics laboratories.
Androgen therapy in inherited bone marrow failure syndromes: analysis from the Canadian Inherited Marrow Failure Registry.
[Clinical practice guidelines for Rett syndrome].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Leber \' s hereditary optic neuropathy].
[Clinical practice guidelines for hereditary non-syndromic deafness].
[Clinical practice guidelines for spinal muscular atrophy].
[Clinical practice guidelines for Duchenne muscular dystrophy].
[Clinical practice guidelines for albinism].
[Clinical practice guidelines for beta-thalassemia].
[Clinical practice guidelines for alpha-thalassemia].
[Clinical practice guidelines for phenylketonuria].
[Principles guiding the development of clinical practice guidelines for medical genetics and genomics specialty].
From farmers to livestock keepers: a typology of cattle production systems in south-western Burkina Faso.
Molecular genetics of leaf rust resistance in wheat and barley.
CNP deficiency causes severe hypomyelinating leukodystrophy in humans.
Origins, admixture dynamics and homogenization of the African gene pool in the Americas.
The effects of graded levels of calorie restriction XV: phase space attractors reveal distinct behavioral phenotypes.
Incorporation of a unified protein abundance dataset into the Saccharomyces genome database.
Single nucleotide alterations in MicroRNAs and human cancer-A not fully explored field.
Temporal bone histopathology in MELAS syndrome.
Discovery of a picomolar potency pharmacological corrector of the mutant CFTR chloride channel.
Stitching the synapse: Cross-linking mass spectrometry into resolving synaptic protein interactions.
Glycosylation of immunoglobulin G is regulated by a large network of genes pleiotropic with inflammatory diseases.
LATS kinase-mediated CTCF phosphorylation and selective loss of genomic binding.
A Rapid and Sensitive Nucleic Acid Amplification Technique for Mycoplasma Screening of Cell Therapy Products.
The Value of Intravenous Immunoglobulin Therapy in Idiopathic Inflammatory Myositis in the Current Transformed Era of Biologics.
Bioprospecting endophytic fungi from Fusarium genus as sources of bioactive metabolites.
Precision medication: An illustrative case series guiding the clinical application of multi-drug interactions and pharmacogenomics.
Climate connectivity of the bobcat in the Great Lakes region.
Contrasting patterns of sexually selected traits in Mediterranean and continental populations of European mouflon.
The evolutionary advantage of fitness-dependent recombination in diploids: A deterministic mutation-selection balance model.
Host population genetics and biogeography structure the microbiome of the sponge Cliona delitrix.
Whistle variation in Mediterranean common bottlenose dolphin: The role of geographical, anthropogenic, social, and behavioral factors.
Estimating effective population size using RADseq: Effects of SNP selection and sample size.
Telemetry and genetics reveal asymmetric dispersal of a lake-feeding salmonid between inflow and outflow spawning streams at a microgeographic scale.
WDR7 up-regulation upon knocking down of neighboring non-coding RNA using siRNAs encapsulated in polyamidoamine dendrimers.
Thalidomide attenuates the hyporesponsiveness of isolated atria to chronotropic stimulation in BDL rats: The involvement of TNF-alpha, IL-6 inhibition, and SOCS1 activation.
Subpopulations of extracellular vesicles from human metastatic melanoma tissue identified by quantitative proteomics after optimized isolation.
Identification of rare variants in novel candidate genes in pulmonary atresia patients by next generation sequencing.
Epigenetic aberrations in natural killer/T-cell lymphoma: diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic implications.
Association between the UBE2Z rs46522 and TCF7L2 rs7903146 polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes in south western Iran.
New Insights Into Chromomere Organization Provided by Lampbrush Chromosome Microdissection and High-Throughput Sequencing.
Inferring Regulatory Networks From Mixed Observational Data Using Directed Acyclic Graphs.
eCALIBRATOR: A Comparative Tool to Identify Key Genes and Pathways for Eucalyptus Defense Against Biotic Stressors.
Cetirizine use in childhood: an update of a friendly 30-year drug.
Population structure and genetic diversity of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in Penang as revealed by mitochondrial DNA cytochrome oxidase I.
Inflammatory bowel disease pathobiology: the role of the interferon signature.
Association of catechol-O-methyltranferase 472G&gt;A (Val158Met) polymorphism with susceptibility to fibromyalgia syndrome.
Sensing of tubular flow and renal electrolyte transport.
Insulin-PI3K signalling: an evolutionarily insulated metabolic driver of cancer.
Risk categorization for oversight of laboratory-developed tests for inherited conditions: an updated position statement of the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG).
Beyond broad strokes: sociocultural insights from the study of ancient genomes.
The CUL4B-miR-372/373-PIK3CA-AKT axis regulates metastasis in bladder cancer.
Comprehensive diagnostics of acute myeloid leukemia by whole transcriptome RNA sequencing.
Pharmacological activation of nitric oxide signaling promotes human hematopoietic stem cell homing and engraftment.
Comprehensive genomic characterization of gene therapy-induced T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Author Correction: Evaluation of narrow band imaging in the assessment of laryngeal granuloma.
Collective effects of long-range DNA methylations predict gene expressions and estimate phenotypes in cancer.
Functional Consequences of PDK4 Deficiency in Doberman Pinscher Fibroblasts.
Author Correction: Proteomic and Transcriptomic Changes in Hibernating Grizzly Bears Reveal Metabolic and Signaling Pathways that Protect against Muscle Atrophy.
TASH: Toolbox for the Automated Segmentation of Heschl \' s gyrus.
Novel roles of PRK1 and PRK2 in cilia and cancer biology.
Immunogenicity of rat-neu+ mouse mammary tumours determines the T cell-dependent therapeutic efficacy of anti-neu monoclonal antibody treatment.
Nutrients, minerals, antioxidant pigments and phytochemicals, and antioxidant capacity of the leaves of stem amaranth.
Distribution of Candidatus Liberibacter species in Eastern Africa, and the First Report of Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus in Kenya.
Transcriptomic resources for evolutionary studies in flat periwinkles and related species.
Graph embedding and unsupervised learning predict genomic sub-compartments from HiC chromatin interaction data.
Imaging-genetics of sex differences in ASD: distinct effects of OXTR variants on brain connectivity.
MYC-regulated pseudogene HMGA1P6 promotes ovarian cancer malignancy via augmenting the oncogenic HMGA1/2.
A shared somatic translocation involving CUX1 in monozygotic twins as an early driver of AMKL in Down syndrome.
Plasmodium chaperonin TRiC/CCT identified as a target of the antihistamine clemastine using parallel chemoproteomic strategy.
Diet modulates brain network stability, a biomarker for brain aging, in young adults.
CDK9 Blockade Exploits Context-Dependent Transcriptional Changes to Improve Activity and Limit Toxicity of Mithramycin for Ewing Sarcoma.
Collaborative Cross Mice Yield Genetic Modifiers for Pseudomonas aeruginosa Infection in Human Lung Disease.
Long-Term Phytoremediation of Coastal Saline Soil Reveals Plant Species-Specific Patterns of Microbial Community Recruitment.
Dnmt3a and Dnmt3b-Decommissioned Fetal Enhancers are Linked to Kidney Disease.
Accumulation of Globotriaosylceramide in Podocytes in Fabry Nephropathy Is Associated with Progressive Podocyte Loss.
A Novel GPER Antagonist Protects Against the Formation of Estrogen-Induced Cholesterol Gallstones in Female Mice.
Proximity dependent biotinylation: key enzymes and adaptation to proteomics approaches.
Exercise, redox homeostasis and the epigenetic landscape.
Upper limb phocomelia: A prenatal case of thrombocytopenia-absent radius (TAR) syndrome illustrating the importance of chromosomal microarray in limb reduction defects.
Serum Caspase-1 levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
NanoVar: accurate characterization of patients \'  genomic structural variants using low-depth nanopore sequencing.
Fibromatosis-like metaplastic carcinoma: a case report and review of the literature.
Molecular characterization of Plasmodium falciparum antifolate resistance markers in Thailand between 2008 and 2016.
Accurate targeted long-read DNA methylation and hydroxymethylation sequencing with TAPS.
Verification of EZH2 as a druggable target in metastatic uveal melanoma.
Reduced Cognitive Assessment Scores Among Individuals With Magnetic Resonance Imaging-Detected Vascular Brain Injury.
Gene Panel Testing in Hereditary Breast Cancer.
Holoprosencephaly Overview
Genetics of Kidney Cancer (Renal Cell Cancer) (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Cancer Genetics Risk Assessment and Counseling (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Cancer Genetics Overview (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Isolation of an antimicrobial-resistant, biofilm-forming, Klebsiella grimontii isolate from a reusable water bottle.
An association between niacin skin flush response and plasma triglyceride levels in patients with schizophrenia.
Expression profiling of the genes encoding ABA route components and the ACC oxidase isozymes in the senescing leaves of Populus tremula.
3, 3 \' , 5-Triiodo-L-thyronine affects polarity proteins of bovine Sertoli cells via WT1/non-canonical Wnt signaling pathway.
Identification of key genes associated with spermatogenesis arrest in fox hybrids using weighted gene co-expression network analysis.
Incontinentia pigmenti: Generation of an IKBKG deficient human iPSC line (KICRi002-A-1) on a 46,XY background using CRISPR/Cas9.
Educational attainment polygenic scores are associated with cortical total surface area and regions important for language and memory.
Gene expressing human artificial chromosome vectors: Advantages and challenges for gene therapy.
AG-exclusion zones revisited: lessons to learn from 91 intronic NF1 3 \'  splice site mutations outside the canonical AG-dinucleotides.
Fly-QMA: Automated analysis of mosaic imaginal discs in Drosophila.
Insights into the neuropathology of cerebral ischemia and its mechanisms.
An in vivo and in silico analysis of novel variation in TMBIM6 gene affecting cardiopulmonary traits of Indian goats.
De-Escalating Treatment of Low-Risk Breast Ductal Carcinoma In Situ.
Assessing the implications of positive genomic screening results.
Review of policies of companies and databases regarding access to customers \'  genealogy data for law enforcement purposes.
Breast Cancer Knowledge Assessment of Health Workers in Ibadan, Southwest Nigeria.
Source and Follicular Fluid Treatment During the In Vitro Maturation of Recipient Oocytes Affects the Development of Cloned Pig Embryo.
The expression landscape of cachexia-inducing factors in human cancers.
Nonsense suppression induced readthrough of a novel PAX6 mutation in patient-derived cells of congenital aniridia.
A large deletion, spanning exons 1 to 25 of F8 gene, and a high-titer factor VIII inhibitor, in severe hemophilia A.
Climate associated genetic variation in Fagus sylvatica and potential responses to climate change in the French Alps.
An Update on the Microbiology, Immunology and Genetics of Seborrheic Dermatitis.
Applying single-cell technologies to clinical pathology: progress in nephropathology.
Hyperphosphatemic familial tumoral calcinosis caused by a novel variant in the GALNT3 gene.
Mutations in GAA Gene in Tunisian Families with Infantile Onset Pompe Disease: Novel Mutation and Structural Modeling Investigations.
Phase 1 study of the protein deubiquitinase inhibitor VLX1570 in patients with relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma.
Effect of high temperature on physiological parameters of Nelore (Bos taurus indicus) and Caracu (Bos taurus taurus) cattle breeds.
Biotransformation of bisphenol A analogues by the biphenyl-degrading bacterium Cupriavidusbasilensis - a structure-biotransformation relationship.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) as a SARS-CoV-2 receptor: molecular mechanisms and potential therapeutic target.
Evolution and diversity of the wild rice Oryza officinalis complex, across continents genome types, and ploidy levels.
Evolutionary Analysis of the Zinc Finger and Homeoboxes Family of Proteins Identifies Multiple Conserved Domains and a Common Early Chordate Ancestor.
Recurrent bi-allelic splicing variant c.454+3A&gt;G in TRAPPC4 is associated with progressive encephalopathy and muscle involvement.
Gene replacement ameliorates deficits in mouse and human models of cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 disorder.
Reply: Recurrent bi-allelic splicing variant c.454+3A&gt;G in TRAPPC4 is associated with progressive encephalopathy and muscle involvement.
CoRESTed development of regulatory T cells.
PIK3Cdelta expression by fibroblasts promotes triple-negative breast cancer progression.
The omentum of obese girls harbors small adipocytes and browning transcripts.
ESHRD: deconvolution of brain homogenate RNA expression data to identify cell-type-specific alterations in Alzheimer \' s disease.
African horse sickness virus NS4 is a nucleocytoplasmic protein that localizes to PML nuclear bodies.
Whole-genome sequencing reveals complex chromosome rearrangement disrupting NIPBL in infant with Cornelia de Lange syndrome.
Black-box kinetic modeling of growth and citric acid production and estimation of ATP maintenance parameters for Candida oleophila ATCC20177.
Coordinated demethylation of H3K9 and H3K27 is required for rapid inflammatory responses of endothelial cells.
Unraveling the genetic causes in large pedigrees with gout by whole-exome sequencing.
Combined detection of miR-21-5p, miR-30a-3p, miR-30a-5p, miR-155-5p, miR-216a and miR-217 for screening of early heart failure diseases.
Favipiravir and Zanamivir Cleared Infection with Influenza B in a Severely Immunocompromised Child.
Fetal anatomy of parathyroid glands.
Developing a Road Map to Spread Genomic Knowledge in Africa: Meeting Report: 10th Conference of the African Society of Human Genetics, Cairo, Egypt.
Young men \' s behavioral competencies and risk of alcohol use disorder in emerging adulthood: Early protective effects of parental education.
Characterization of a new positive allosteric modulator of AMPA receptors - PAM-43: specific binding of the ligand and its ability to potentiate AMPAR currents.
Clinical application of thiopurine pharmacogenomics in pediatrics.
Longitudinal case study and phenotypic multimodal characterization of McArdle disease-linked retinopathy: insight into pathomechanisms.
Evolution of approaches to identify melanoma missing heritability.
KBG syndrome: Common and uncommon clinical features based on 31 new patients.
Clonal T-cell large granular lymphocyte proliferations in childhood and young adult immune dysregulation conditions.
Habitat patchiness, ecological connectivity and the uneven recovery of boreal stream ecosystems from an experimental drought.
Platelet CD34 expression in a patient with a partial deletion of transcription factor subunit CBFB.
Sperm methylome alterations following yoga-based lifestyle intervention in patients of primary male infertility: A pilot study.
Novel variant p.(Ala102Thr) in SDHB causes mitochondrial complex II deficiency: Case report and review of the literature.
Correction to: Accessing Cryptosporidium Omic and Isolate Data via CryptoDB.org.
Pretreatment Tumor DNA Sequencing of KIT and PDGFRA in Endosonography-Guided Biopsies Optimizes the Preoperative Management of Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors.
Modeling and Viewing T Cell Receptors Using TCRmodel and TCR3d.
OpenVax: An Open-Source Computational Pipeline for Cancer Neoantigen Prediction.
High-Throughput MHC I Ligand Prediction Using MHCflurry.
HLApers: HLA Typing and Quantification of Expression with Personalized Index.
An Individualized Approach for Somatic Variant Discovery.
Low-dose Roundup induces developmental toxicity in bovine preimplantation embryos in vitro.
The Effect of Lactobacillus casei Consumption in Improvement of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: an Animal Study.
Live births following preimplantation genetic testing for dynamic mutation diseases by karyomapping: a report of three cases.
Patients with severe asthenoteratospermia carrying SPAG6 or RSPH3 mutations have a positive pregnancy outcome following intracytoplasmic sperm injection.
Boar sperm quality and oxidative status as affected by rosmarinic acid at 17  C.
Efficient isolation and proliferation of human adipose-derived mesenchymal stromal cells in xeno-free conditions.
The effect of ellagic acid on caspase-3/bcl-2/Nrf-2/NF-kB/TNF-alpha /COX-2 gene expression product apoptosis pathway: a new approach for muscle damage therapy.
Development of polymorphic EST-SSR markers and their applicability in genetic diversity evaluation in Rhododendron arboreum.
The IgG galactosylation ratio is higher in spondyloarthritis patients and associated with the MRI score.
Cyclocreatine Transport by SLC6A8, the Creatine Transporter, in HEK293 Cells, a Human Blood-Brain Barrier Model Cell, and CCDSs Patient-Derived Fibroblasts.
Metabolomics analyses in non-diabetic middle-aged individuals reveal metabolites impacting early glucose disturbances and insulin sensitivity.
Human inborn errors of immunity underlying superficial or invasive candidiasis.
Pineoblastoma is uniquely tolerant of mutually exclusive loss of DICER1, DROSHA or DGCR8.
33rd international mammalian genome conference: meeting highlights.
Effects of 5-HT2C, 5-HT1A receptor challenges and modafinil on the initiation and persistence of gambling behaviours.
Consistent altered internal capsule white matter microstructure in insomnia disorder.
Overgrowth of mice generated from postovulatory-aged oocyte spindles.
Activity of lumacaftor is not conserved in zebrafish Cftr bearing the major cystic fibrosis-causing mutation.
Differential Expression Profile of miR-27b, miR-29a, and miR-155 in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia and Breast Cancer Patients.
Experimental data of phospholipid supplementary in full fishmeal replacement diets on growth indices, whole body nutrient composition, muscle fatty acid composition, haematocrit value and serum lysozyme activity in Malaysian mahseer (Tor tambroides).
PHARMIP: An insilico method to predict genetics that underpin adverse drug reactions.
Development and validation of breeder-friendly gene-based markers for lpa1-1 and lpa2-1 genes conferring low phytic acid in maize kernel.
Adaptive radiosurgery based on two simultaneous dose prescriptions in the management of large renal cell carcinoma brain metastases in critical areas: Towards customization.
BORIS/CTCFL promotes a switch from a proliferative towards an invasive phenotype in melanoma cells.
Structure and development of the complex helmet of treehoppers (Insecta: Hemiptera: Membracidae).
The Effect of Natural Antioxidants on Quality and Shelf Life of Beef and Beef Products.
Doxorubicin inhibits miR-140 expression and upregulates PD-L1 expression in HCT116 cells, opposite to its effects on MDA-MB-231 cells.
Association of the IL-6 -174G &gt; C (rs1800795) Polymorphism with Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis: Evidence from a Case-Control Study and Meta-Analysis.
TooManyCells identifies and visualizes relationships of single-cell clades.
A virtual reality system to analyze neural activity and behavior in adult zebrafish.
Bridge helix arginines play a critical role in Cas9 sensitivity to mismatches.
Author Correction: Genome-wide CRISPR-Cas9 screening reveals ubiquitous T cell cancer targeting via the monomorphic MHC class I-related protein MR1.
Publisher Correction: Targeting of temperate phages drives loss of type I CRISPR-Cas systems.
An ancestral signalling pathway is conserved in intracellular symbioses-forming plant lineages.
Dissimilation of synonymous codon usage bias in virus-host coevolution due to translational selection.
Blood RNA analysis can increase clinical diagnostic rate and resolve variants of uncertain significance.
Neotropical termite microbiomes as sources of novel plant cell wall degrading enzymes.
Androgen Receptor and Poly(ADP-ribose) Glycohydrolase Inhibition Increases Efficiency of Androgen Ablation in Prostate Cancer Cells.
A 13-plex of tetra- and penta-STRs to identify zebrafish.
Introduced non-native mangroves express better growth performance than co-occurring native mangroves.
Sialylated N-glycan profile during acute and chronic infections with Toxoplasma gondii in mice.
Nutrients, minerals, pigments, phytochemicals, and radical scavenging activity in Amaranthus blitum leafy vegetables.
Correction: Rivastigmine modifies the alpha-secretase pathway and potentially early Alzheimer \' s disease.
An allosteric switch regulates Mycobacterium tuberculosis ClpP1P2 protease function as established by cryo-EM and methyl-TROSY NMR.
Caenorhabditis elegans ADAR editing and the ERI-6/7/MOV10 RNAi pathway silence endogenous viral elements and LTR retrotransposons.
Assessing the role of live poultry trade in community-structured transmission of avian influenza in China.
Triacylglycerol and phytyl ester synthesis in Synechocystis sp. PCC6803.
Abrogation of esophageal carcinoma development in miR-31 knockout rats.
Cell-penetrating peptide inhibits retromer-mediated human papillomavirus trafficking during virus entry.
What \' s happening in Neurology  Genetics.
Pulling the Hood off Genetic Susceptibility to Hypertensive Renal Disease.
Movement disorders in patients with alternating hemiplegia: "Soft" and "stiff" at the same time.
Mapping the Chromosomal Insertion Site of the GFP Transgene of UBC-GFP Mice to the MHC Locus.
RIPK3 orchestrates fatty acid metabolism in tumor-associated macrophages and hepatocarcinogenesis.
Planarian cell number depends on Blitzschnell, a novel gene family that balances cell proliferation and cell death.
Cas9-Mediated Gene-Editing in the Malaria Mosquito Anopheles stephensi by ReMOT Control.
TCF21 promotes luminal-like differentiation and suppresses metastasis in bladder cancer.
Structural remodeling of active zones is associated with synaptic homeostasis.
Pits and CtBP Control Tissue Growth in Drosophila melanogaster with the Hippo Pathway Transcription Repressor, Tgi.
Regulation of Nucleolar Dominance in Drosophila melanogaster.
Harmonizing cell-free DNA Collection and Processing Practices through Evidence-based Guidance.
Cancer antigen discovery is enabled by RNA-sequencing of highly purified malignant and non-malignant cells.
Posterior corneal features in patients with Down syndrome and their relation with keratoconus.
In vitro activity of beauvericin against all developmental stages of Sarcoptes scabiei.
Tedizolid as step-down therapy following daptomycin versus continuation of daptomycin against enterococci and Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA/VRSA) in a rat endocarditis model.
Diversity of plasmids in Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae: a comparison of commensal and clinical isolates.
A Synthesis Concerning Conservation and Divergence of Cell Types across Epithelia.
Synthesis, characterization and docking studies of amide ligands as anti-leishmanial agents.
Virtual screening of antitumour phytochemical against peroxisome proliferators activated receptor proteins PPARs.
Association between obesity and risk of knee osteoarthritis.
Insilico modeling and analysis of small molecules binding to the PHLPP1 protein by molecular dynamics simulation.
Pharmacogenetic Implications for Antidepressant Pharmacotherapy in Late-Life Depression: A Systematic Review of the Literature for Response, Pharmacokinetics and Adverse Drug Reactions.
Sarcoidosis and the mTOR, Rac1, and Autophagy Triad.
Clinical and biochemical footprints of inherited metabolic diseases. III. Psychiatric presentations.
Mutation signatures to Pan-Cancer Atlas: Investigation of the genomic landscape of muscle-invasive bladder cancer.
Association of bovine major histocompatibility complex class I (BoLA-A) alleles with immune response to Brucella abortus strain 19 in calves.
Neoantigen prediction from genomic and transcriptomic data.
Preface.
Microtubule organelles in Giardia.
Vascular and valvular calcification biomarkers.
Notification that new names of prokaryotes, new combinations, and new taxonomic opinions have appeared in volume 69, part 11 of the IJSEM.
Intra-articular delivery of extracellular vesicles secreted by chondrogenic progenitor cells from MRL/MpJ superhealer mice enhances articular cartilage repair in a mouse injury model.
Integrative systems and functional analyses reveal a role of dopaminergic signaling in myelin pathogenesis.
The draft nuclear genome sequence and predicted mitochondrial proteome of Andalucia godoyi, a protist with the most gene-rich and bacteria-like mitochondrial genome.
Evolution of metabolic capabilities and molecular features of diplonemids, kinetoplastids, and euglenids.
Maternal omentin-1 level, quality of life and marital satisfaction in relation to mode of delivery: a prospective cohort study.
GenomeQC: a quality assessment tool for genome assemblies and gene structure annotations.
Genetic diversity among cultivated beets (Beta vulgaris) assessed via population-based whole genome sequences.
Sirt2-associated transcriptome modifications in cisplatin-induced neuronal injury.
Emergence Patterns of Rare Arable Plants and Conservation Implications.
Arabidopsis RanBP2-Type Zinc Finger Proteins Related to Chloroplast RNA Editing Factor OZ1.
Characterization of Cistus x incanus L. and Cistus ladanifer L. Extracts as Potential Multifunctional Antioxidant Ingredients for Skin Protecting Cosmetics.
What Results Should Be Returned from Opportunistic Screening in Translational Research?
S-Nitroso-Proteome Revealed in Stomatal Guard Cell Response to Flg22.
Diversity of Clinically Relevant Outcomes Resulting from Hypofractionated Radiation in Human Glioma Stem Cells Mirrors Distinct Patterns of Transcriptomic Changes.
The Histone Marks Signature in Exonic and Intronic Regions Is Relevant in Early Response of Tomato Genes to Botrytis cinerea and in miRNA Regulation.
Transcriptomics and Proteomics Reveal the Cellulose and Pectin Metabolic Processes in the Tension Wood (Non-G-Layer) of Catalpa bungei.
Total Versus Inorganic and Organic Species of As, Cr, and Sb in Flavored and Functional Drinking Waters: Analysis and Risk Assessment.
Theoretical and Experimental Gas Volume Quantification of Micro- and Nanobubble Ultrasound Contrast Agents.
Shared Molecular Genetic Mechanisms Underlie Endometriosis and Migraine Comorbidity.
Combined Effect of Light and Nutrients on the Micromorphology of the White rot Fungus Cerrena Unicolor.
JNK/p66Shc/ITCH Signaling Pathway Mediates Angiotensin II-induced Ferritin Degradation and Labile Iron Pool Increase.
The Binding of Abeta42 Peptide Monomers to Sphingomyelin/Cholesterol/Ganglioside Bilayers Assayed by Density Gradient Ultracentrifugation.
Comparative Analysis of miRNA Expression Profiles Between Heat-Tolerant and Heat-Sensitive Genotypes of Flowering Chinese Cabbage Under Heat Stress Using High-Throughput Sequencing.
Nonsense Mutations in the Yeast SUP35 Gene Affect the [PSI+] Prion Propagation.
The Role of Secretory Activity Molecules of Visceral Adipocytes in Abdominal Obesity in the Development of Cardiovascular Disease: A Review.
Dairy Consumption at Snack Meal Occasions and the Overall Quality of Diet during Childhood. Prospective and Cross-Sectional Analyses from the IDEFICS/I.Family Cohort.
The Metabolization Profile of the CYP2D6 Gene in Amerindian Populations: A Review.
Hear, Hear for Notch: Control of Cell Fates in the Inner Ear by Notch Signaling.
Cognitive Abilities of Dogs with Mucopolysaccharidosis I: Learning and Memory.
Neuronal and Astrocytic Differentiation from Sanfilippo C Syndrome iPSCs for Disease Modeling and Drug Development.
Long Non-Coding RNA H19 Promotes Porcine Satellite Cell Differentiation by Interacting with TDP43.
MmpS5-MmpL5 Transporters Provide Mycobacterium smegmatis Resistance to imidazo[1,2-b][1,2,4,5]tetrazines.
Urine E-cadherin: A Marker for Early Detection of Kidney Injury in Diabetic Patients.
Rapid and Sensitive Multiplex Assay for the Detection of B. anthracis Spores from Environmental Samples.
Foreword Special Issue Cell Cycle and Regulation.
Complete Range of the Universal mtDNA Gene Pool and High Genetic Diversity in the Thai Dog Population.
Characterization of A Homozygous Deletion of Steroid Hormone Biosynthesis Genes in Horse Chromosome 29 as A Risk Factor for Disorders of Sex Development and Reproduction.
Expression Levels of Long Non-Coding RNAs Change in Models of Altered Muscle Activity and Muscle Mass.
Metabolic and Redox Signaling of the Nucleoredoxin-Like-1 Gene for the Treatment of Genetic Retinal Diseases.
Protein Kinase C Isozymes and Autophagy during Neurodegenerative Disease Progression.
[Gallstone disease - interdisciplinary treatment].
The pyrin inflammasome in host-microbe interactions.
Methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase and methionine synthase gene polymorphisms as genetic determinants of pre-eclampsia.
Gaucher disease status and treatment assessment: pilot study using magnetic resonance spectroscopy bone marrow fat fractions in pediatric patients.
Co-occurring WARS2 and CHRNA6 mutations in a child with a severe form of infantile parkinsonism.
Effects of microplastics and mercury on manila clam Ruditapes philippinarum: Feeding rate, immunomodulation, histopathology and oxidative stress.
Ghost spasticity in multiple sclerosis.
Perceived utility of biological testing for autism spectrum disorder is associated with child and family functioning.
Patterns of change in telomere length over the first three years of life in healthy children.
Exercise and Arrhythmic Risk in TMEM43 p.S358L Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Cardiomyopathy.
Predicting the likelihood of need for future keratoplasty intervention using artificial intelligence.
An in vitro hyaluronic acid hydrogel based platform to model dormancy in brain metastatic breast cancer cells.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-coactivator 1-beta (PGC-1beta) modulates the expression of genes involved in adipogenesis during preadipocyte differentiation.
Genetic causes of PD: A pathway to disease modification.
Biolistic transfection and expression analysis of acute cortical slices.
Altered circadian clock as a novel therapeutic target for constant darkness-induced insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism of polycystic ovary syndrome.
Chemogenetics a Robust Approach to Pharmacology and Gene Therapy.
The Long Journey from Diagnosis to Therapy.
Adult osteosclerotic metaphyseal dysplasia with progressive osteonecrosis of the jaws and abnormal bone resorption pattern due to a LRRK1 splice site mutation.
In silico analysis of the tryptophan hydroxylase 2 (TPH2) protein variants related to psychiatric disorders.
Identification and mapping of a new recessive dwarfing gene dw9 on the 6RL rye chromosome and its phenotypic effects.
Abnormal keratinocyte differentiation in the nasal planum of Labrador Retrievers with hereditary nasal parakeratosis (HNPK).
Discontinuous transcription of ribosomal DNA in human cells.
Evolutionary analysis of Mycobacterium bovis genotypes across Africa suggests co-evolution with livestock and humans.
[The study of rate and spectrum of frequency of mutations of gene KRAS in patients with colorectal cancer in the Republic of Kazakhstan].
Impact of mannose-binding lectin 2 gene polymorphisms on disease severity in noncystic fibrosis bronchiectasis in children.
Different culture method changing CD105 expression in amniotic fluid MSCs without affecting differentiation ability or immune function.
The Arabidopsis exocyst subunits EXO70B1 and EXO70B2 regulate FLS2 homeostasis at the plasma membrane.
Evaluation of Combined Artificial Intelligence and Radiologist Assessment to Interpret Screening Mammograms.
Quantitative Transcriptional Biomarkers of Xenobiotic Receptor Activation in Rat Liver for The Early Assessment of Drug Safety Liabilities.
V-SVA: an R Shiny application for detecting and annotating hidden sources of variation in single cell RNA-seq data.
Radiation treatment, ATM, BRCA1/2, and CHEK2*1100delC pathogenic variants, and risk of contralateral breast cancer.
Association of Nonobstructive Chronic Bronchitis With Respiratory Health Outcomes in Adults.
Molecular dynamics simulations reveal distinct differences in conformational dynamics and thermodynamics between the unliganded and CD4-bound states of HIV-1 gp120.
Identification of a new genetic variant associated with cholecystitis: a multicenter genome-wide association study.
Age, absolute CD4 count, and CD4 percentage in relation to HPV infection and the stage of cervical disease in HIV-1-positive women.
Role of autoimmune hemolytic anemia as an initial indicator for chronic myeloid leukemia: A case report.
Divergence of group a rotavirus with genetic variations before and after introduction of rotavirus vaccines in northern Taiwan.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the non-coding region of STIM1 gene are associated with Parkinson disease risk in Chinese Han population.
Comprehensive evaluation of SPATS2 expression and its prognostic potential in liver cancer.
The outcome of human mosaic aneuploid blastocysts after intrauterine transfer: A retrospective study.
Enhanced ER-associated degradation of HMG CoA reductase causes embryonic lethality associated with Ubiad1 deficiency.
A qualitative analysis of the social and cultural contexts that shape screen time use in Latino families living on the U.S.-Mexico border.
Phonophoretic application of a glucosamine and chondroitin nanoemulsion for treatment of knee chondropathies.
IN MEMORIAM.
Novel mutations in MFRP and PRSS56 are associated with posterior microphthalmos.
DNMT3B rs1569686 and rs2424913 gene polymorphisms are associated with positive family history of preterm birth and smoking status.
Norepinephrine-CREB1-miR-373 axis promotes progression of colon cancer.
Fetal Ultrasound and Magnetic Resonance Imaging Findings in Suspected Septo-Optic Dysplasia: A Diagnostic Dilemma.
Breathalyser-Based eHealth Data Suggest That Self-Reporting of Abstinence Is a Poor Outcome Measure for Alcohol Use Disorder Clinical Trials.
A practical framework and online tool for mutational signature analyses show inter-tissue variation and driver dependencies.
The Genetic Puzzle of Familial Atrial Fibrillation.
Protein Subdomain Enrichment of NUP155 Variants Identify a Novel Predicted Pathogenic Hotspot.
Two-Faced: Roles of JNK Signalling During Tumourigenesis in the Drosophila Model.
Coordinating Proliferation, Polarity, and Cell Fate in the Drosophila Female Germline.
Curcumin- and Piperine-Loaded Emulsomes as Combinational Treatment Approach Enhance the Anticancer Activity of Curcumin on HCT116 Colorectal Cancer Model.
A Review of Rare Disease Policies and Orphan Drug Reimbursement Systems in 12 Eurasian Countries.
Multiple Family Members With Delayed Cord Separtion and Combined Immunodeficiency With Novel Mutation in IKBKB.
Pulmonary Macrophage and Dendritic Cell Responses to Cryptococcus neoformans.
Gastrointestinal (GI) Tract Microbiome-Derived Neurotoxins-Potent Neuro-Inflammatory Signals From the GI Tract via the Systemic Circulation Into the Brain.
The Influence of Recombinational Processes to Induce Dormancy in Trypanosoma cruzi.
Tissue-Plasma TMB Comparison and Plasma TMB Monitoring in Patients With Metastatic Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Receiving Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors.
Microbiome and Breast Cancer: New Role for an Ancient Population.
From the Clinic to the Bench and Back Again in One Dog Year: How a Cross-Species Pipeline to Identify New Treatments for Sarcoma Illuminates the Path Forward in Precision Medicine.
Traditional Classification and Novel Subtyping Systems for Bladder Cancer.
Preclinical Models of Malignant Mesothelioma.
7-Methoxy-1-Tetralone Induces Apoptosis, Suppresses Cell Proliferation and Migration in Hepatocellular Carcinoma via Regulating c-Met, p-AKT, NF-kappaB, MMP2, and MMP9 Expression.
The Emerging Role of the c-MET-HGF Axis in Non-small Lung Cancer Tumor Immunology and Immunotherapy.
Clinical Significance of Circulating miR-1273g-3p and miR-122-5p in Pancreatic Cancer.
Concordance of Hormone Receptor Status and BRCA1/2 Mutation Among Women With Synchronous Bilateral Breast Cancer.
CDX2: A Prognostic Marker in Metastatic Colorectal Cancer Defining a Better BRAF Mutated and a Worse KRAS Mutated Subgroup.
Predictors of Three-month Hospital Readmissions and Mortality in Patients with Cirrhosis of Liver.
The complete mitogenome of Arion vulgaris Moquin-Tandon, 1855 (Gastropoda: Stylommatophora): mitochondrial genome architecture, evolution and phylogenetic considerations within Stylommatophora.
High-throughput sequencing analysis identified microRNAs associated with egg production in ducks ovaries.
Identification of key genes associated with multiple sclerosis based on gene expression data from peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
A novel transcript of MEF2D promotes myoblast differentiation and its variations associated with growth traits in chicken.
Mutation in Fbxo11 Leads to Altered Immune Cell Content in Jeff Mouse Model of Otitis Media.
Neonatal Alcohol Exposure in Mice Induces Select Differentiation- and Apoptosis-Related Chromatin Changes Both Independent of and Dependent on Sex.
In Situ Genetic Evaluation of European Larch Across Climatic Regions Using Marker-Based Pedigree Reconstruction.
Recurrent NEDD4L Variant in Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia, Polymicrogyria and Syndactyly.
Sparse Convolutional Neural Networks for Genome-Wide Prediction.
Genetic Variation Related to High Elevation Adaptation Revealed by Common Garden Experiments in Pinus yunnanensis.
Population Structure, and Selection Signatures Underlying High-Altitude Adaptation Inferred From Genome-Wide Copy Number Variations in Chinese Indigenous Cattle.
Current Understanding of Host Genetics of Otitis Media.
The Genetics and Epigenetics of 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome.
Transcriptome Changes of Mycobacterium marinum in the Process of Resuscitation From Hypoxia-Induced Dormancy.
Novel and Known Gene-Smoking Interactions With cIMT Identified as Potential Drivers for Atherosclerosis Risk in West-African Populations of the AWI-Gen Study.
The Genetics of Differential Gene Expression Related to Fruit Traits in Strawberry (Fragaria xananassa).
Sexual Reproduction via a 1-Aminocyclopropane-1-Carboxylic Acid-Dependent Pathway Through Redox Modulation in the Marine Red Alga Pyropia yezoensis (Rhodophyta).
Corrigendum: A Computational Model for Inferring QTL Control Networks Underlying Developmental Covariation.
Suitability of Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism Arrays Versus Genotyping-By-Sequencing for Genebank Genomics in Wheat.
Generation and Molecular Characterization of CRISPR/Cas9-Induced Mutations in 63 Immunity-Associated Genes in Tomato Reveals Specificity and a Range of Gene Modifications.
Linkage Analysis and Multi-Locus Genome-Wide Association Studies Identify QTNs Controlling Soybean Plant Height.
A Phylogenomic Perspective on Evolution and Discordance in the Alpine-Arctic Plant Clade Micranthes (Saxifragaceae).
Genetics and Expression Analysis of Anthocyanin Accumulation in Curd Portion of Sicilian Purple to Facilitate Biofortification of Indian Cauliflower.
Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase Promotes Oxidative Burst, Stomatal Closure and Plant Immunity in Bacterial Invasion.
Thinking Outside the Box: Innate- and B Cell-Memory Responses as Novel Protective Mechanisms Against Tuberculosis.
Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients, Both Newly Diagnosed and Methotrexate Treated, Show More DNA Methylation Differences in CD4+ Memory Than in CD4+ Naive T Cells.
Insights Into Lung Cancer Immune-Based Biology, Prevention, and Treatment.
There Is (Scientific) Strength in Numbers: A Comprehensive Quantitation of Fc Gamma Receptor Numbers on Human and Murine Peripheral Blood Leukocytes.
Citrullination Alters the Antiviral and Immunomodulatory Activities of the Human Cathelicidin LL-37 During Rhinovirus Infection.
Fc Receptor-Like 6 (FCRL6) Discloses Progenitor B Cell Heterogeneity That Correlates With Pre-BCR Dependent and Independent Pathways of Natural Antibody Selection.
Editorial: Understanding Immunobiology Through the Specificity of NF-kappaB.
Uncovering Low-Level Maternal Gonosomal Mosaicism in X-Linked Agammaglobulinemia: Implications for Genetic Counseling.
Dissection of the Human T-Cell Receptor gamma Gene Repertoire in the Brain and Peripheral Blood Identifies Age- and Alzheimer \' s Disease-Associated Clonotype Profiles.
KSHV: Immune Modulation and Immunotherapy.
Genomic Stability of Composite SCCmec ACME and COMER-Like Genetic Elements in Staphylococcus epidermidis Correlates With Rate of Excision.
One Step Ahead: Herpesviruses Light the Way to Understanding Interferon-Stimulated Genes (ISGs).
Characterization, Expression Profiling, and Functional Analysis of PtDef, a Defensin-Encoding Gene From Populus trichocarpa.
Genetic Diversity and Azole Fungicide Sensitivity in Pseudocercospora musae Field Populations in Brazil.
Phosphoglycerate Kinase Is Involved in Carbohydrate Utilization, Extracellular Polysaccharide Biosynthesis, and Cell Motility of Xanthomonas axonopodis pv. glycines Independent of Clp.
Heavy Metal Toxicity in Armed Conflicts Potentiates AMR in A. baumannii by Selecting for Antibiotic and Heavy Metal Co-resistance Mechanisms.
Fifteen-Year Application of Manure and Chemical Fertilizers Differently Impacts Soil ARGs and Microbial Community Structure.
Corrigendum: Variant Signal Peptides of Vaccine Antigen, FHbp, Impair Processing Affecting Surface Localization and Antibody-Mediated Killing in Most Meningococcal Isolates.
Chronic Sublethal Aluminum Exposure and Avena fatua Caryopsis Colonization Influence Gene Expression of Fusarium avenaceum F.a.1.
Proteomic Investigation Uncovers Potential Targets and Target Sites of Pneumococcal Serine-Threonine Kinase StkP and Phosphatase PhpP.
Editorial: Testicular Cancer: New Insights on the Origin, Genetics, Treatment, Fertility, General Health, Quality of Life and Sexual Function.
Overexpression of Galectin 3 in Pancreatic beta Cells Amplifies beta-Cell Apoptosis and Islet Inflammation in Type-2 Diabetes in Mice.
Both JNK1 and JNK2 Are Indispensable for Sensitized Extracellular Matrix Mineralization in IKKbeta-Deficient Osteoblasts.
High Fidelity of Mouse Models Mimicking Human Genetic Skeletal Disorders.
Management of Osteogenesis Imperfecta.
Endocannabinoid Modulation of Microglial Phenotypes in Neuropathology.
Myotonic Myopathy With Secondary Joint and Skeletal Anomalies From the c.2386C&gt;G, p.L769V Mutation in SCN4A.
CLCN1 Molecular Characterization in 19 South-Italian Patients With Dominant and Recessive Type of Myotonia Congenita.
Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia and Intellectual Disability: Clinicogenetic Lessons From a Family Suggesting a Dual Genetics Diagnosis.
Corrigendum: Gene-Related Cerebellar Neurodegeneration in SCA3/MJD: A Case-Controlled Imaging-Genetic Study.
ANO3 Mutations in Chinese Dystonia: A Genetic Screening Study Using Next-Generation Sequencing.
Genetic Burden for Late-Life Neurodegenerative Disease and Its Association With Early-Life Lipids, Brain, Behavior, and Cognition.
Transgenic Analyses of Homer2 Function Within Nucleus Accumbens Subregions in the Regulation of Methamphetamine Reward and Reinforcement in Mice.
Lignans: Quantitative Analysis of the Research Literature.
Ethnopharmacological Applications Targeting Alcohol Abuse: Overview and Outlook.
Early Effects of Abeta Oligomers on Dendritic Spine Dynamics and Arborization in Hippocampal Neurons.
Modeling the Effect of Temperature on Membrane Response of Light Stimulation in Optogenetically-Targeted Neurons.
Alpha Band Resting-State EEG Connectivity Is Associated With Non-verbal Intelligence.
Expanding Clinical Presentations Due to Variations in THOC2 mRNA Nuclear Export Factor.
Editorial: Shankopathies: Shank Protein Deficiency-Induced Synaptic Diseases.
A Connected Network of Interacting Proteins Is Involved in Human-Tau Toxicity in Drosophila.
Axonal Endoplasmic Reticulum Dynamics and Its Roles in Neurodegeneration.
The Overlapping Genetics of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and Frontotemporal Dementia.
Complement System in Brain Architecture and Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
A Pan-Cancer and Polygenic Bayesian Hierarchical Model for the Effect of Somatic Mutations on Survival.
Identification and quantitation of genetically modified (GM) ingredients in maize, rice, soybean and wheat-containing retail foods and feeds in Turkey.
Agrobacterium-Mediated Immature Embryo Transformation of Recalcitrant Maize Inbred Lines Using Morphogenic Genes.
Quantification of Ethanol Levels in Zebrafish Embryos Using Head Space Gas Chromatography.
Apolipoprotein E4 Allele and Dental Occlusion Deficiency as Risk Factors for Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Impact of Vitamin D Binding Protein Levels on Alzheimer \' s Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Effect of APOE Genotype on Plasma Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA), Eicosapentaenoic Acid, Arachidonic Acid, and Hippocampal Volume in the Alzheimer \' s Disease Cooperative Study-Sponsored DHA Clinical Trial.
Assessment of anti-cancer effects of koenimbine on colon cancer cells.
High fructose diet-induced obesity worsens post-ischemic brain injury in the hippocampus of female rats.
The zinc finger domains in U2AF26 and U2AF35 have diverse functionalities including a role in controlling translation.
TRAPPing a neurological disorder: from yeast to humans.
Effect of Class Switch Recombination Defect on the Phenotype of Ataxia-Telangiectasia Patients.
Perturbed mitochondrial dynamics, an emerging aspect of epithelial-microbe interactions.
Ribotypes in isolates and testing algorithm of C. difficile infections in the studied sample.
Salinity tolerance in barley during germination- homologs and potential genes.
Mandatory newborn screening in the United States: History, current status, and existential challenges.
The de-coders: A historical perspective of the genetic counseling profession.
Cytogenetic and molecular diagnostic testing associated with prenatal and postnatal birth defects.
Genetic counseling of high-risk isolated populations: A worldwide challenge.
Adaptive RSK-EphA2-GPRC5A signaling switch triggers chemotherapy resistance in ovarian cancer.
Genetic predisposition in acute leukaemia.
Laboratory testing in hemophilia: impact of factor and non-factor replacement therapy on coagulation assays.
Reply.
Production of novel beneficial alleles of a rice yield-related QTL by CRISPR/Cas9.
Transcriptome-wide association study of breast cancer risk by estrogen-receptor status.
FAM20C phosphorylation of the RGDSVVYGLR motif in osteopontin inhibits interaction with the alphavbeta3 integrin.
Mapping the TYR gene reveals novel and previously reported variants in Eastern Indian patients highlighting preponderance of the same changes in multiple unrelated ethnicities.
Response to letter to editor: "Knowing when and how to use epilepsy screening questionnaires".
In silico analysis of a novel causative mutation in Cadherin23 gene identified in an Omani family with hearing loss.
Differential frequency of CYP2R1 variants across populations reveals pathway selection for vitamin D homeostasis.
Whole-genome analyses identify loci and selective signals associated with body size in cattle.
XCL1 expression correlates with CD8-positive T cells infiltration and PD-L1 expression in squamous cell carcinoma arising from mature cystic teratoma of the ovary.
Prevention of postprandial hypotension-related syncope by caffeine in a patient with long-standing diabetes mellitus.
Detection of low-grade mosaicism and its correlation with hormonal profile, testicular volume, and semen quality in a cohort of Egyptian Klinefelter and Klinefelter-like patients.
Clinical approaches to interpreting the findings of systematic review and meta-analysis of the effectiveness of probiotics in the prevention and treatment of Cancer Therapy-Induced Oral Mucositis (CTIOM).
A rare case of adult onset LPIN1 associated rhabdomyolysis.
Setting a research agenda for vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome using a patient and stakeholder engagement model.
Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia, two new cases with peculiar EEG pattern.
Congenital hepatic hemangiomas: Clinical, histologic, and genetic correlation.
Tooth Resorption in Spanish Domestic Cats: Preliminary Data.
Research Note: Correlation analysis of interleukin-6, interleukin-8, and C-C motif chemokine ligand 2 gene expression in chicken spleen and cecal tissues after Eimeria tenella infection in vivo.
The association between toddlerhood empathy deficits and antisocial personality disorder symptoms and psychopathy in adulthood.
Genome-wide association study for buffalo mammary gland morphology.
Epigenome-wide meta-analysis of blood DNA methylation in newborns and children identifies numerous loci related to gestational age.
The unknown known: non-cardiogenic pulmonary edema in amlodipine poisoning, a cohort study.
Prevalence of Hypokalemia and Primary Aldosteronism in 5100 Patients Referred to a Tertiary Hypertension Unit.
Risk factors for surgery due to rotator cuff disease in a population-based cohort.
Anxiety Genetics Goes Genomic.
Translating Across Circuits and Genetics Toward Progress in Fear- and Anxiety-Related Disorders.
Increasing the Clinical Psychiatric Knowledge Base About Pathogenic Copy Number Variation.
Population structure and adaptation of a bacterial pathogen in California grapevines.
Increased autophagy/mitophagy levels in primary tumours of patients with pancreatic neuroendocrine neoplasms.
Rare genetic variants in interleukin-37 link this anti-inflammatory cytokine to the pathogenesis and treatment of gout.
TriMix and tumor antigen mRNA electroporated dendritic cell vaccination plus ipilimumab: link between T-cell activation and clinical responses in advanced melanoma.
Deregulation of cell growth and apoptosis in UV-induced melanomagenesis.
Influence of KCNJ11 gene polymorphism in T2DM of south Indian population.
New insights on stem cells modeling and treatment of human diseases.
Sexually dimorphic dynamics of thyroid axis activity during fasting in rats.
Epigenetic alterations in cancer.
TaHsfA2-1, a new gene for thermotolerance in wheat seedlings: Characterization and functional roles.
ZHX2 restricts hepatocellular carcinoma by suppressing stem cell-like traits through KDM2A-mediated H3K36 demethylation.
Rapid, Inexpensive Measurement of Synthetic Bacterial Community Composition by Sanger Sequencing of Amplicon Mixtures.
Tet1 Deficiency Leads to Premature Reproductive Aging by Reducing Spermatogonia Stem Cells and Germ Cell Differentiation.
The effect of aquatic physical therapy on patients with multiple sclerosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Multimorbidity and short-term overall mortality among colorectal cancer patients in Spain: A population-based cohort study.
Zinc homeostasis in the secretory pathway in yeast.
DNA methylation of the TERT promoter and its impact on human cancer.
Curcumin mediates attenuation of pro-inflammatory interferon gamma and interleukin 17 cytokine responses in psoriatic disease, strengthening its role as a dietary immunosuppressant.
Study on the expression and function of smad family member 7 in oral submucous fibrosis and oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Bacterial diversity and functional profile of microbial populations on surfaces in public hospital environments in South Africa: A high throughput metagenomic analysis.
A clinically important, plasmid-borne antibiotic resistance gene (beta-lactamase TEM-116) present in desert soils.
Human papillomavirus prevalence and risk factors among HIV-negative and HIV-positive women residing in rural Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Consumption of latex from Euphorbia tirucalli L. promotes a reduction of tumor growth and cachexia, and immunomodulation in Walker 256 tumor-bearing rats.
Gli3 is a key factor in the Schwann cells from both intact and injured peripheral nerves.
A new rapid bedside test to diagnose and monitor intra-amniotic inflammation in preterm PROM using transcervically collected fluid.
Learning the changes of barnase mutants thermostability from structural fluctuations obtained using anisotropic network modeling.
SURVEILLANCE OF SALMONELLA SPECIES IN THE ENVIRONMENT OF PUBLIC HOSPITALS IN KWAZULU-NATAL, SOUTH AFRICA.
Circulating microRNAs as biomarkers in cancer diagnosis.
Small-molecule drug repurposing to target DNA damage repair and response pathways.
TOPORS, a tumor suppressor protein, contributes to the maintenance of higher-order chromatin architecture.
Nuclear accumulation of MKL1 in luminal breast cancer cells impairs genomic activity of ERalpha and is associated with endocrine resistance.
Noncoding RNAs in control of gene expression.
Independent validation of early-stage NSCLC prognostic scores incorporating epigenetic and transcriptional biomarkers with gene-gene interactions and main effects.
Fecal MicroRNA-Based Algorithm Increases Effectiveness of Fecal Immunochemical Test-based Screening for Colorectal Cancer.
Dental and maxillofacial features of Noonan Syndrome: Case series of ten patients.
Can an anti-Xa assay for unfractionated heparin be used to assess the presence of rivaroxaban in critical situations?
Ligand-based design of GLUT inhibitors as potential antitumor agents.
Formation and contraction of multicellular actomyosin cables facilitate lens placode invagination.
Novel inflammatory targets for immunotherapies in pediatric patients with trichotillomania.
Sire selection and genetic improvement of dairy cattle assuming pure market competition.
The epidemiology and pathogenesis of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak.
Thr420 and Ser454 of ZmCCaMK play a crucial role in brassinosteroid-induced antioxidant defense in maize.
SPTB related spherocytosis in a three-generation family presenting with kidney failure in adulthood due to co-occurrence of UMOD disease causing variant.
Camptodactlyly in Pediatric Practice: Blau Syndrome.
Apolipoprotein A-I concentrations and risk of coronary artery disease: A Mendelian randomization study.
Plasmonic and chiroplasmonic nanobiosensors based on gold nanoparticles.
Successful pregnancy after prenatal diagnosis by NGS for a carrier of complex chromosome rearrangements.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis and myeloid-derived suppressor cells: Insights into caveolin rich lipid rafts.
Isolation of Trichoderma in the rhizosphere soil of Syringa oblata from Harbin and their biocontrol and growth promotion function.
Preimplantation genetic testing in assisted reproduction technology.
Effects of exposing shrimp larvae (Pandalus borealis) to aquaculture pesticides at field relevant concentrations, with and without food limitation.
Metarhizium anisopliae CQMa128 regulates antioxidant/detoxification enzymes and exerts acaricidal activity against Psoroptes ovis var. cuniculi in rabbits: A preliminary study.
The evolutionary puzzle of Escherichia coli ST131.
Transcriptome analysis of rice (Oryza sativa L.) in response to ammonium resupply reveals the involvement of phytohormone signaling and the transcription factor OsJAZ9 in reprogramming of nitrogen uptake and metabolism.
Substitution of murine type I collagen A1 3-hydroxylation site alters matrix structure but does not recapitulate osteogenesis imperfecta bone dysplasia.
COVID-19: Zoonotic aspects.
Organochlorine pesticides: Agrochemicals with potent endocrine-disrupting properties in fish.
Non-coding RNA profile in lung cancer.
Expression of non-coding RNAs in hematological malignancies.
Novel TSPEAR Mutations in Nonsyndromic Oligodontia.
Int22h1/Int22h2-mediated Xq28 duplication syndrome: de novo duplications, prenatal diagnoses, and additional phenotypic features.
Transgene-mediated skeletal phenotypic variation in zebrafish.
A Mutation Update for the FLNC gene in Myopathies and Cardiomyopathies.
Pathogenic PTPN11 variants involving the poly-glutamine Gln255 -Gln256 -Gln257 stretch highlight the relevance of helix B in SHP2 \' s functional regulation.
Endometriosis Classification and The Role of Tumor Necrosis Factor-Alpha Polymorphisms as A Therapeutic Target.
Congenital limb reduction defects in 1.6 million births in Argentina.
Associations between ADHD and emotional problems from childhood to young adulthood: a longitudinal genetically sensitive study.
The functionally conserved effector Sta1 is a fungal cell wall protein required for virulence in Ustilago maydis.
Post-zygotic diploidization of triploidy in human is possible? - a case of triploid partial molar pregnancy resulting in a premature live-born diploid female infant.
Molecular biomarkers in the diagnostic of patients with colorectal cancer.
Genes regulating the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis and its impact on pubertal onset in mammals.
Parietal memory network and default mode network in first-episode drug-naive schizophrenia: Associations with auditory hallucination.
Dose-dependent Increases in Ellagitannin Metabolites as Biomarkers of Intake in Humans Consuming Standardized Black Raspberry Food Products Designed for Clinical Trials.
Realized heritability, inheritance and cross-resistance patterns in imidacloprid-resistant strain of Dysdercus koenigii (Fabricius) (Hemiptera: Pyrrhocoridae).
Immunologic effects of forest fire exposure show increases in IL-1beta and CRP.
Rice yield formation under high day and night temperatures - a prerequisite to ensure future food security.
Activation of a novel estrogen receptor GPR30 enhances cholesterol cholelithogenesis in female mice.
Freeze-dried Immobilized Kefir Culture in Cider-Making.
Identification of introduced and stably inherited DNA methylation variants in soybean associated with soybean cyst nematode parasitism.
A GLI3 variant leading to polydactyly in heterozygotes and Pallister-Hall-like syndrome in a homozygote.
A Study on Knowledge and Awareness of Cervical Cancer Among Females of Rural and Urban Areas of Haryana, North India.
Consensus statement of the Hellenic and Cypriot Gastric Cancer Study Group on the diagnosis, staging and management of gastric cancer.
Unraveling Molecular Mechanisms of THAP1 Missense Mutations in DYT6 Dystonia.
Applying Rogers \'  framework to evaluate public awareness and knowledge of medical genetics in a developing country.
Neurocognition after prenatal levetiracetam, lamotrigine, carbamazepine or valproate exposure.
Leveraging Human Genetics to Identify Safety Signals Prior to Drug Marketing Approval and Clinical Use.
Update on Pheochromocytoma and Paraganglioma from the SSO Endocrine/Head and Neck Disease-Site Work Group. Part 1 of 2: Advances in Pathogenesis and Diagnosis of Pheochromocytoma and Paraganglioma.
Characterization of 100 extended major histocompatibility complex haplotypes in Indonesian cynomolgus macaques.
Long noncoding RNA HCP5 participates in premature ovarian insufficiency by transcriptionally regulating MSH5 and DNA damage repair via YB1.
GADMA: Genetic algorithm for inferring demographic history of multiple populations from allele frequency spectrum data.
A mixed-model approach for powerful testing of genetic associations with cancer risk incorporating tumor characteristics.
The multiplex model of the genetics of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Microglia and macrophages promote corralling, wound compaction and recovery after spinal cord injury via Plexin-B2.
Tumour metabolism and its unique properties in prostate adenocarcinoma.
Hypoxia and the hypoxia inducible factor 1alpha activate protein kinase A by repressing RII beta subunit transcription.
New insight into the molecular mechanism of colour differentiation among floral segments in orchids.
Variations in radioactive cesium accumulation in wheat germplasm from fields affected by the 2011 Fukushima nuclear power plant accident.
The genetics of situs inversus without primary ciliary dyskinesia.
A CRISPR-Cas9-based reporter system for single-cell detection of extracellular vesicle-mediated functional transfer of RNA.
Antisense lncRNA LDLRAD4-AS1 promotes metastasis by decreasing the expression of LDLRAD4 and predicts a poor prognosis in colorectal cancer.
MCL1 binding to the reverse BH3 motif of P18INK4C couples cell survival to cell proliferation.
Association of SNPs in CDKN2A (P14ARF) Tumour Suppressor Gene With Endometrial Cancer in Postmenopausal Women.
Quantitative Comparative Proteomics Reveals Candidate Biomarkers for the Early Prediction of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Preliminary Study.
Unparalleled Rapid Evolution of KIR Genes in Rhesus and Cynomolgus Macaque Populations.
Big data in IBD: big progress for clinical practice.
Deposition of Centromeric Histone H3 Variant CENP-A/Cse4 Into Chromatin Is Facilitated by Its C-terminal Sumoylation.
Chromosome-Level Assembly of the Caenorhabditis remanei Genome Reveals Conserved Patterns of Nematode Genome Organization.
PAX1 is essential for development and function of the human thymus.
Metagenomics-guided discovery of potential bacterial metallothionein genes conferring Cu/Cd resistance from soil microbiome.
Pediatric cholesterol screening practices in 9- to 11-year-olds in a large midwestern primary care setting.
Prevalence of Aromatic l-Amino Acid Decarboxylase Deficiency in At-Risk Populations.
Prognostic Factors Associating With Pro-oxidant-antioxidant Balance; Neutrophils to Lymphocytes Ratio, Vitamin D, Heat Shock Protein 27, and Red Cell Distribution Width.
Synergistic Apoptotic Effects of Bortezomib and Methylstat on Multiple Myeloma Cells.
The effect of antioxidants on male factor infertility: the Males, Antioxidants, and Infertility (MOXI) randomized clinical trial.
MicroRNA expression profiles in the esophagus of children with caustic stenosis: A pathway towards esophageal cancer?
TRAIL receptors are differentially regulated and clinically significant in gallbladder cancer.
Social Determinants of Cardiovascular Health: Early Life Adversity as a Contributor to Disparities in Cardiovascular Diseases.
Effects of prenatal stress and genetics on embryonic survival and offspring growth of laying hens.
Research Note: Effects of riboflavin on reproductive performance and antioxidant status of duck breeders.
Enterotype identification and its influence on regulating the duodenum metabolism in chickens.
Differential proteomic analysis to identify proteins associated with beak deformity in chickens.
Estimating the quantity of transferred DNA in primary and secondary transfers.
A reference profile-free deconvolution method to infer cancer cell-intrinsic subtypes and tumor-type-specific stromal profiles.
Comprehensive characterization of cell-free tumor DNA in plasma and urine of patients with renal tumors.
Probe-based multiplex qPCR identifies blood-meal hosts in Anopheles mosquitoes from Papua New Guinea.
Machine learning analysis of exome trios to contrast the genomic architecture of autism and schizophrenia.
DNA methylation-based measures of accelerated biological ageing and the risk of dementia in the oldest-old: a study of the Lothian Birth Cohort 1921.
Correction to: Low-cost HPV testing and the prevalence of cervical infection in asymptomatic populations in Guatemala.
Detection of CNV in the SH3RF2 gene and its effects on growth and carcass traits in chickens.
Systematic optimization of square-wave electroporation conditions for bovine primary fibroblasts.
The Drosophila RNA Helicase Belle (DDX3) Non-Autonomously Suppresses Germline Tumorigenesis Via Regulation of a Specific mRNA Set.
Acid Ceramidase Depletion Impairs Neuronal Survival and Induces Morphological Defects in Neurites Associated with Altered Gene Transcription and Sphingolipid Content.
Inherited Eye Diseases with Retinal Manifestations through the Eyes of Homeobox Genes.
Mutation-Dependent Pathomechanisms Determine the Phenotype in the Bestrophinopathies.
The Role of MYC and PP2A in the Initiation and Progression of Myeloid Leukemias.
Supplementation with a Mango Leaf Extract (Zynamite ) in Combination with Quercetin Attenuates Muscle Damage and Pain and Accelerates Recovery after Strenuous Damaging Exercise.
MDM2, MDM4 and EGFR Amplifications and Hyperprogression in Metastatic Acral and Mucosal Melanoma.
Parameters of Oxidative Stress in Reproductive and Postmenopausal Mexican Women.
A New Risk Variant for Multiple Sclerosis at 11q23.3 Locus Is Associated with Expansion of CXCR5+ Circulating Regulatory T Cells.
Diagnosis of pili trianguli et canaliculi by frozen section: A rapid and inexpensive method of diagnosis.
Myocardial infarction, prothrombotic genotypes, and venous thrombosis risk: The Tromso Study.
Baboon induced pluripotent stem cell generation by piggyBac transposition of reprogramming factors.
Active anti-predator behaviour of red titi monkeys (Plecturocebus cupreus).
Is Colobus guereza gallarum a valid endemic Ethiopian taxon?
Cutaneous nodules and a novel GNAS mutation in a Chinese boy with pseudohypoparathyroidism type Ia: A case report and review of literature.
Thyroid Carcinoma: Do We Need to Treat Men and Women Differently?
Development and characterization of novel SSR markers in the endangered endemic species Ferula sadleriana.
Development and characterization of 20 novel EST-SSR markers for Pteroceltis tatarinowii, a relict tree in China.
Tight DNA-protein complexes isolated from barley seedlings are rich in potential guanine quadruplex sequences.
Genetic structure is stronger across human-impacted habitats than among islands in the coral Porites lobata.
The R2R3-MYB transcription factor family in Taxus chinensis: identification, characterization, expression profiling and posttranscriptional regulation analysis.
Risk factors for breast cancer brain metastases: a systematic review.
Integrated Mobile Element Scanning (ME-Scan) method for identifying multiple types of polymorphic mobile element insertions.
Comprehensive Molecular Analysis of Serologically D-Negative and Weak/Partial D Phenotype in Thai Blood Donors.
Guidelines and Considerations for Metabolic Tolerance Tests in Mice.
Management of Ewing Sarcoma Family of Tumors: A Short Description of a Rare Primitive Uterine pPNET and Literature Review.
Variants in the Upstream Region of the Insulin Receptor Substrate-1 Gene Is Associated with Major Depressive Disorder in the Han Chinese Population.
Do Preferred Risk Formats Lead to Better Understanding? A Multicenter Controlled Trial on Communicating Familial Breast Cancer Risks Using Different Risk Formats.
Reovirus uses macropinocytosis-mediated entry and fast axonal transport to infect neurons.
Novel sources of variation in grain Zinc (Zn) concentration in bread wheat germplasm derived from Watkins landraces.
Niche-processes induced differences in plant growth, carbon balance, stress resistance, and regeneration affect community assembly over succession.
Structural brain networks in remitted psychotic depression.
Conceptualising social and communication vulnerabilities among detainees in the criminal justice system.
Impacts of foliar exposure to multi-walled carbon nanotubes on physiological and molecular traits of Salvia verticillata L., as a medicinal plant.
Prone, lateral, or supine positioning at seizure onset determines the postictal body position: A multicenter video-EEG monitoring cohort study.
Albumin is the major carrier protein for PFOS, PFOA, PFHxS, PFNA and PFDA in human plasma.
Genotyping and Copy Number Analysis of Immunoglobin Heavy Chain Variable Genes Using Long Reads.
Gene discovery for high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level change over time in prospective family studies.
Responses of GABA shunt coupled with carbon and nitrogen metabolism in poplar under NaCl and CdCl2 stresses.
Deep mitochondrial DNA phylogeographic divergence in the threatened aoudad Ammotragus lervia (Bovidae, Caprini).
Implication of Genetic Variants in Overweight and Obesity susceptibility among the Young Arab Population of the United Arab Emirates.
Decreased IL-1beta-induced CCL20 response in human iPSC-astrocytes in schizophrenia: Potential attenuating effects on recruitment of regulatory T cells.
Expanding the phenotype of thrombocytopenia absent radius syndrome with hypospadias.
Reducing the antigen-independent toxicity of antibody-drug conjugates by minimizing their non-specific clearance through PEGylation.
Impact of sampling and DNA extraction methods on skin microbiota assessment.
Discovery of ATR kinase inhibitor berzosertib (VX-970, M6620): Clinical candidate for cancer therapy.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis in Humans Links Nucleotide Metabolism to Leukocyte Telomere Length.
De Novo Variants in SPOP Cause Two Clinically Distinct Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
Opposite Modulation of RAC1 by Mutations in TRIO Is Associated with Distinct, Domain-Specific Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
Evaluation of DNA Methylation Episignatures for Diagnosis and Phenotype Correlations in 42 Mendelian Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
Comprehensive Genome-wide Perturbations via CRISPR Adaptation Reveal Complex Genetics of Antibiotic Sensitivity.
Precise and Programmable Detection of Mutations Using Ultraspecific Riboregulators.
TRAIL Receptors Serve as Stress-Associated Molecular Patterns to Promote ER-Stress-Induced Inflammation.
Restraining Lysosomal Activity Preserves Hematopoietic Stem Cell Quiescence and Potency.
CDK4/6 Inhibitors Impair Recovery from Cytotoxic Chemotherapy in Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma.
Proteome Instability Is a Therapeutic Vulnerability in Mismatch Repair-Deficient Cancer.
Sex-Based Diverse Plaque Microbiota in Children with Severe Caries.
Role of some natural anti-oxidants in the down regulation of Kim, VCAM1, Cystatin C protein expression in lead acetate-induced acute kidney injury.
Genetic diversity and thermal performance in invasive and native populations of African fig flies.
Polygenic Architecture of Human Neuroanatomical Diversity.
Economic and feasibility comparison of the dRIT and DFA for decentralized rabies diagnosis in resource-limited settings: The use of Nigerian dog meat markets as a case study.
Postprandial transfer of colostral extracellular vesicles and their protein and miRNA cargo in neonatal calves.
Semantic concept schema of the linear mixed model of experimental observations.
A multi-omics dataset of heat-shock response in the yeast RNA binding protein Mip6.
Author Correction: A phenotypic and genomics approach in a multi-ethnic cohort to subtype systemic lupus erythematosus.
A toxin-antidote CRISPR gene drive system for regional population modification.
Improvement of Diabetes Symptoms and Complications by an Aqueous Extract of Linum usitatissimum (L.) Seeds in Alloxan-Induced Diabetic Mice.
Selective enrichment of A-to-I edited transcripts from cellular RNA using Endonuclease V.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Word Reading: Overlap with Risk Genes for Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
A behavioral genetic investigation of conceptualizations of resilience in a female twin sample.
Decreased Hepatocyte Autophagy Leads to Synergistic IL-1beta and TNF Mouse Liver Injury and Inflammation.
Function of NHX-type transporters in improving rice tolerance to aluminum stress and soil acidity.
Weak Correlation between Nucleotide Variation and Recombination Rate across the House Mouse Genome.
Inhibition of Nipah Virus by Defective Interfering Particles.
Heterobimetallic Ru(ii)/Fe(ii) complexes as potent anticancer agents against breast cancer cells, inducing apoptosis through multiple targets.
Dopamine-Related Genes Moderate the Association Between Family Environment and Executive Function Following Pediatric Traumatic Brain Injury: An Exploratory Study.
Dynamic Expression of Interleukin-33 and ST2 in the Mouse Reproductive Tract Is Influenced by Superovulation.
Long-term Culture of EBV-induced Human Lymphoblastoid Cell Lines Reveals Chromosomal Instability.
The placenta-brain-axis.
Genetics of ADHD: What Should the Clinician Know?
Mutational load and the functional fraction of the human genome.
Requirement of the acyl-CoA carrier ACBD6 in myristoylation of proteins: Activation by ligand binding and protein interaction.
Co-existence of leiomyomas, adenomyosis and endometriosis in women with endometrial cancer.
Psychological stress, cognitive decline and the development of dementia in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Mosaic chromosome Y loss is associated with alterations in blood cell counts in UK Biobank men.
A comprehensive analysis of coding and non-coding transcriptomic changes in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.
Genomic divergence reveals unique populations among Indian Yaks.
Giant salamanders: Farmed yet endangered.
FOS-ANKH and FOS-RUNX2 Fusion Genes in Osteoblastoma.
Clonal Relationship Between Lichen Sclerosus, Differentiated Vulvar Intra-epithelial Neoplasia and Non HPV-related Vulvar Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Tetraspanin-6 negatively regulates exosome production.
Lipid trait variants and the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma subtypes: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Molecular and genetic regulation of pig pancreatic islet cell development.
A coherent feed forward loop drives vascular regeneration in damaged aerial organs growing in normal developmental-context.
c-Src controls stability of sprouting blood vessels in the developing retina independently of cell-cell adhesion through focal adhesion assembly.
HLA-DRB1 haplotype associates with selection of lipid transfer protein variants as targets of food allergy.
Genetic basis of relapsing polychondritis revealed by family-based whole-exome sequencing.
Metabolic effects of bezafibrate in mitochondrial disease.
Cripto shapes macrophage plasticity and restricts EndMT in injured and diseased skeletal muscle.
Environmental factors in the pathogenesis of primary Sjogren \' s syndrome.
Potential tick vectors for Theileria equi in Israel.
The Evolution of Gene-Guided Management of Inherited Arrhythmia Syndromes: Peering Beyond Monogenic Paradigms Towards Comprehensive Genomic Risk Scores.
Associations between latent trait negative affect and patterns of food-intake among girls with loss-of-control eating.
A trans-ethnic two-stage polygenetic scoring analysis detects genetic correlation between osteoporosis and schizophrenia.
Characterization of urinary concentrations of heavy metals among socioeconomically disadvantaged black pregnant women.
Dissociation of somatostatin and parvalbumin interneurons circuit dysfunctions underlying hippocampal theta and gamma oscillations impaired by amyloid beta oligomers in vivo.
Dilated cardiomyopathies and non-compaction cardiomyopathy.
Ovarian and breast cancer risks associated with pathogenic variants in RAD51C and RAD51D.
HDAC3 functions as a positive regulator in Notch signal transduction.
Proteolysis and cartilage development are activated in the synovium after surgical induction of post traumatic osteoarthritis.
Multisystem burden of neurofibromatosis 1 in Denmark: registry- and population-based rates of hospitalizations over the life span.
Endothelin-1 Mediated Decrease in Mitochondrial Gene Expression and Bioenergetics Contribute to Neurodegeneration of Retinal Ganglion Cells.
Sodium-hydrogen exchanger 6 (NHE6) deficiency leads to hearing loss, via reduced endosomal signalling through the BDNF/Trk pathway.
Identification of a molecular marker associated with lignotuber in Eucalyptus ssp.
Cerebellum-enriched protein INPP5A contributes to selective neuropathology in mouse model of spinocerebellar ataxias type 17.
NCOA4-mediated ferritinophagy in macrophages is crucial to sustain erythropoiesis in mice.
Chronic lymphocytic leukemias with trisomy 12 show a distinct DNA methylation profile linked to altered chromatin activation.
Clinical Reasoning: A 42-year-old woman with progressive cognitive difficulties and gait imbalance.
Direct interaction between CEP85 and STIL mediates PLk4-driven directed cell migration.
STIM1 interacts with termini of Orai channels in a sequential manner.
Identification of a new beta-thalassaemia variant Term CD+32(HBB: c.32A&gt;C) in two Chinese families.
Gene-Diet Interactions: Dietary Rescue of Metabolic Defects in spen-depleted Drosophila melanogaster.
Evolution Rapidly Optimizes Stability and Aggregation in Lattice Proteins Despite Pervasive Landscape Valleys and Mazes.
Intermittent chylomicronemia caused by intermittent GPIHBP1 autoantibodies.
Investigation of Pupillary Changes After Carotid Endarterectomy and Carotid Stent Placement Using Automated Pupillometry.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging Abnormalities in the Uncinate Fasciculus and Inferior Longitudinal Fasciculus in Phelan-McDermid Syndrome.
Polymorphisms and rare variants identified by next-generation sequencing confer risk for lung cancer in han Chinese population.
Two cases of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease caused by biallelic ABHD5 mutations.
MICA and KLRK1 genes and their impact in cervical intraepithelial neoplasia development in the southern Brazilian population.
Characterization of exosomes in peritoneal fluid of endometriosis patients.
Frozen-thawed embryo transfer: the potential importance of the corpus luteum in preventing obstetrical complications.
Regenerating zebrafish fin epigenome is characterized by stable lineage-specific DNA methylation and dynamic chromatin accessibility.
Unusual sequence characteristics of human chromosome 19 are conserved across 11 nonhuman primates.
Transcriptome analysis reveals the defense mechanism of cotton against Verticillium dahliae in the presence of the biocontrol fungus Chaetomium globosum CEF-082.
Elevated IgA antiphospholipid antibodies in healthy pregnant women in Sudan but not Sweden, without corresponding increase in IgA anti-beta2 glycoprotein I domain 1 antibodies.
Global Assessment of Mendelian Stroke Genetic Prevalence in 101 635 Individuals From 7 Ethnic Groups.
Mapping of Stripe Rust and Leaf Rust Resistance QTL in the Chinese Spring Wheat Line Mianyang351-15.
Prevention of DMBA-induced mammary gland tumors in mice by a dual-function inhibitor of JAK3 and EGF receptor tyrosine kinases.
Glucocerebrosidase as a therapeutic target for Parkinson \' s disease.
Two Cystic Fybrosis Cases with Firstly Reported Compund Heterozygous Variants
Genetic parameters for milk yield in imported Jersey and Jersey-Friesian cows using daily milk records in Sri Lanka (R).
Principal component analysis of linear udder type traits and their relationship with milk yield and composition in indigenous Sahiwal cattle.
Association of UDP-galactose-4-epimerase (GALE) with milk protein concentration in the Chinese Holstein population.
Reduced SKP1 Expression Induces Chromosome Instability through Aberrant Cyclin E1 Protein Turnover.
Sulfonamide Inhibition Studies of the beta-Class Carbonic Anhydrase CAS3 from the Filamentous Ascomycete Sordaria macrospora.
Deleterious Effect of NMDA Plus Kainate on the Inner Retinal Cells and Ganglion Cell Projection of the Mouse.
Establishment of a Plasmid-Based Reverse Genetics System for the Cell Culture-Adapted Hepatitis E Virus Genotype 3c Strain 47832c.
Assessment of the Effect of Satureja montana and Origanum virens Essential Oils on Aspergillus flavus Growth and Aflatoxin Production at Different Water Activities.
Pesticides Decrease Bacterial Diversity and Abundance of Irrigated Rice Fields.
Genetic Modifiers and Rare Mendelian Disease.
Pulse Crop Effects on Gut Microbial Populations, Intestinal Function, and Adiposity in a Mouse Model of Diet-Induced Obesity.
Chromothripsis and DNA Repair Disorders.
A comprehensive review of the role of long non-coding RNAs in organs with an endocrine function.
ZNF687 mutations in an extended cohort of neoplastic transformations in Paget \' s disease of bone: implication for clinical pathology.
New Developments in Diagnosis, Prognostication, and Treatment of Advanced Systemic Mastocytosis.
Endometriotic cell culture contamination and authenticity: a source of bias in in vitro research?
A population of proinflammatory T cells coexpresses alphabeta and gammadelta T cell receptors in mice and humans.
Machine learning on genome-wide association studies to predict the risk of radiation-associated contralateral breast cancer in the WECARE Study.
Adaptive phenotypic modulations lead to therapy resistance in chronic myeloid leukemia cells.
Mutational signature in colorectal cancer caused by genotoxic pks+ E. coli.
Influence of Polymorphisms in the Interleukin-18 Gene on Allergic Rhinitis: A Meta-Analysis.
Challenges and opportunities in genetic counseling for hereditary endocrine neoplasia syndromes.
A detailed description of the phenotypic spectrum of North Sea Progressive Myoclonus Epilepsy in a large cohort of seventeen patients.
Zygophyllum album saponins prevent atherogenic effect induced by deltamethrin via attenuating arterial accumulation of native and oxidized LDL in rats.
Impacts of metallic trace elements on an earthworm community in an urban wasteland: Emphasis on the bioaccumulation and genetic characteristics in Lumbricus castaneus.
Insights into the molecular pathogenesis of cardiospondylocarpofacial syndrome: MAP3K7 c.737-7A &gt; G variant alters the TGFbeta-mediated alpha-SMA cytoskeleton assembly and autophagy.
Is the gut microbiota dysbiotic in patients with classical homocystinuria?
Mechanisms of homocysteine-induced damage to the endothelial, medial and adventitial layers of the arterial wall.
Intentional Non-Therapy in Long QT Syndrome (LQTS).
Seed transmission of a distinct soybean yellow mottle mosaic virus strain identified from India in natural and experimental hosts.
An optogenetic tool for induced protein stabilization based on the Phaeodactylum tricornutum aureochrome 1a LOV domain.
Ultra-Deep Coverage Single-Molecule R-loop Footprinting Reveals Principles of R-loop Formation.
Pharmacological tools to modulate autophagy in neurodegenerative diseases.
Population genomics of honey bees reveals a selection signature indispensable for royal jelly production.
Transgenic Eimeria parasite: A potential control strategy for chicken coccidiosis.
Shift of Feeding Mode in an Epizoic Stalked Barnacle Inducing Gall Formation of Host Sea Urchin.
Keeping the Proportions of Protein Complex Components in Check.
Evaluation of Kuroda et al.: Insight into Yeast Isobutanol Tolerance with Advances Still Needed.
Lamina-Dependent Stretching and Unconventional Chromosome Compartments in Early C. elegans Embryos.
Correction to: Beyond GWAS in Atrial Fibrillation Genetics.
Rett Syndrome, a Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Whole-Transcriptome, and Mitochondrial Genome Multiomics Analyses Identify Novel Variations and Disease Pathways.
Variability in the Clearance of Lead Oxide Nanoparticles Is Associated with Alteration of Specific Membrane Transporters.
Biallelic loss-of-function variants in RBL2 in siblings with a neurodevelopmental disorder.
Green leaf volatiles and jasmonic acid enhance susceptibility to anthracnose diseases caused by Colletotrichum graminicola in maize.
A case of self-improving collodion ichthyosis in Vietnam.
Ulipristal Acetate Before Hysteroscopic Myomectomy: A Systematic Review.
Global Retinoblastoma Presentation and Analysis by National Income Level.
Immune Response Following Quadrivalent Human Papillomavirus Vaccination in Women After Hematopoietic Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplant: A Nonrandomized Clinical Trial.
[Clinical and genetic characteristics of epilepsy caused by mutations in the PCDH19 gene (OMIM: 300088)].
Research in understudied populations offers local and global insights into the genetics of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Dullard-mediated Smad1/5/8 inhibition controls mouse cardiac neural crest cells condensation and outflow tract septation.
The Effectiveness and Value of Siponimod for Secondary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis.
Lifetime trauma endorsement, posttraumatic stress disorder, and alcohol dependence as a function of sexual minority status.
Immune responses in COVID-19 and potential vaccines: Lessons learned from SARS and MERS epidemic.
Familial reciprocal non robertsonian translocation t(14;22) resulting in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
Ataxia, tremor, intellectual disability: a case of STXBP1 encephalopathy with a new mutation.
Early onset inflammatory bowel disease: manifestations, genetics and diagnosis.
A method to generate multi-locus barcodes of pinned insect specimens using MiSeq.
Hypoxic storage of red blood cells improves metabolism and post-transfusion recovery.
The distribution of hepatitis B virus surface antigen polymorphisms at positions associated with vaccine escape.
High correlation between ethanol concentrations in post-mortem femoral blood and in alternative biological specimens, but large uncertainty when the linear regression model was used for prediction in individual cases.
Structure elucidation of urinary metabolites of fentanyl and five fentanyl analogues using LC-QTOF-MS, hepatocyte incubations and synthesized reference standards.
Beyond Acephalic Spermatozoa: The Complexity of Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection Outcomes.
Nipah: An Interesting stance.
Current and Emerging Pharmacotherapy for Fibromyalgia.
Systematic prediction of the biological functions of TAS2R10 using positive co-expression analysis.
Hepatic Differentiation of Marmoset Embryonic Stem Cells and Functional Characterization of ESC-Derived Hepatocyte-Like Cells.
Effects of Nicotinamide on Cervical Cancer-Derived Fibroblasts: Evidence for Therapeutic Potential.
Some of the Factors Involved in Male Infertility: A Prospective Review.
PHEX Gene Mutation in a Patient with X-Linked Hypophosphatemic Rickets in a Developing Country.
Analysis of the Cost-Effectiveness of Liquid Biopsy to Determine Treatment Change in Patients with Her2-Positive Advanced Breast Cancer in Colombia.
P53 Mutant p53N236S Regulates Cancer-Associated Fibroblasts Properties Through Stat3 Pathway.
Metabolic Parameters in Patients with Prader-Willi Syndrome and DiGeorge Syndrome with Respect to Psychopathological Manifestation.
Adjunctive Rufinamide in Children with Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome: A Literature Review.
New Patient-Centric Approaches to the Management of Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency.
Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency: Therapeutic Options.
A Hierarchy of Deaths: Stem Cells, Animals and Humans Understood by Developmental Biologists.
Agrobacterium-mediated transient transformation of sorghum leaves for accelerating functional genomics and genome editing studies.
The epigenetic regulators and metabolic changes in ferroptosis-associated cancer progression.
Publication rates and reported results in a cohort of gene- and cell-based therapy trials.
Commentary on a previous review article published by Kim SY et al.
Predictors of genetic beliefs toward cancer risk perceptions among adults in the United States: Implications for prevention or early detection.
Beyond circles and squares: A commentary on updating pedigree nomenclature to better represent patient diversity.
Substrate-selective protein ectodomain shedding by ADAM17 and iRhom2 depends on their juxtamembrane and transmembrane domains.
Baseline dysmegakaryopoiesis in inherited thrombocytopenia/platelet disorder with predisposition to haematological malignancies.
Preimplantation genetic testing legislation and accessibility in the Nordic countries.
The distribution, number and certain neurochemical identities of infracortical white matter neurons in the brains of three megachiropteran bat species.
Adrenomedullin expression in aortic artery wall of diabetic rats given alpha lipoic acid.
Strengthening the functional research on the interaction between host genes and microbiota.
Fertility care in the era of commercial direct-to-consumer home DNA kits: issues to ponder.
Comprehensive analysis of the associations between previous pregnancy failures and blastocyst aneuploidy as well as pregnancy outcomes after PGT-A.
Lack of Association of Generic Brittle Status with Genetics and Physiologic Measures in Patients with Epilepsy.
Predicted Drosophila Interactome Resource and web tool for functional interpretation of differentially expressed genes.
Two distinct neuroanatomical subtypes of schizophrenia revealed using machine learning.
Quantitative comparison of within-sample heterogeneity scores for DNA methylation data.
Engineering primary T cells with chimeric antigen receptors for rewired responses to soluble ligands.
Pathway paradigms revealed from the genetics of inflammatory bowel disease.
Regulation of human cerebral cortical development by EXOC7 and EXOC8, components of the exocyst complex, and roles in neural progenitor cell proliferation and survival.
Clinical and biochemical improvement with galactose supplementation in SLC35A2-CDG.
Lipid availability determines fate of skeletal progenitor cells via SOX9.
Epigenetic therapy inhibits metastases by disrupting premetastatic niches.
DNA-PKcs has KU-dependent function in rRNA processing and haematopoiesis.
MUC1 oncoprotein mitigates ER stress via CDA-mediated reprogramming of pyrimidine metabolism.
Publisher Correction: Global site-specific neddylation profiling reveals that NEDDylated cofilin regulates actin dynamics.
Greater cortical thickness in individuals with ASD.
Tet3 ablation in adult brain neurons increases anxiety-like behavior and regulates cognitive function in mice.
Serial evaluation of CD19 surface expression in pediatric B-cell malignancies following CD19-targeted therapy.
Preimplantation genetic testing with HLA matching: from counseling to birth and beyond.
Inadequate socialisation, inactivity, and urban living environment are associated with social fearfulness in pet dogs.
Physical fitness and physical activity association with cognitive function and quality of life: baseline cross-sectional analysis of the PREDIMED-Plus trial.
Immunosuppressive effect and global dysregulation of blood transcriptome in response to psychosocial stress in vervet monkeys (Chlorocebus sabaeus).
NMT1 and NMT2 are lysine myristoyltransferases regulating the ARF6 GTPase cycle.
Candidate silencer elements for the human and mouse genomes.
B38-CAP is a bacteria-derived ACE2-like enzyme that suppresses hypertension and cardiac dysfunction.
Histone deacetylases 1 and 2 restrain CD4+ cytotoxic T lymphocyte differentiation.
Disease modification and biomarker development in Parkinson disease: Revision or reconstruction?
Chemical genetics of AGC-kinases reveals shared targets of Ypk1, Protein Kinase A and Sch9.
No Consistent Evidence for Microbiota in Murine Placental and Fetal Tissues.
mSphere of Influence: a Controlled Burn-Pathogen Manipulation of the Dynamic Chemistry That Results from Inflammation.
mSphere of Influence: Combining Host and Pathogen Genetics To Disrupt Chronic Infections.
Wnt-mediated endothelial transformation into mesenchymal stem cell-like cells induces chemoresistance in glioblastoma.
A Centralized Approach for Practicing Genomic Medicine.
Dopamine receptor Dop1R2 stabilizes appetitive olfactory memory through the Raf/MAPK pathway in Drosophila.
Establishment of a Reverse Genetics System for Influenza D Virus.
Validation of an EBV Antibody Risk Stratification Signature for Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma using Multiplex serology.
Duplication of leucyl-tRNA synthetase in an archaeal extremophile may play a role in adaptation to variable environmental conditions.
High-Throughput CRISPR/Cas9 Mutagenesis Streamlines Trait Gene Identification in Maize.
Genomic Dissection of Anthracnose (Colletotrichum sublineolum) Resistance Response in Sorghum Differential Line SC112-14.
When to break the news and whose responsibility is it? A cross-sectional qualitative study of health professionals \'  views regarding disclosure of BRCA genetic cancer risk.
Teaching practice in human genetics integrated into general education.
The application of genomic selection in pig cross breeding.
Progress on Mutator superfamily.
Correction to: Risk-reducing salpingo-oophorectomy, natural menopause, and breast cancer risk: an international prospective cohort of BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation carriers.
Estimating the burden of iron deficiency among African children.
Familial Acute Necrotizing Encephalopathy: Evidence From Next Generation Sequencing of Digenic Inheritance.
CD30 expression and survival in posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorders.
Value of CCNA1 promoter methylation in triaging ASC-US cytology.
MIR-107, MIR-223-3P and MIR-21-5P Reveals Potential Biomarkers in Penile Cancer.
Combined Targeting of AKT and mTOR Inhibits Proliferation of Human NF1-Associated Malignant Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumour Cells In Vitro but not in a Xenograft Mouse Model In Vivo.
Remodeling of Intracellular Ca2+ Homeostasis in Rat Hippocampal Neurons Aged In Vitro.
The Hypoxic Proteome and Metabolome of Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) with and without Phytoglobin Priming.
Bacterial Natural Disaccharide (Trehalose Tetraester): Molecular Modeling and in Vitro Study of Anticancer Activity on Breast Cancer Cells.
Serendipitous In Situ Conservation of Faba Bean Landraces in Tunisia: A Case Study.
Effects of Inhibin A on Apoptosis and Proliferation of Bovine Granulosa Cells.
Comprehensive Sequence Analysis of IQD Gene Family and their Expression Profiling in Grapevine (Vitis vinifera).
Augmenting Vacuolar H+-ATPase Function Prevents Cardiomyocytes from Lipid-Overload Induced Dysfunction.
Oestrogenic Endocrine Disruptors in the Placenta and the Fetus.
Vitamin C Enhances the Antibacterial Activity of Honey against Planktonic and Biofilm-Embedded Bacteria.
[A case of brain liquefaction caused by biotinidase deficiency].
[Genotypes and phenotypes of nine Uygur children with osteogenesis imperfecta in Xinjiang].
Biotransformations, antioxidant system responses and histopathological indexes in the liver of fish exposed to cyanobacterial extract.
Human global and population-specific genetic susceptibility to Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection and disease.
Frequency of BRCA1 and BRCA2 Mutations in Individuals with Breast and Ovarian Cancer in a Chinese Hakka Population Using Next-Generation Sequencing.
c.753A&gt;G genome editing of a Cdh23ahl allele delays age-related hearing loss and degeneration of cochlear hair cells in C57BL/6J mice.
TiO2 nanoparticles enhance the chemotherapeutic effects of 5-fluorouracil in human AGS gastric cancer cells via autophagy blockade.
TIFAB Regulates USP15-Mediated p53 Signaling during Stressed and Malignant Hematopoiesis.
Dissecting the Regulatory Strategies of NF-kappaB RelA Target Genes in the Inflammatory Response Reveals Differential Transactivation Logics.
Mechanism of Crosstalk between the LSD1 Demethylase and HDAC1 Deacetylase in the CoREST Complex.
Non-canonical Caspase-1 Signaling Drives RIP2-Dependent and TNF-alpha-Mediated Inflammation In Vivo.
Probing RNA Conformational Equilibria within the Functional Cellular Context.
Transcription Factor Binding in Embryonic Stem Cells Is Constrained by DNA Sequence Repeat Symmetry.
Effects of Germline VHL Deficiency on Growth, Metabolism, and Mitochondria.
Genetic Diversity of Culicoides stellifer (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae) in the Southeastern United States Compared With Sequences From Ontario, Canada.
A C-terminal peptide from type I interferon protects the retina in a mouse model of autoimmune uveitis.
Metabolic and pathologic profiles of human LSS deficiency recapitulated in mice.
Individualized genetic network analysis reveals new therapeutic vulnerabilities in 6,700 cancer genomes.
Non classic presentations of a genetic mutation typically associated with transient neonatal diabetes.
Familial dysalbuminemic hyperthyroxinemia confounding management of coexistent autoimmune thyroid disease.
Multilevel analyses of related public health indicators: The European Surveillance of Congenital Anomalies (EUROCAT) Public Health Indicators.
Association of Serum Folate Levels With Cardiovascular Mortality Among Adults With Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Longitudinal Maintenance of Cognitive Health in Centenarians in the 100-plus Study.
Association of Leukocyte Telomere Length With Mortality Among Adult Participants in 3 Longitudinal Studies.
Online Bayesian phylodynamic inference in BEAST with application to epidemic reconstruction.
Whole-genome sequencing of the NARO World Rice Core Collection (WRC) as the basis for diversity and association studies.
Knockout of mouse receptor accessory protein 6 (REEP6) leads to sperm function and morphology defects.
Effects of Antipsychotic Medication on Brain Structure in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder and Psychotic Features: Neuroimaging Findings in the Context of a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial.
Ordered patterning of the sensory system is susceptible to stochastic features of gene expression.
Highly-regulated, diversifying NTP-based biological conflict systems with implications for emergence of multicellularity.
Ciliary Rab28 and the BBSome negatively regulate extracellular vesicle shedding.
Biallelic TANGO1 mutations cause a novel syndromal disease due to hampered cellular collagen secretion.
Updates in Histologic Grading of Urologic Neoplasms.
Expanding the spectrum of SMAD3-related phenotypes to agnathia-otocephaly.
The relaxin family peptide receptor 1 (RXFP1): An emerging player in human health and disease.
Pharmacogenomics in Asian subpopulations and impacts on commonly prescribed medications.
Intraductal papillary neoplasms of the bile duct are consisted of two distinct types specifically associated with clinicopathological features and molecular phenotypes.
Purifying stem cell-derived red blood cells: a high-throughput label-free downstream processing strategy based on microfluidic spiral inertial separation and membrane filtration.
MiRNAs in endometrioid endometrial cancer metastatic loci derived from positive lymph nodes.
Translational Proteomics: Driving Biomarker Discovery in the Clinical Laboratory.
Stretchable and tough conductive hydrogels for flexible pressure and strain sensors.
Successful aging: insights from proteome analyses of healthy centenarians.
Benchmarking bacterial genome-wide association study methods using simulated genomes and phenotypes.
Differences in pre-pregnancy diet quality by occupation among employed women.
Community-based sheep breeding programs generated substantial genetic gains and socioeconomic benefits.
The Case of the Missing Nose: Congenital Arhinia Case Presentation and Management Recommendations.
Classification for treatment urgency for the microphthalmia/anophthalmia spectrum using clinical and biometrical characteristics.
Cardiomyopathy and kidney function in agalsidase beta-treated female Fabry patients: a pre-treatment vs. post-treatment analysis.
Three-dimensional facial morphology in Cantu syndrome.
Expanding the spectrum of CEP55-associated disease to viable phenotypes.
Genetic screening of children with suspected inherited bleeding disorders.
Ferroptosis: Final destination for cancer?
Cool but dangerous: How climate change is increasing the risk of airborne infections.
Risk factors for progression of age-related macular degeneration.
Assessing selection signatures within and between selected lines of dual-purpose black and white and German Holstein cattle.
Mitochondrial DNA variation of Nigerian Muscovy duck (Cairina moschata).
Endogenous estradiol and inflammation biomarkers: potential interacting mechanisms of obesity-related disease.
Lifelines NEXT: a prospective birth cohort adding the next generation to the three-generation Lifelines cohort study.
Whole-genome sequence analysis of paris virus 1: a novel member of the genus Potyvirus infecting Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis.
Biallelic mutations in NRROS cause an early onset lethal microgliopathy.
Human genetics of HCV infection phenotypes in the era of direct-acting antivirals.
High-density NGS-based map construction and genetic dissection of fruit shape and rind netting in Cucumis melo.
Hidden in plain sight: the overstated benefits and underestimated losses of potential implantations associated with advertised PGT-A success rates.
New opportunities and insights into Papaver self-incompatibility by imaging engineered Arabidopsis pollen.
Interest in expanded carrier screening among individuals and couples in the general population: systematic review of the literature.
Genetics of Primary Ovarian Insufficiency in the Next-Generation Sequencing Era.
Natural history of the late-onset phenotype of Fabry disease due to the p.F113L mutation.
Liver involvement in patients with Gaucher disease types I and III.
Routing Nanomolar Protein Cargoes to Lipid Raft-Mediated/Caveolar Endocytosis through a Ganglioside GM1-Specific Recognition Tag.
Comparison of Arachis monticola with Diploid and Cultivated Tetraploid Genomes Reveals Asymmetric Subgenome Evolution and Improvement of Peanut.
Study of subcellular localization of Glycine max gamma-tocopherol methyl transferase isoforms in N. benthamiana.
Fecal Microbial Transplantation for the Treatment of Persistent Multidrug-Resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae Infection in a Critically Ill Patient.
Mental wellbeing among Hispanic female domestic cleaners.
Evaluation of MALAT1 promoter DNA methylation patterns in early colorectal lesions and tumors.
Challenges in identifying large germline structural variants for clinical use by long read sequencing.
Novel salivary gland allergens from tropical mosquito species and IgE reactivity in allergic patients.
Group plus "mini" individual pre-test genetic counselling sessions for hereditary cancer shorten provider time and improve patient satisfaction.
A Novel Strategy for Enhance Potentiation of Meglumine antimoniate against Leishmania major In Vitro.
Racial differences in posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms among African American and Caucasian male veterans.
Towards Precision Medicine in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Determinants of Diabetic Complication Among Adult Diabetic Patients in Debre Markos Referral Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia, 2018: Unmatched Case Control Study.
Family-Based Analysis Combined with Case-Controls Study Implicate Roles of PCNT in Tourette Syndrome.
Spotlight edition on South America.
There and back again - ancient genes reveal early migrations.
Leveraging genome-wide data to investigate differences between opioid use vs. opioid dependence in 41,176 individuals from the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Genetic heterogeneity and evolutionary history of high-grade ovarian carcinoma and matched distant metastases.
Insights into pancreatic islet cell dysfunction from type 2 diabetes mellitus genetics.
Hyperactive PI3Kdelta predisposes naive T cells to activation via aerobic glycolysis programs.
Novel pathogenic alterations in pediatric and adult desmoid-type fibromatosis - A systematic analysis of 204 cases.
Loss of TNR causes a nonprogressive neurodevelopmental disorder with spasticity and transient opisthotonus.
Genomic prediction and GWAS of yield, quality and disease-related traits in spring barley and winter wheat.
Dual-molecular barcode sequencing detects rare variants in tumor and cell free DNA in plasma.
Increased mitochondrial and lipid metabolism is a conserved effect of Insulin/PI3K pathway downregulation in adipose tissue.
Tendentious effects of automated and manual metagenomic DNA purification protocols on broiler gut microbiome taxonomic profiling.
Combined cardio-protective ability of syringic acid and resveratrol against isoproterenol induced cardio-toxicity in rats via attenuating NF-kB and TNF-alpha pathways.
A potassium chloride to glycine betaine osmoprotectant switch in the extreme halophile Halorhodospira halophila.
Oncologist-led BRCA  \' mainstreaming \'  in the ovarian cancer clinic: A study of 255 patients and its impact on their management.
Disease asymmetry and hyperautofluorescent ring shape in retinitis pigmentosa patients.
Regulatory sites for splicing in human basal ganglia are enriched for disease-relevant information.
The complex genetic landscape of familial MDS and AML reveals pathogenic germline variants.
Measuring single cell divisions in human tissues from multi-region sequencing data.
Transcriptome-wide identification and profiling of miRNAs in a stress-tolerant conifer Sabina chinensis.
Doc2 proteins are not required for the increased spontaneous release rate in synaptotagmin-1 deficient neurons.
Ocrelizumab does not impair B- and T-cell responses to primary VZV infection in a patient with MS.
Defining research priorities in dystonia.
Alterations in chromatin at antigen receptor loci define lineage progression during B lymphopoiesis.
Footprints of natural selection at the mannose-6-phosphate isomerase locus in barnacles.
SpoT Induces Intracellular Salmonella Virulence Programs in the Phagosome.
Social Cooperativity of Bacteria during Reversible Surface Attachment in Young Biofilms: a Quantitative Comparison of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA14 and PAO1.
Model systems for regeneration: the spiny mouse, Acomys cahirinus.
Human antigen R-regulated mRNA metabolism promotes the cell motility of migrating neurons.
Dissecting Fertility Functions of Drosophila Y Chromosome Genes with CRISPR.
Erratum to "KIAA1549-BRAF Expression Establishes a Permissive Tumor Microenvironment Through NFkappaB-Mediated CCL2 Production" [Neoplasia, Volume: 21, Issue:1, (2019) 52-60].
Long-term expansion, genomic stability and in vivo safety of adult human pancreas organoids.
Evaluating the persistence of laundered semen stains on fabric using a forensic light source system, prostate-specific antigen Semiquant test and DNA recovery-profiling.
Association between methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphisms and risk of ischemic stroke.
Understanding Mechanisms of Salinity Tolerance in Barley by Proteomic and Biochemical Analysis of Near-Isogenic Lines.
The Genetic Basis of Natural Variation in Drosophila melanogaster Immune Defense against Enterococcus faecalis.
Monitoring Acute Pain in Donkeys with the Equine Utrecht University Scale for Donkeys Composite Pain Assessment (EQUUS-DONKEY-COMPASS) and the Equine Utrecht University Scale for Donkey Facial Assessment of Pain (EQUUS-DONKEY-FAP).
Management of Neuroinflammatory Responses to AAV-Mediated Gene Therapies for Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Hearing Impairment Overview in Africa: the Case of Cameroon.
Germline Variants in Phosphodiesterase Genes and Genetic Predisposition to Pediatric Adrenocortical Tumors.
RECQ5: A Mysterious Helicase at the Interface of DNA Replication and Transcription.
Effect of Carotenoids, Oligosaccharides and Anthocyanins on Growth Performance, Immunological Parameters and Intestinal Morphology in Broiler Chickens Challenged with Escherichia coli Lipopolysaccharide.
Alterations in the Nervous System and Gut Microbiota after beta-Hemolytic Streptococcus Group A Infection-Characteristics and Diagnostic Criteria of PANDAS Recognition.
MiR-219a-5p Enriched Extracellular Vesicles Induce OPC Differentiation and EAE Improvement More Efficiently Than Liposomes and Polymeric Nanoparticles.
Role of Non-Coding RNAs in the Development of Targeted Therapy and Immunotherapy Approaches for Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.
Influence of Benz[a]anthracene on Bone Metabolism and on Liver Metabolism in Nibbler Fish, Girella punctata.
Ubiquitin E3 Ligase AaBre1 Responsible for H2B Monoubiquitination Is Involved in Hyphal Growth, Conidiation and Pathogenicity in Alternaria alternata.
Mechanical and Tribological Characterization of a Dental Ceromer.
Measles Vaccines Designed for Enhanced CD8+ T Cell Activation.
Effect of Accumulation of Heavy Metals in the Red Fox Intestine on the Prevalence of Its Intestinal Parasites.
Comparative Insight upon Chitosan Solution and Chitosan Nanoparticles Application on the Phenolic Content, Antioxidant and Antimicrobial Activities of Individual Grape Components of Sousao Variety.
VLDLR-Associated Cerebellar Hypoplasia
22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome
Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus
Genetics of Colorectal Cancer (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
A novel non-invasive prenatal sickle cell disease test for all at-risk pregnancies.
Remarkable effect of transdermal nicotine in children with CHRNA4-related autosomal dominant sleep-related hypermotor epilepsy.
Derivation of two iPSC lines from a sporadic ASD patient (NUIGi033-A) and a paternal control (NUIGi034-A).
Single-channel properties of skeletal muscle ryanodine receptor pore Delta4923FF4924 in two brothers with a lethal form of fetal akinesia.
Physiological and proteomic responses of reactive oxygen species metabolism and antioxidant machinery in mulberry (Morus alba L.) seedling leaves to NaCl and NaHCO3 stress.
Genetic architecture of neurodegenerative dementias.
Characterization of a thermostable, allosteric L-asparaginase from Anoxybacillus flavithermus.
The uneven weight distribution between predators and prey: Comparing gut fill between terrestrial herbivores and carnivores.
Temperament as a predictor of eating behavior in middle childhood - A fixed effects approach.
Mother-to-child transmission of oncogenic polyomaviruses BKPyV, JCPyV and SV40.
Tuba8 Drives Differentiation of Cortical Radial Glia into Apical Intermediate Progenitors by Tuning Modifications of Tubulin C Termini.
Single-Chromosomal Gains Can Function as Metastasis Suppressors and Promoters in Colon Cancer.
Pathogenic Variants in CEP85L Cause Sporadic and Familial Posterior Predominant Lissencephaly.
Posterior Neocortex-Specific Regulation of Neuronal Migration by CEP85L Identifies Maternal Centriole-Dependent Activation of CDK5.
The role of reactive oxygen species in the biological activity of antimicrobial agents: An updated mini review.
Vitamin D receptor genetic polymorphisms and the risk of multiple sclerosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional traits of the gut microbiome correlated with host lipid content in a natural population of Drosophila melanogaster.
Nutritional geometry of mitochondrial genetic effects on male fertility.
The effect of autopolyploidy on population genetic signals of hard sweeps.
Phenotyping: New Windows into the Plant for Breeders.
Alterations in ubiquitin-mediated degradation of NaV 1.5 can cause arrhythmia.
ZMYND11-related syndromic intellectual disability: 16 patients delineating and expanding the phenotypic spectrum.
Tuberous sclerosis with two unusual findings: cutaneous rhabdomyoma and chronic myelogenous leukaemia.
Molecular basis and inheritance patterns of amyloidosis cutis dyschromica.
Predictors of presenteeism, absenteeism and job loss in patients commencing methotrexate or biologic therapy for rheumatoid arthritis.
Chloride intracellular channel 1 cooperates with potassium channel EAG2 to promote medulloblastoma growth.
Using human genetics to guide the repurposing of medicines.
Spectroscopic and theoretical studies of fluorescence effects induced by the ESIPT process in a new derivative 2-Hydroxy-N-(2-phenylethyl)benzamide - Study on the effects of pH and medium polarity changes.
Population modeling of tumor growth curves and the reduced Gompertz model improve prediction of the age of experimental tumors.
The relation between crosstalk and gene regulation form revisited.
Tximeta: Reference sequence checksums for provenance identification in RNA-seq.
NR1H4-related Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis 5: Further Evidence for Rapidly Progressive Liver Failure.
A Homozygous Mutation in 5 \'  Untranslated Region of TNFRSF11A Leading to Molecular Diagnosis of Osteopetrosis Coinheritance With Wiskott-Aldrich Syndrome.
Transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 antagonism in neuroinflammation, neuroprotection and epigenetic regulation: potential therapeutic implications for severe psychiatric disorders treatment.
Identification of novel PKD1 mutations in two Chinese families with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease by targeted next generation sequencing.
The brave new world of genetic testing in the management of the dyslipidaemias.
The Population Genetics of Evolutionary Rescue in Diploids: X Chromosomal versus Autosomal Rescue.
Stochastic Dynamics of Three Competing Clones: Conditions and Times for Invasion, Coexistence, and Fixation.
Understanding the genetic relationships of Indonesian bambara groundnut cultivars and investigating their origins.
Mitochondrial DNA haplogroups and susceptibility to neuroblastoma.
Advanced maternal age alters expression of maternal effect genes that are essential for human oocyte quality.
Inheritance and characterization of Rph27: a third race-specific resistance gene in the barley cultivar Quinn.
A randomized crossover trial of elamipretide in adults with primary mitochondrial myopathy.
CRISPR/Cas9-mediated genome editing: From basic research to translational medicine.
18q12.3-q21.1 microdeletion detected in the prenatally alcohol-exposed dizygotic twin with discordant fetal alcohol syndrome phenotype.
Plant responses to insect eggs are not induced by egg-associated microbes, but by a secretion attached to the eggs.
Why a d-beta-hydroxybutyrate monoester?
An alternatively spliced, non-signaling insulin receptor modulates insulin sensitivity via insulin peptide sequestration in C. elegans.
Short and sweet.
Spontaneous KRT5 Gene Mutation in Rhesus Macaques (Macaca mulatta): A Novel Nonhuman Primate Model of Epidermolysis Bullosa Simplex.
A Computational Error and Restricted Use of Time-series Analyses Underlie the Failure to Replicate period-Dependent Song Rhythms in Drosophila.
Using a mouse model to gain insights into Developmental Coordination Disorder.
Human RAP1 specifically protects telomeres of senescent cells from DNA damage.
KIF1A-related disorders in children: a wide spectrum of central and peripheral nervous system involvement.
Maternity healthcare professionals \'  views and experiences of fetal genomic uncertainty: a review.
A Short Peptide Designed from Late Embryogenesis Abundant Protein Enhances Acid Tolerance in Escherichia coli.
Prevalence of mutations in a diverse cohort of 3162 women tested via the same multigene cancer panel in a managed care health plan.
Amyloid-beta and Tau at the Crossroads of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Mechanisms of Axonal Sorting of Tau and Influence of the Axon Initial Segment on Tau Cell Polarity.
Pallidal Activity in Cervical Dystonia with and Without Head Tremor.
Association of depressive symptoms with decline of cognitive function-Rugao longevity and ageing study.
The neglected part of early embryonic development: maternal protein degradation.
Looping of upstream cis-regulatory elements is required for CFTR expression in human airway epithelial cells.
AtTRM61/AtTRM6 complex is a bona fide tRNA N1-methyladenosine methyltransferase in Arabidopsis.
Role of endolysosomes and pH in the pathogenesis and treatment of glioblastoma.
Digital Medicine: A Primer on Measurement.
Classification of clear cell renal cell carcinoma based on PKM alternative splicing.
A one health approach to vaccines against Toxoplasma gondii.
Marked structural rearrangement of mannose 6-phosphate/IGF2 receptor at different pH environments.
Recovering signals of ghost archaic introgression in African populations.
Pervasive head-to-tail insertions of DNA templates mask desired CRISPR-Cas9-mediated genome editing events.
Phosphorylation systems in symbiotic nitrogen-fixing bacteria and their role in bacterial adaptation to various environmental stresses.
Downregulation of miR-193a-3p is involved in the pathogenesis of hepatocellular carcinoma by targeting CCND1.
Evaluation of heat stress effects on cellular and transcriptional adaptation of bovine granulosa cells.
Primary Angle Closure Glaucoma-associated Genetic Polymorphisms in Northeast Iran.
Kawasaki Disease: Global Burden and Genetic Background.
Finding and extending ancient simple sequence repeat-derived regions in the human genome.
Brain-wide structural connectivity alterations under the control of Alzheimer risk genes.
Transcriptome analyses of the ginseng root rot pathogens Cylindrocarpon destructans and Fusarium solani to identify radicicol resistance mechanisms.
TMEM30A loss-of-function mutations drive lymphomagenesis and confer therapeutically exploitable vulnerability in B-cell lymphoma.
A drug discovery platform to identify compounds that inhibit EGFR triple mutants.
Systematic identification of silencers in human cells.
Generation of human endothelium in pig embryos deficient in ETV2.
Fitness effects of CRISPR/Cas9-targeting of long noncoding RNA genes.
SpCas9-NG self-targets the sgRNA sequence in plant genome editing.
Brain and blood biomarkers of tauopathy and neuronal injury in humans and rats with neurobehavioral syndromes following blast exposure.
The spread of steppe and Iranian-related ancestry in the islands of the western Mediterranean.
Emergence of human-adapted Salmonella enterica is linked to the Neolithization process.
Genetic diagnosis in the fetus.
Chromosome 21 gain is dispensable for transient myeloproliferative disorder driven by a novel GATA1 mutation.
Diversity of HLA Class I and Class II blocks and conserved extended haplotypes in Lacandon Mayans.
Examining Reproductive Health Outcomes in Females Exposed to Polychlorinated Biphenyl and Polybrominated Biphenyl.
A genome-wide association study in mice reveals a role for Rhbdf2 in skeletal homeostasis.
Comparison of Mendeliome exome capture kits for use in clinical diagnostics.
The behavioral, cellular and immune mediators of HIV-1 acquisition: New insights from population genetics.
Genetic history from the Middle Neolithic to present on the Mediterranean island of Sardinia.
Chromatin accessibility is associated with the changed expression of miRNAs that target members of the Hippo pathway during myoblast differentiation.
Contribution of common and rare variants to bipolar disorder susceptibility in extended pedigrees from population isolates.
RADICL-seq identifies general and cell type-specific principles of genome-wide RNA-chromatin interactions.
Rare genetic susceptibility variants assessment in autism spectrum disorder: detection rate and practical use.
Pharmacological characterization of the novel and selective alpha7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor positive allosteric modulator BNC375.
Kinesin KIF18A is a novel PUM regulated target promoting mitotic progression and survival of human male germ cell line.
The paralogous transcription factors Stp1 and Stp2 of Candida albicans have distinct functions in nutrient acquisition and host interaction.
Ezh2 Represses Transcription of Innate Lymphoid Genes in B Lymphocyte Progenitors and Maintains the B-2 Cell Fate.
Joint profiling of chromatin accessibility and CAR-T integration site analysis at population and single-cell levels.
Chronic virus infection drives CD8 T cell-mediated thymic destruction and impaired negative selection.
Intrinsically disordered protein RBM14 plays a role in generation of RNA:DNA hybrids at double-strand break sites.
Exploring long-range cooperativity in the 20S proteasome core particle from Thermoplasma acidophilum using methyl-TROSY-based NMR.
Interferon lambda promotes immune dysregulation and tissue inflammation in TLR7-induced lupus.
Imipridone Anticancer Compounds Ectopically Activate the ClpP Protease and Represent a New Scaffold for Antibiotic Development.
Genomic epidemiology of complex, multi-species, plasmid-borne bla KPC carbapenemase in Enterobacterales in the UK, 2009-2014.
Impact of Daptomycin Dose Exposure Alone or in Combination with beta- lactams or Rifampin against Vancomycin-Resistant Enterococci (VRE) in an In vitro Biofilm Model.
Myosin heavy chain-embryonic regulates skeletal muscle differentiation during mammalian development.
Expression of E93 provides an instructive cue to control dynamic enhancer activity and chromatin accessibility during development.
RNF220/ZC4H2-mediated monoubiquitination of Phox2 is required for noradrenergic neuron development.
Pbx4 limits heart size and fosters arch artery formation through partitioning second heart field progenitors and restricting proliferation.
Iron-deficiency and dopaminergic treatment effects on RLS-Like behaviors of an animal model with the brain iron deficiency pattern of the restless legs syndrome.
Rapid and specific isolation of intact mitochondria from Arabidopsis leaves.
The increased frequency of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus with low MIC of beta-lactam antibiotics isolated from hospitalized patients.
The guidelines they are a changin \' .
Liver Kinase B1 (LKB1) Loss Has its p-ERKs: ERK Inactivation as a Vulnerability in NSCLC With LKB1 Mutations.
Prospects for membrane protein crystals in NMX.
Author Correction: 547 transcriptomes from 44 brain areas reveal features of the aging brain in non-human primates.
Marek \' s disease vaccines-induced differential expression of known and novel microRNAs in primary lymphoid organ bursae of White Leghorn.
The association between the rs4987105 of 5-lipoxygenase (ALOX5) gene and gestational glucose metabolism in Chinese population.
Identification of DNA N6-methyladenine sites by integration of sequence features.
covRNA: discovering covariate associations in large-scale gene expression data.
The behavioural and neuropathologic sexual dimorphism and absence of MIP-3alpha in tau P301S mouse model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
ncHMR detector: a computational framework to systematically reveal non-classical functions of histone modification regulators.
Persistent dyslipidemia in treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency.
Dipeptide repeat proteins inhibit homology-directed DNA double strand break repair in C9ORF72 ALS/FTD.
Discovering weaker genetic associations guided by known associations.
Mutation screening of the USH2A gene reveals two novel pathogenic variants in Chinese patients causing simplex usher syndrome 2.
Integration, abundance, and transmission of mutations and transgenes in a series of CRISPR/Cas9 soybean lines.
Disentangling the genetics of sarcopenia: prioritization of NUDT3 and KLF5 as genes for lean mass &amp; HLA-DQB1-AS1 for hand grip strength with the associated enhancing SNPs &amp; a scoring system.
GenEpi: gene-based epistasis discovery using machine learning.
Deep learning versus parametric and ensemble methods for genomic prediction of complex phenotypes.
Chlamydia: what is on the outside does matter.
Cathepsin B-associated Activation of Amyloidogenic Pathway in Murine Mucopolysaccharidosis Type I Brain Cortex.
Working on Genomic Stability: From the S-Phase to Mitosis.
The Surprising Effect of Phenformin on Cutaneous Darkening and Characterization of Its Underlying Mechanism by a Forward Chemical Genetics Approach.
(+)-Limonene 1,2-Epoxide-Loaded SLNs: Evaluation of Drug Release, Antioxidant Activity, and Cytotoxicity in an HaCaT Cell Line.
NADPH Oxidase Overactivity Underlies Telomere Shortening in Human Atherosclerosis.
Genes ScBx1 and ScIgl-Competitors or Cooperators?
Seed Weight as a Covariate in Association and Prediction Studies for Biomass Traits in Maize Seedlings.
Multiple Skin Squamous Cell Carcinomas in Junctional Epidermolysis Bullosa Due to Altered Laminin-332 Function.
Consumption of the Total Western Diet Promotes Colitis and Inflammation-Associated Colorectal Cancer in Mice.
Boron Toxicity and Deficiency in Agricultural Plants.
WNK2 Inhibits Autophagic Flux in Human Glioblastoma Cell Line.
AaCOI1, Encoding a CORONATINE INSENSITIVE 1-Like Protein of Artemisia annua L., Is Involved in Development, Defense, and Anthocyanin Synthesis.
Development of Molecular Marker Linked with Bacterial Fruit Blotch Resistance in Melon (Cucumis melo L.).
Patient iPSC-Derived Macrophages to Study Inborn Errors of the IFN-gamma Responsive Pathway.
Contamination of Pet Food with Mycobiota and Fusarium Mycotoxins-Focus on Dogs and Cats.
Effect of Phenotype Selection on Genome Size Variation in Two Species of Diptera.
Engineering of Live Chimeric Vaccines against Human Metapneumovirus.
Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency: An Update.
Permanent Pro-Tumorigenic Shift in Adipose Tissue-Derived Mesenchymal Stromal Cells Induced by Breast Malignancy.
Genetic Components of 25-Hydroxyvitamin D Increase in Three Randomized Controlled Trials.
Genetic Improvement of Sawn-Board Stiffness and Strength in Scots Pine (Pinus sylvestris L.).
The Impact of Cigarette Smoking on Risk of Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Narrative Review.
AGAP2: Modulating TGFbeta1-Signaling in the Regulation of Liver Fibrosis.
First Insight into Microbiome Profiles of Myrmecophilous Beetles and Their Host, Red Wood Ant Formica polyctena (Hymenoptera: Formicidae)-A Case Study.
Notch Signaling in Skeletal Development, Homeostasis and Pathogenesis.
NAD+ Metabolism and Regulation: Lessons From Yeast.
New Insights into the Role of Glutathione in the Mechanism of Fever.
Pregnancy in Advanced Kidney Disease: Clinical Practice Considerations on a Challenging Combination.
Specific binding of DnaA to the DnaA box motif in the cyanobacterium Synechococcus elongatus PCC 7942.
A Pivotal Genetic Program Controlled by Thyroid Hormone during the Maturation of GABAergic Neurons.
Observation and characterisation of macrophages in zebrafish liver.
Choosing The Right Animal Model for Renal Cancer Research.
Not all cancers are created equal: Tissue specificity in cancer genes and pathways.
Morphometric and proteomic responses of early-life stage rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) to the aquatic herbicide diquat dibromide.
Structure and functional analysis reveal an important regulated role of arginine kinase in Patinopecten yessoensis under low pH stress.
Design and Reporting Considerations for Genetic Screening Tests.
The Value of Parental Testing by Next-Generation Sequencing Includes the Detection of Germline Mosaicism.
Follicular lymphoma polygenic risk score is associated with increased disease risk but improved overall survival among women in a population based case-control in Los Angeles County California.
Unusual phenotype in patients with a hypomorphic mutation in the DCLRE1C gene: IgG hypergammaglobulinemia with IgA and IgE deficiency.
Differential activation of human pregnane X receptor PXR by isomeric mono-methylated indoles in intestinal and hepatic in vitro models.
Novel truncating and missense variants extending the spectrum of EMC1-related phenotypes, causing autism spectrum disorder, severe global development delay and visual impairment.
miRNA polymorphisms and risk of premature coronary artery disease.
Murine Epidermal Ceramide Synthase 4 is a Key Regulator of Skin Barrier Homeostasis.
Cellular, molecular and immunological characteristics of Langhans multinucleated giant cells programmed by IL-15.
Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of arthroconidia obtained from the edible mushroom Hypsizygus marmoreus.
Epigenetically silenced LINC02381 functions as a tumor suppressor by regulating PI3K-Akt signaling pathway.
Five years of screening for galactosaemia in South Africa: pitfalls of using Benedict \' s test and thin layer chromatography to screen for galactosaemia in a developing country.
Detection of BRCA1/2 Large Genomic Rearrangement including BRCA1 Promoter-Region Deletions using Next-Generation Sequencing.
Biological Activity and Apoptotic Signaling Pathway of C11- Functionalized Cephalostatin 1 Analogues.
Influenza virus NS1- C/EBPbeta gene regulatory complex inhibits RIG-I transcription.
Editorial: Charles Darwin, Jean-Baptiste Lamarck, and 21st century arguments on the fundamentals of biology.
Differential day-night expression of tight junction components in murine retinal pigment epithelium.
Serotonin system genes and hoarding with and without other obsessive-compulsive traits in a population-based, pediatric sample: A genetic association study.
A Recurrent Pathogenic Variant in TPM2 Reveals Further Phenotypic and Genetic Heterogeneity in Multiple Pterygium Syndrome-Related Disorders.
Homozygous STAT2 gain-of-function mutation by loss of USP18 activity in a patient with type I interferonopathy.
Cryo-EM structure of the Shigella type III needle complex.
Preparation and purification of mono-ubiquitinated proteins using Avi-tagged ubiquitin.
Chikungunya outbreak in Bangladesh (2017): Clinical and hematological findings.
Identification of quantitative trait loci associated with nitrogen use efficiency in winter wheat.
Identification and expression analysis of S-alk(en)yl-L-cysteine sulfoxide lyase isoform genes and determination of allicin contents in Allium species.
Aberrant cell segregation in the craniofacial primordium and the emergence of facial dysmorphology in craniofrontonasal syndrome.
Sycp2 is essential for synaptonemal complex assembly, early meiotic recombination and homologous pairing in zebrafish spermatocytes.
Little Fish, Big Questions: A Collection of Modern Techniques for Mexican Tetra Research.
Polygenic Risk Scores and Coronary Artery Disease: Ready for Prime Time?
Quantitative Proteomic Analysis of the Slime and Ventral Mantle Glands of the Striped Pyjama Squid (Sepioloidea lineolata).
Current controversies in prenatal diagnosis 2: The 59 genes ACMG recommends reporting as secondary findings when sequencing postnatally should be reported when detected on fetal (and parental) sequencing.
Association between cell-free DNA fetal fraction and gestational diabetes.
Editorial: Topical ethical issues in the publication of human genetics research.
Durability of Cross-Protection by Different Schedules of the Bivalent HPV Vaccine: the CVT Trial.
Prevalence and electrophysiological phenotype of rare SCN5A genetic variants identified in unexplained sudden cardiac arrest survivors.
The contribution of germline predisposition gene mutations to clinical subtypes of invasive breast cancer from a clinical genetic testing cohort.
KIT and PDGFRa mutational patterns in Sardinian patients with gastrointestinal stromal tumors.
Protein arginine methyltransferase 5 promotes cholesterol biosynthesis-mediated Th17 responses and autoimmunity.
Sphingosine 1-phosphate-regulated transcriptomes in heterogenous arterial and lymphatic endothelium of the aorta.
The Role of Microglia in Neurodevelopmental Disorders and Their Therapeutics.
A novel compound heterozygous mutation in DGKE in a Chinese patient causes atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome.
Proximal Hypospadias: Isolated Genital Condition or Marker of More?
Clinical features, molecular results, and management of 12 individuals with the rare arthrochalasia Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
Effects of carboxytherapy on skin laxity.
Knocking down the sex peptide receptor by dsRNA feeding results in reduced oviposition rate in olive fruit flies.
Practices in synagogues regarding Jewish genetic disease education.
Development, Validation, and Regulatory Considerations for a Liquid Biopsy Test.
Genetic approach in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Comparing Metastatic Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma Model Established in Mouse Kidney and on Chicken Chorioallantoic Membrane.
Targeting periosteal SSCs for aged bone defects.
Review on post-mortem diagnosis in suspected SUDEP: Currently still a difficult task for Forensic Pathologists.
Integrating genome-wide association study and expression quantitative trait loci data identifies NEGR1 as a causal risk gene of major depression disorder.
Exploration of experiences with and understanding of polygenic risk scores for bipolar disorder.
Maternal vitamin D status during pregnancy and offspring risk of childhood/adolescent depression: Results from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC).
Producing Parenthood: Islamic Bioethical Perspectives &amp; Normative Implications.
Epigenome-wide association study reveals a molecular signature of response to phylloquinone (vitamin K1) supplementation.
Bile canaliculi remodeling activates YAP via the actin cytoskeleton during liver regeneration.
Waist circumference increases risk of coronary heart disease: Evidence from a Mendelian randomization study.
A single nucleotide polymorphism within HOX Transcript Antisense RNA (HOTAIR) is associated with risk of psoriasis.
BK-Polyomavirus Nephropathy with Systemic Viral Spread: Whole Genome Sequencing Data from a Fatal Case of BKPyV Infection.
RNA-Seq analysis of genetic and transcriptome network effects of dual-trait selection for ethanol preference and withdrawal using SOT and NOT genetic models.
The SiaA/B/C/D signaling network regulates biofilm formation in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Influence of MRP3 Genetics and Hepatic Expression Ontogeny for Morphine Disposition in Neonatal and Pediatric Patients.
Cause-specific mortality in individuals with lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma/Waldenstrom macroglobulinaemia, 2000-2016.
Biological concepts in human sodium channel epilepsies and their relevance in clinical practice.
Fine-scale habitat heterogeneity and vole runways influence seed dispersal in Plagiobothrys nothofulvus.
Plasmid delivery by electroporation into fish skeletal muscle for recombinant protein secretion and uptake by oocytes.
A Genome-wide perspective on the persistence of red wolf ancestry in southeastern canids.
Promoter polymorphisms in the lncRNA-MIAT gene associated with acute myocardial infarction in Chinese Han population: a case-control study.
Genetic Background of Hypertension in Connective Tissue Diseases.
Screening and Functional Analysis of Hub MicroRNAs Related to Tumor Development in Colon Cancer.
Development and Validation of a 34-Gene Inherited Cancer Predisposition Panel Using Next-Generation Sequencing.
Adenotonsillectomy should be avoided whenever possible in infantile-onset Pompe disease.
A Tanzanian Boy with Molecularly Confirmed X-Linked Adrenoleukodystrophy.
Identifying orthologs with OMA: A primer.
Re-examining physician-scientist training through the prism of the discovery-invention cycle.
Biometric and genetic differences in kelabau ( Osteochilus spp.) as revealed using cytochrome c oxidase subunit 1.
IgG-Dependent Dismutation of Superoxide in Patients with Different Types of Multiple Sclerosis and Healthy Subjects.
The Role of Ubiquitin-Proteasome Pathway and Autophagy-Lysosome Pathway in Cerebral Ischemia.
CCBE1 promotes tumor lymphangiogenesis and is negatively regulated by TGFbeta signaling in colorectal cancer.
Genetic Diversity Studies and Identification of Molecular and Biochemical Markers Associated with Fusarium Wilt Resistance in Cultivated Faba Bean (Vicia faba).
CD154 Induces Interleukin-6 Secretion by Kidney Tubular Epithelial Cells under Hypoxic Conditions: Inhibition by Chloroquine.
A first checklist of macrofungi for South Africa.
New tight junction protein 2 variant causing progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis type 4 in adults: A case report.
The critical role of psychosine in screening, diagnosis, and monitoring of Krabbe disease.
Androgen receptor with short polyglutamine tract preferably enhances Wnt/beta-catenin-mediated prostatic tumorigenesis.
Drosophila ananassae: a species characterized by spontaneous male recombination in appreciable frequency.
First case of cystic fibrosis in Greenland - diagnosed by neonatal screening.
C-MET in intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma: High-Frequency amplification predicts protein expression and a unique molecular subtype.
Retraction notice to "Alterations in cytokine gene expression profile in colon mucosa of inflammatory bowel disease patients on different therapeutic regimens" [Cytokine 92 (2017) 12-19].
DNA sequence-specific ligands. XVIII. Synthesis, physico-chemical properties; genetic, virological, and biochemical studies of fluorescent dimeric bisbenzimidazoles DBPA(n).
The importance of FDG-PET/CT parameters for the assessment of the immune status in advanced HNSCC.
Symposium review: Animal welfare in free-walk systems in Europe.
Early genomic prediction of daughter pregnancy rate is associated with improved reproductive performance in Holstein dairy cows.
Harnessing the full potential of reproductive genetics and epigenetics for male infertility in the era of "big data".
50 Years Ago in TheJournalofPediatrics: Neurofibromatosis in Childhood.
Patterns of African and Asian admixture in the Afrikaner population of South Africa.
Unifying the essential concepts of biological networks: biological insights and philosophical foundations.
Differential contribution of sensory transient receptor potential channels in response to the bioactive lipid sphingosine-1-phosphate.
Clinical Characteristics of Moyamoya Angiopathy in a Pediatric Cohort.
Identification of three novel pathogenic ITGA2B and one novel pathogenic ITGB3 mutations in patients with hereditary Glanzmann \' s thrombasthenia living in Eastern Turkey.
Small adrenal incidentaloma becoming an aggressive adrenocortical carcinoma in a patient carrying a germline APC variant.
The Gene Balance Hypothesis: Epigenetics and Dosage Effects in Plants.
Plant-RRBS: DNA Methylome Profiling Adjusted to Plant Genomes, Utilizing Efficient Endonuclease Combinations, for Multi-Sample Studies.
MCSeEd (Methylation Context Sensitive Enzyme ddRAD): A New Method to Analyze DNA Methylation.
Preparation of Conjugates for Affibody-Based PNA-Mediated Pretargeting.
Poly(Lactic-co-Glycolic Acid) Nanoparticle Delivery of Peptide Nucleic Acids In Vivo.
Multi-Functional Carbon Dots from an Ayurvedic Medicinal Plant for Cancer Cell Bioimaging Applications.
Does the CD33 rs3865444 Polymorphism Confer Susceptibility to Alzheimer \' s Disease?
Infusion of Mesenchymal Stem Cells to Treat Graft Versus Host Disease: the Role of HLA-G and the Impact of its Polymorphisms.
CmCYC2-like transcription factors may interact with each other or bind to the promoter to regulate floral symmetry development in Chrysanthemum morifolium.
Increased prevalence of Barrett \' s esophagus in patients with MUTYH-associated polyposis (MAP).
Heritability and Sex-Specific Genetic Effects of Self-Reported Physical Activity in a Brazilian Highly Admixed Population.
Phylogenetic analysis confirms hepatitis C virus transmission among hemodialysis patients in Kosovo.
Glioblastoma in a fingolimod-treated multiple sclerosis patient: Causal or coincidental association?
Spanish allele and haplotype database for 32 X-chromosome Insertion-Deletion polymorphisms.
Estimation of Y haplotype frequencies with lower order dependencies.
The impact of chronic liver disease in patients receiving active pharmacological therapy for opioid use disorder: One-year findings from a prospective cohort study.
Microbe-microbe interactions during Clostridioides difficile infection.
Expansion of the phenotype of biallelic variants in TRIT1.
Development of high-throughput real-time PCR assays for the Colletotrichum acutatum detection on infected olive fruits and olive oils.
A Sticky Multinomial Mixture Model of Strand-Coordinated Mutational Processes in Cancer.
Association of FCN2 polymorphisms and Ficolin-2 levels with dengue fever in Vietnamese patients.
Transcriptome-wide and differential expression network analyses of childhood asthma in nasal epithelium.
Chemo- and biocatalytic esterification of marchantin A and cytotoxic activity of ester derivatives.
Evidence of circulation of West Nile virus in Culex pipiens mosquitoes and horses in Morocco.
Association Between Molecular Subtypes of Colorectal Tumors and Patient Survival, Based on Pooled Analysis of 7 International Studies.
ABCG5 and ABCG8 genetic variants in familial hypercholesterolemia.
Homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia in a young woman with dual gene mutations of low-density lipoprotein receptor and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9.
Inuit metabolism revisited: what drove the selective sweep of CPT1a L479?
Extracellular vesicles: Multi-signal messengers in the gametes/embryo-oviduct cross-talk.
Predictors of oral rotavirus vaccine immunogenicity in rural Zimbabwean infants.
Genetic Risk Underlying Psychiatric and Cognitive Symptoms in Huntington \' s Disease.
 \' Semen dilution effect \'  on sperm variables and conception rate in buffalo.
Body condition score, parity, shelter cleanliness and male proximity: Highly associated non-genetic factors with post-partum anestrus in Murrah buffalo in field conditions.
Multiple-endpoint genotoxicity assay for colon carcinogen 1,2-dimethylhydrazine.
Oxidative stress-mediated genotoxicity of malathion in human lymphocytes.
Revisiting the bacterial mutagenicity assays: Report by a workgroup of the International Workshops on Genotoxicity Testing (IWGT).
AMPK Complex Activation Promotes Sarcolemmal Repair in Dysferlinopathy.
Combination of PI3K and MEK inhibitors yields durable remission in PDX models of PIK3CA-mutated metaplastic breast cancers.
Cell-free DNA analysis reveals POLR1D-mediated resistance to bevacizumab in colorectal cancer.
neoANT-HILL: an integrated tool for identification of potential neoantigens.
Cumulative live birth rates according to the number of oocytes retrieved following the "freeze-all" strategy.
The Ckd. Qld fabRy Epidemiology (aCQuiRE) study protocol: identifying the prevalence of Fabry disease amongst patients with kidney disease in Queensland, Australia.
Opposing spatial trends in methylmercury and total mercury along a peatland chronosequence trophic gradient.
A novel variant in diaphanous homolog 1 (DIAPH1) as the cause of auditory neuropathy in a Chinese family.
The role of social support on the effects of stress and depression on African American tobacco and alcohol use.
EPB41L4A and LEP gene polymorphisms are associated with antipsychotic-induced QTc interval prolongation in Han Chinese.
Increased DSG2 plasmatic levels identified by transcriptomic-based secretome analysis is a potential prognostic biomarker in laryngeal carcinoma.
Regulation of Rice Tillering by RNA-directed DNA Methylation at Miniature Inverted-repeat Transposable Elements.
TOLs function as ubiquitin receptors in the early steps of the ESCRT pathway in higher plants.
A Bunyavirus-Inducible Ubiquitin Ligase Targets RNA Polymerase IV for Degradation during Viral Pathogenesis in Rice.
Circular RNA circUBA1 promotes gastric cancer proliferation and metastasis by acting as a competitive endogenous RNA through sponging miR-375 and regulating TEAD4.
Antimicrobial photodynamic therapy efficacy specific against periodontitis pathogen bacterial species.
Local expressions and function of Kiss1/GPR54 in goats \'  testes.
Profiling of mitochondrial genomes in SCA3/MJD patients from mainland China.
cADPR is a gene dosage-sensitive biomarker of SARM1 activity in healthy, compromised, and degenerating axons.
DNA and eDNA-based tracking of the North African sharptooth catfish Clarias gariepinus.
Free and hydrogel encapsulated exosome-based therapies in regenerative medicine.
The molecular mechanism of polymer formation of farnesylated human Guanylate Binding Protein 1.
DNA methylation editing by CRISPR-guided excision of 5-methylcytosine.
The Amyloid Inhibitor CLR01 Relieves Autophagy and Ameliorates Neuropathology in a Severe Lysosomal Storage Disease.
NullCanada: A novel alpha1-antitrypsin allele with in cis variants Glu366Lys and Ile100Asn.
Intestine, Heal Thyself! Regulating the Intestinal Epithelial Response to Injury.
Esophageal Stricture as a Complication After Scald Injury in Children.
Association of TP53 gene codon 72 polymorphism with Helicobacter pylori-positive non-cardia gastric cancer in Vietnam.
Comprehensive analysis of peptides and low molecular weight components of the giant ant Dinoponera quadriceps venom.
upd(20)mat is a rare cause of the Silver-Russell-syndrome-like phenotype: Two unrelated cases and screening of large cohorts.
The Association Between Etiology of Hepatocellular Carcinoma and Race-Ethnicity in Florida.
Prenatal diagnosis of congenital dislocated spine and complex heterotaxy syndrome with 3D ultrasound and helical computed tomography (helical CT).
Lentiginosis and cafe-au-lait macules as part of the phenotypic spectrum of PAX3-related disorders.
Zika virus infection studies with CD34+ hematopoietic and megakaryocyte-erythroid progenitors, red blood cells and platelets.
[Advances in the endotypes of chronic rhinosinusitis].
Risk factors for equine recurrent uveitis in a population of Appaloosa horses in western Canada.
Consequences of epigenetic de-repression in facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy.
Inflammatory bowel disease: between genetics and microbiota.
Founder Effects of Spinocerebellar Ataxias in the American Continents and the Caribbean.
Euwallacea perbrevis (Coleoptera: Curculionidae: Scolytinae), a confirmed pest on Acacia crassicarpa in Riau, Indonesia, and a new fungal symbiont; Fusarium rekanum sp. nov.
Correction to: Human Inborn Errors of Immunity: 2019 Update on the Classification from the International Union of Immunological Societies Expert Committee.
The fungal CCAAT-binding complex and HapX display highly variable but evolutionary conserved synergetic promoter-specific DNA recognition.
Transcriptomics of developmental fate.
Correction: Multi-trait single-step genomic prediction accounting for heterogeneous (co)variances over the genome.
HNRNPA1-induced spliceopathy in a transgenic mouse model of myotonic dystrophy.
Pathway-guided analysis identifies Myc-dependent alternative pre-mRNA splicing in aggressive prostate cancers.
Tumor neoantigenicity assessment with CSiN score incorporates clonality and immunogenicity to predict immunotherapy outcomes.
The people behind the papers - Chase Bryan and Kristen Kwan.
Splicing of enhancer-associated lincRNAs contributes to enhancer activity.
Relapse fated latent diagnosis subclones in acute B lineage leukaemia are drug tolerant and possess distinct metabolic programs.
Diagnostic exome sequencing in non-acquired focal epilepsies highlights a major role of GATOR1 complex genes.
Suppression of store-operated calcium entry causes dilated cardiomyopathy of the Drosophila heart.
X chromosome aneuploidy and micronuclei in fertile mares.
Redesigning small ruminant genomes with CRISPR toolkit: Overview and perspectives.
Comparison of selective acidolysis of xylan and enzymatic hydrolysability of cellulose in various lignocellulosic materials by a novel xylonic acid catalysis method.
Transition metal complexes with a novel guanine-based (E)-2-(2-(pyridin-2-ylmethylene)hydrazinyl)quinazolin-4(3H)-one: Synthesis, characterization, interaction with DNA and albumins and antioxidant activity.
Inherited motor-sensory neuropathy with upper limb predominance associated with the tropomyosin-receptor kinase fused gene.
Exosomes in disease: Epigenetic signals from the nervous system to the rest of the organism.
Characterization of heteromeric complexes between chemokine (C-X-C motif) receptor 4 and alpha1-adrenergic receptors utilizing intermolecular bioluminescence resonance energy transfer assays.
Atherosclerosis: orchestrating cells and biomolecules involved in its activation and inhibition.
Dietary plant flavonoids in prevention of obesity and diabetes.
The Promise of Improving Hepatocellular Carcinoma Treatment Responses through Translational Device Testing.
Repurposing the serotonin agonist Tegaserod as an anticancer agent in melanoma: molecular mechanisms and clinical implications.
Prune belly syndrome in surviving males can be caused by Hemizygous missense mutations in the X-linked Filamin A gene.
TUBB Variants Underlying Different Phenotypes Result in Altered Vesicle Trafficking and Microtubule Dynamics.
Using Transcriptomic Analysis to Assess Double-Strand Break Repair Activity: Towards Precise in vivo Genome Editing.
Multicenter External Validation of the Liverpool Uveal Melanoma Prognosticator Online: An OOG Collaborative Study.
CRISPR/Cas9-Mediated Mutagenesis of RCO in Cardamine hirsuta.
Animal, Fungi, and Plant Genome Sequences Harbor Different Non-Canonical Splice Sites.
Endophytic Bacterial Microbiome Diversity in Early Developmental Stage Plant Tissues of Wheat Varieties.
Transforming Ocean Conservation: Applying the Genetic Rescue Toolkit.
The Major Capsid Protein, VP1, of the Mouse Polyomavirus Stimulates the Activity of Tubulin Acetyltransferase 1 by Microtubule Stabilization.
An Oleanolic Acid Derivative Inhibits Hemagglutinin-Mediated Entry of Influenza A Virus.
Loss of Elongator- and KEOPS-Dependent tRNA Modifications Leads to Severe Growth Phenotypes and Protein Aggregation in Yeast.
Assessment of Genetic Diversity of the "Acquaviva Red Onion" (Allium cepa L.) Apulian Landrace.
CB1 Receptor-Dependent and Independent Induction of Lipolysis in Primary Rat Adipocytes by the Inverse Agonist Rimonabant (SR141716A).
The Impact of MNRI Therapy on the Levels of Neurotransmitters Associated with Inflammatory Processes.
Whole-exome sequencing of non-metastatic anal squamous cell carcinoma: a prognostic genetic variants analysis.
Expression of female sex hormone receptors, connective tissue growth factor, and HER2 in gallbladder cancer and adjacent normal tissue.
Somatic and germline genetic variants of gastric cancer in Russian patients identified by NGS.
A randomized, multicenter, phase 2 trial comparing CAPTEM versus FOLFIRI as second-line treatment for MGMT-methylated, RAS-mutated metastatic colorectal cancer patients.
Randomised trial of cetuximab every 2 weeks with FOLFIRI or cetuximab with alternating FOLFIRI/FOLFOX in patients with RAS and BRAF wild type metastatic colorectal cancer: Nordic 8 results.
Hand-foot syndrome is a biomarker of improved survival following treatment with capecitabine.
Emerging risk factors of recurrence and overall survival in a Swedish stage I-III colon cancer cohort.
Mutational profile of non-metastatic anal squamous cell carcinoma: a restrictive high impact genetic variants analysis.
Gallbladder cancer in Morocco: the epidemiological evidence.
Perturbation of fatty acids of erythrocyte membranes and blood serum in patients with colorectal cancer: new opportunities for diagnostics.
Adropin, nesfatin-1 and angiotensin II receptor expression in the abdominal aorta in ovariectomized rats after nesfatin-1 treatment.
Investigating the expression of ALS2 and ALS9 genes along with allele frequency of ALS9 in patients with vulvovaginal candidiasis.
Chorionic villus sampling: 10 years of experience in a University referral center.
What not to expect when you \' re expecting: Unusual cases of placental mosaicism detected on non-invasive prenatal screening.
Functional analysis of membrane vesicles of Listeria monocytogenes suggests a possible role in virulence and physiological stress response.
Radiation Associated Secondary Malignancies in BRCA Mutation Carriers Treated for Breast Cancer.
Cardiac ketone body metabolism.
Application of novel zinc oxide reinforced xanthan gum hybrid system for edible coatings.
Proteome array of antibody responses to Chlamydia trachomatis infection in nonhuman primates.
Prevalence and Clinical Features of Inflammatory Bowel Diseases Associated with Monogenic Variants, Identified by Whole-exome Sequencing in 1000 Children at a Single Center.
Predicted Loop Regions Promote Aggregation: A Study of Amyloidogenic Domains in the Functional Amyloid FapC.
Biofilm Bacteria Use Stress Responses to Detect and Respond to Competitors.
The Hydrophobic Patch Directs Cyclin B to Centrosomes to Promote Global CDK Phosphorylation at Mitosis.
The Plant Mitochondrial TAT Pathway Is Essential for Complex III Biogenesis.
Knocking out C9ORF72 Exacerbates Axonal Trafficking Defects Associated with Hexanucleotide Repeat Expansion and Reduces Levels of Heat Shock Proteins.
A Conserved Mito-Cytosolic Translational Balance Links Two Longevity Pathways.
WAPL-Dependent Repair of Damaged DNA Replication Forks Underlies Oncogene-Induced Loss of Sister Chromatid Cohesion.
Functional Heterogeneity within the Developing Zebrafish Epicardium.
If You Like It Then You Shoulda Put Two "RINGs" on It: Delineating the Roles of vPRC1 and cPRC1.
A Deep Learning Approach to Antibiotic Discovery.
A Quantitative Genetic Interaction Map of HIV Infection.
It \' s about Time: Insights into the Modes of Action of Antimalarials.
Mural Cell SDF1 Signaling is Associated with the Pathogenesis of Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.
Dynamic Construction, Perception, and Remodeling of Plant Cell Walls.
Signaling in the primary cilium through the lens of the Hedgehog pathway.
HelixComplex snail mucus as a potential technology against O3 induced skin damage.
Single-cell glycolytic activity regulates membrane tension and HIV-1 fusion.
Utilization of archived neonatal dried blood spots for genome-wide genotyping.
The stochastic nature of errors in next-generation sequencing of circulating cell-free DNA.
New evidence of bovine leukemia virus circulating in Myanmar cattle through epidemiological and molecular characterization.
Genetic associations between serum low LDL-cholesterol levels and variants in LDLR, APOB, PCSK9 and LDLRAP1 in African populations.
Serum lipopolysaccharide neutralizing capacity in ischemic stroke.
Evolution of Ty1 copy number control in yeast by horizontal transfer and recombination.
Identification of a novel base J binding protein complex involved in RNA polymerase II transcription termination in trypanosomes.
Genetics and major depressive disorder: clinical implications for disease risk, prognosis and treatment.
Molecular mechanisms of antibiotic co-resistance among carbapenem resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.
Epidemiology of Cytomegalovirus among pregnant women in Africa.
The roles of AIP and GPR101 in familial isolated pituitary adenomas (FIPA).
BMP 9/10 in Pulmonary Vascular Complications of Liver Disease.
Infrastructural Challenges Lead to Delay of Curative Radiotherapy in Nigeria.
[Dietary intake of children with cystic fibrosis].
Parallel adaptation to climate above the 35th parallel.
Systematic Use of Fluorescence in situ Hybridization (FISH) and Clinicopathological Features in the Screening of PDGFRB Rearrangements of Patients with Myeloid/Lymphoid Neoplasms.
Climate warming and heat waves alter harmful cyanobacterial blooms along the benthic-pelagic interface.
Nonparametric estimation of distributions and diagnostic accuracy based on group-tested results with differential misclassification.
Trends in Alcohol-Induced Deaths in the United States, 2000-2016.
The hTERT core promoter forms three parallel G-quadruplexes.
Functional analysis reveals G/U pairs critical for replication and trafficking of an infectious non-coding viroid RNA.
Oxytocin Alleviates MPTP-Induced Neurotoxicity in Mice by Targeting MicroRNA-26a/Death-Associated Protein Kinase 1 Pathway.
Advanced Glycation End Product Accumulation is Associated with Lower Cognitive Performance in an Older General Population: The Nagahama Study.
Evaluation of paraneoplastic antigens reveals TRIM21 autoantibodies as biomarker for early detection of ovarian cancer in combination with autoantibodies to NY-ESO-1 and TP53.
Rapid sex-specific adaptation to high temperature in Drosophila.
Reclassification into very-high cardiovascular risk after carotid ultrasound in patients with axial spondyloarthritis.
Cellular immune responses in amniotic fluid of women with preterm prelabor rupture of membranes.
From cause to care: Can a triple approach to better population data improve the global outlook of congenital heart disease?
Phenotypic expansion of KMT2D-related disorder: Beyond Kabuki syndrome.
Genetic variants in rheumatic fever and rheumatic heart disease.
QTL pyramiding for producing nutritious and safe rice grains.
Introduction to the special issue on "Genetic Screening and Testing".
Behavioral phenotype of 49,XXXXY syndrome: Presence of anxiety-related symptoms and intact social awareness.
The state of congenital heart disease.
Reelin signaling modulates GABAB receptor function in the neocortex.
Telomere maintenance in interplay with DNA repair in pathogenesis and treatment of colorectal cancer.
Longitudinal measures of RNA expression and disease activity in FSHD muscle biopsies.
Examining Gene-Environment Interactions Using Aggregate Scores in a First-Episode Psychosis Cohort.
Genomic analyses reveal distinct genetic architectures and selective pressures in buffaloes.
Mismatch repair dependence of replication stress-associated DSB recognition and repair.
Progressive brainstem pathology in motor neuron diseases: Imaging data from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and primary lateral sclerosis.
Global Analysis of Alternative Splicing Difference in Peripheral Immune Organs between Tongcheng Pigs and Large White Pigs Artificially Infected with PRRSV In Vivo.
Mechanical Regulation of Protein Translation in the Cardiovascular System.
The Generation of Dynein Networks by Multi-Layered Regulation and Their Implication in Cell Division.
ERas Enhances Resistance to Cisplatin-Induced Apoptosis by Suppressing Autophagy in Gastric Cancer Cell.
A Case of Congenital Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus Caused by Thr108Met Variant of Aquaporin 2.
Pure Red Cell Aplasia with Del(20q) Sensitive for Immunosuppressive Treatment.
Candidate Genes Associated with Delayed Neuropsychomotor Development and Seizures in a Patient with Ring Chromosome 20.
FibroAtlas: A Database for the Exploration of Fibrotic Diseases and Their Genes.
Evaluating sustainability in the Childhood Obesity Research Demonstration project: the model and process.
The investigative burden of membranous nephropathy in the UK.
Genetics in Cardiovascular Disease.
Discovering Novel Biochemical and Genetic Markers for Coronary Heart Disease in Qatari Individuals: The Initiative Qatar Cardiovascular Biorepository.
Correction: P-cadherin mutations are associated with high basal Wnt activity and stemness in canine mammary tumor cell lines.
Role of Caveolin-1 in Diabetes and Its Complications.
Hybrid dysgenesis in Drosophila virilis results in clusters of mitotic recombination and loss-of-heterozygosity but leaves meiotic recombination unaltered.
Can-Seq: a PCR and DNA sequencing strategy for identifying new alleles of known and candidate genes.
Clinically Actionable Insights into Initial and Matched Recurrent Glioblastomas to Inform Novel Treatment Approaches.
Genome-Wide DNA Methylation Patterns in Persistent Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and in Association With Impulsive and Callous Traits.
RNase H1 Regulates Mitochondrial Transcription and Translation via the Degradation of 7S RNA.
Increased Production of alpha-Linolenic Acid in Soybean Seeds by Overexpression of Lesquerella FAD3-1.
High- and Low-Affinity Transport in Plants From a Thermodynamic Point of View.
Human Pathogen Colonization of Lettuce Dependent Upon Plant Genotype and Defense Response Activation.
GmWRKY45 Enhances Tolerance to Phosphate Starvation and Salt Stress, and Changes Fertility in Transgenic Arabidopsis.
Boosting Natural Killer Cell-Mediated Targeting of Sarcoma Through DNAM-1 and NKG2D.
Association of Novel Streptococcus sanguinis Virulence Factors With Pathogenesis in a Native Valve Infective Endocarditis Model.
Persistent Feeding and Swallowing Deficits in a Mouse Model of 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome.
Fermented Animal Source Protein as Substitution of Fishmeal on Intestinal Microbiota, Immune-Related Cytokines and Resistance to Vibrio mimicus in Freshwater Crayfish (Cherax cainii).
Two Novel Loci of RELN Associated With Antipsychotics Response in Chinese Han Population.
Bactericidal Activity of Lipid-Shelled Nitric Oxide-Loaded Microbubbles.
Structural Variants May Be a Source of Missing Heritability in sALS.
Corrigendum: Alterations of the Gut Microbiota in Multiple System Atrophy Patients.
Corrigendum: 2-Pyrrolidinone and Succinimide as Clinical Screening Biomarkers for GABA-Transaminase Deficiency: Anti-seizure Medications Impact Accurate Diagnosis.
MicroRNA Expression in Cutaneous Lupus: A New Window to Understand Its Pathogenesis.
Hints for Genetic and Clinical Differentiation of Adult-Onset Monogenic Autoinflammatory Diseases.
Tori in a Malaysian population: Morphological and ethnic variations.
An exonic insertion in the NAGLU gene causing Mucopolysaccharidosis IIIB in Schipperke dogs.
Biomolecular analyses reveal the age, sex and species identity of a near-intact Pleistocene bird carcass.
X-ray structure of LeuT in an inward-facing occluded conformation reveals mechanism of substrate release.
Author Correction: Integrating standardized whole genome sequence analysis with a global Mycobacterium tuberculosis antibiotic resistance knowledgebase.
Publisher Correction: Integrating yeast chemical genomics and mammalian cell pathway analysis.
Author Correction: Deubiquitinase Usp12 functions noncatalytically to induce autophagy and confer neuroprotection in models of Huntington \' s disease.
Investigating cone photoreceptor development using patient-derived NRL null retinal organoids.
Ancestry inference and admixture component estimations of Chinese Kazak group based on 165 AIM-SNPs via NGS platform.
A Munc18-1 mutant mimicking phosphorylation by Down Syndrome-related kinase Dyrk1a supports normal synaptic transmission and promotes recovery after intense activity.
World Trade Center-Cardiorespiratory and Vascular Dysfunction: Assessing the Phenotype and Metabolome of a Murine Particulate Matter Exposure Model.
Purging of highly deleterious mutations through severe bottlenecks in Alpine ibex.
Optogenetic modulation of TDP-43 oligomerization accelerates ALS-related pathologies in the spinal motor neurons.
Publisher Correction: Enhanced beta-adrenergic signalling underlies an age-dependent beneficial metabolic effect of PI3K p110alpha inactivation in adipose tissue.
Somatic mosaicism and common genetic variation contribute to the risk of very-early-onset inflammatory bowel disease.
Effect of vitamin D3 on the immunomodulation of head kidney after Edwardsiella ictaluri challenge in yellow catfish (Pelteobagrus fulvidraco).
A unique immune signature of serum cytokine and chemokine dynamics in patients with zika virus infection from a tropical region in Southern Mexico.
Towards personalization of asthma treatment according to trigger factors.
Anti-influenza virus phytochemicals from Radix Paeoniae Alba and characterization of their neuraminidase inhibitory activities.
Towards a Comprehensive Theory of Obesity and a Healthy Diet: The Causal Role of Oxidative Stress in Food Addiction and Obesity.
BAZ1B is a candidate gene responsible for hypothyroidism in Williams syndrome.
Loeys-Dietz Syndrome Presented with Giant Bullae and Asthma.
Identification of key genes related to seedlessness by genome-wide detection of structural variation and transcriptome analysis in  \' Shijiwuhe \'  pear.
Urinary TERT promoter mutations are detectable up to 10 years prior to clinical diagnosis of bladder cancer: Evidence from the Golestan Cohort Study.
An Overview of Craniosynostosis Craniofacial Syndromes for Combined Orthodontic and Surgical Management.
Pan-Asian adapted ESMO Clinical Practice Guidelines for the management of patients with early breast cancer: a KSMO-ESMO initiative endorsed by CSCO, ISMPO, JSMO, MOS, SSO and TOS.
MicroRNAs as potential predictors of extreme response to tyrosine kinase inhibitors in renal cell cancer.
Whole Exome Sequencing Identifies Candidate Genes Associated with Hereditary Predisposition to Uveal Melanoma.
Identification of expanded repeats in NOTCH2NLC in neurodegenerative dementias.
Corrigendum to "Endurance training improves plasma superoxide dismutase activity in healthy elderly" [Mechanisms of Ageing and Development 185 (2020) 111190].
CLP1 acts as the main RNA kinase in mice.
Invasive phenotype induced by low extracellular pH requires mitochondria dependent metabolic flexibility.
Corrigendum to High Keratin 8/18 Ratio Predicts Aggressive Hepatocellular Cancer Phenotype12 [Translational Oncology Volume 12, Issue 2, February 2019, Pages 256-268].
Editor-in-Chief \' s Top Picks From 2019.
Gibberellin recovers seed germination in rice with impaired brassinosteroid signalling.
Interplay between 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid, gamma-aminobutyrate and D-glucose in the regulation of high nitrate-induced root growth inhibition in maize.
GmNAC8 acts as a positive regulator in soybean drought stress.
Selective detection of pyrophosphate anion by zinc ensemble of C3-symmetric triaminoguanidine-pyrrole conjugate and its biosensing applications.
Photosensitizer-based multimodal nanocomposites as a theranostic agent for near infrared (NIR)-guided cancer-targeting synergistic chemo-phototherapy.
Structural diversity of the cardenolide calotropin renders it as a targeted therapy for harnessing TNBC progression through tuning nitric oxide (NO) levels.
NetF-producing Clostridium perfringens and its associated diseases in dogs and foals.
beta-Amyrin supplementation ameliorates the toxic effect of glycerol in the kidney of rat model.
How to link genomics to physiology through epigenomics.
Dynamic N6-methyladenosine RNA methylation in brain and diseases.
Combined lung and liver transplantation for short telomere syndrome.
Acute alcohol withdrawal and recovery in men lead to profound changes in DNA methylation profiles - a longitudinal clinical study.
Genetics of fetal growth restriction-Isolated is not syndromic: Comments on the paper entitled "Genetic syndromes associated with isolated fetal growth restriction" published in Prenatal Diagnosis, DOI: 10.1002/pd.5635.
A 20-year long term experience of the Italian Diamond-Blackfan Anaemia Registry: RPS and RPL genes, different faces of the same disease?
Anti-myeloma potential of ruxolitinib in co-existing JAK2V617F-positive smouldering myeloma and polycythaemia vera.
A small-molecule CD44 dimerizing inhibitor for glioblastoma treatment.
Translational Genomics in Neurocritical Care: a Review.
Advantages and Perils of Clinical Whole-Exome and Whole-Genome Sequencing in Cardiomyopathy.
Cells Isolated from Regenerating Caudal Fin of Sparus aurata Can Differentiate into Distinct Bone Cell Lineages.
Sox11 is an Activity-Regulated Gene with Dentate-Gyrus-Specific Expression Upon General Neural Activation.
An intellectual disability syndrome with single-nucleotide variants in O-GlcNAc transferase.
Genome-wide association study of angioedema induced by angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor and angiotensin receptor blocker treatment.
H-Ferritin is essential for macrophages \'  capacity to store or detoxify exogenously added iron.
Impaired mitophagy links mitochondrial disease to epithelial stress in methylmalonyl-CoA mutase deficiency.
Author Correction: Genomic risk score offers predictive performance comparable to clinical risk factors for ischaemic stroke.
Jouvence a small nucleolar RNA required in the gut extends lifespan in Drosophila.
Collaborative interactions of heterogenous ribonucleoproteins contribute to transcriptional regulation of sterol metabolism in mice.
Association between neuropathic pain characteristics and DNA methylation of transient receptor potential ankyrin 1 in human peripheral blood.
Clinicopathological characteristics and prognostic value of POLE mutations in endometrial cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Variants in the 8q24 region associated with risk of breast cancer: Systematic research synopsis and meta-analysis.
Association between ABCB1 (3435C&gt;T) polymorphism and susceptibility of colorectal cancer: A meta-analysis.
The circ_VCAN with radioresistance contributes to the carcinogenesis of glioma by regulating microRNA-1183.
The splice c.1815G&gt;A variant in KIAA0586 results in a phenotype bridging short-rib-polydactyly and oral-facial-digital syndrome: A case report and literature review.
Therapeutic management of stroke-like episodes varies from that of encephalitis.
Computer-aided diagnosis of isocitrate dehydrogenase genotypes in glioblastomas from radiomic patterns.
Network and pathway-based analyses of genes associated with osteoporosis.
Tamoxifen-related endocrine symptoms in Chinese patients with breast cancer: Study protocol clinical trial (SPIRIT Compliant).
Contribution of COMT and BDNF Genotype and Expression to the Risk of Transition from Acute to Chronic Low Back Pain.
Beta-Spectrin Deletion Responsible for Hereditary Spherocytosis: When New Technologies Are Not the Key to Success.
North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition Position Paper on the Evaluation and Management for Patients With Very Early-onset Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Somatic Mutation Profile of Atypical Fibroxanthoma and Cutaneous Undifferentiated Pleomorphic Sarcoma.
Vertebrate diapause preserves organisms long term through Polycomb complex members.
Conservationists deserve protection.
CUX1 and IkappaBzeta (NFKBIZ) mediate the synergistic inflammatory response to TNF and IL-17A in stromal fibroblasts.
Targeted genotyping of circulating tumor DNA for classical Hodgkin Lymphoma monitoring: a prospective study.
Exome sequencing reveals heterogeneous clonal dynamics in donor cell myeloid neoplasms after stem cell transplantation.
Differential response to pallidal deep brain stimulation among monogenic dystonias: systematic review and meta-analysis.
MDM2 and MDMX promote ferroptosis by PPARalpha-mediated lipid remodeling.
Cardiotoxicity of trastuzumab given for 12 months compared to shorter treatment periods: a systematic review and meta-analysis of six clinical trials.
Rationale and design of the POLEM trial: avelumab plus fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy as adjuvant treatment for stage III mismatch repair deficient or POLE exonuclease domain mutant colon cancer: a phase III randomised study.
Thyroid function in preterm infants and neurodevelopment at 2 years.
Cytosine Methylation Affects the Mutability of Neighbouring Nucleotides in Germline and Soma.
Acromegaly with congenital generalized lipodystrophy - two rare insulin resistance conditions in one patient: a case report.
A framework for transcriptome-wide association studies in breast cancer in diverse study populations.
An inducible Cre mouse line to sparsely target nervous system cells, including Remak Schwann cells.
Author Correction: Interaction between the microbiome and TP53 in human lung cancer.
Deficient of LRRC8A attenuates hypoxia-induced necrosis in 3T3-L1 cells.
Intracytoplasmic sperm injection and fetal origins of autism spectrum disorder: an intriguing, though controversial association.
The Unusual Properties of the AAV Inverted Terminal Repeat.
Regulation of Ammonium Cellular Levels is An Important Adaptive Trait for the Euhalophytic Behavior of Salicornia europaea.
In Vitro Zika Virus Infection of Human Neural Progenitor Cells: Meta-Analysis of RNA-Seq Assays.
Group 2 Innate Lymphoid Cells: Central Players in a Recurring Theme of Repair and Regeneration.
The Rho/Rac Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factor Vav1 Regulates Hif-1alpha and Glut-1 Expression and Glucose Uptake in the Brain.
Quantitative Approach to Fragmented QRS in Arrhythmogenic Cardiomyopathy: From Disease towards Asymptomatic Carriers of Pathogenic Variants.
Non-Coding RNAs in Adrenocortical Cancer: From Pathogenesis to Diagnosis.
Xenobiotics, Trace Metals and Genetics in the Pathogenesis of Tauopathies.
Analysis of Long Non-Coding RNAs and mRNAs Associated with Lactation in the Crop of Pigeons (Columba livia).
Winter Cultivation and Nano Fertilizers Improve Yield Components and Antioxidant Traits of Dragon \' s Head (Lallemantia iberica (M.B.) Fischer &amp; Meyer).
Perillaldehyde 1,2-epoxide Loaded SLN-Tailored mAb: Production, Physicochemical Characterization and In Vitro Cytotoxicity Profile in MCF-7 Cell Lines.
Exon-4 Mutations in KRAS Affect MEK/ERK and PI3K/AKT Signaling in Human Multiple Myeloma Cell Lines.
Nitric oxide, 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine, and total antioxidant capacity in human seminal plasma of infertile men and their relationship with sperm parameters.
The auxin-inducible phosphate transporter AsPT5 mediates phosphate transport and is indispensable for arbuscule formation in Chinese milk vetch at moderately high phosphate supply.
Generation of patient-specific pluripotent induced stem cell line SDUBMSI002-A from a patient with X-linked mental retardation syndrome.
CmMYB8 encodes an R2R3 MYB transcription factor which represses lignin and flavonoid synthesis in chrysanthemum.
Diethylstilbestrol exposure disrupts mouse oocyte meiotic maturation in vitro through affecting spindle assembly and chromosome alignment.
Assessment of the cytotoxic and genotoxic potential of pillar[5]arene derivatives by Allium cepa roots and Drosophila melanogaster haemocytes.
Can risk stratification help reduce negative appendicectomy rates?
Bacterial Nucleoside Catabolism Controls Quorum Sensing and Commensal-to-Pathogen Transition in the Drosophila Gut.
The New Biology as an Example of Newspeak: The Case of Polish Zoology, 1948-1956.
[Osteoid-forming bone tumors : Morphology and current translational cell biology].
Pro-inflammatory activation following demyelination is required for myelin clearance and oligodendrogenesis.
Could perturbed fetal development of the ovary contribute to the development of polycystic ovary syndrome in later life?
Planarian EGF repeat-containing genes megf6 and hemicentin are required to restrict the stem cell compartment.
Osteoclast-derived IGF1 is required for pagetic lesion formation in vivo.
Muscle derived interleukin-6 increases exercise capacity by signaling in osteoblasts.
Prostate tumor-derived GDF11 accelerates androgen deprivation therapy-induced sarcopenia.
Time to Rethink the Genetic Architecture of Long QT Syndrome.
Variant Frequency and Clinical Phenotype Call Into Question the Nature of Minor, Nonsyndromic Long-QT Syndrome-Susceptibility Gene-Disease Associations.
Non-Invasive In Vivo Assessment of Cardiac Metabolism in the Healthy and Diabetic Human Heart Using Hyperpolarized 13C MRI.
Pkm2 Regulates Cardiomyocyte Cell Cycle and Promotes Cardiac Regeneration.
Genetic Susceptibility for Atrial Fibrillation in Patients Undergoing Atrial Fibrillation Ablation.
Cancer Informatics for Cancer Centers (CI4CC): Building a Community Focused on Sharing Ideas and Best Practices to Improve Cancer Care and Patient Outcomes.
What Could Go Wrong? A Practical Guide to Single-Particle Cryo-EM: From Biochemistry to Atomic Models.
Double-chambered right ventricle complicated by hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy diagnosed as Noonan syndrome.
Dysregulation of miRNAs as a signature for diagnosis and prognosis of gastric cancer and their involvement in the mechanism underlying gastric carcinogenesis and progression.
Comparison of differentiation gene batteries for migratory mechanosensory neurons across bilaterians.
Partial remission in Brazilian children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Association with a haplotype of class II human leukocyte antigen and synthesis of autoantibodies.
A novel nicastrin mutation in a three generation Dutch family with hidradenitis suppurativa: a search for functional significance.
Sunao Tawara : further musings on his tribulations in providing the basis for the modern-day understanding of cardiac electrophysiology.
Meeting report on the 2019 international symposium of molecular design breeding in animals (Yangling, China) with the consensus on genome-editing agricultural animals and their regulation.
Pollen limitation in a single year is not compensated by future reproduction.
Implementation of RNA sequencing and array CGH in the diagnostic workflow of the AIEOP-BFM ALL 2017 trial on acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
The genome of Shaw \' s sea snake (Hydrophis curtus) reveals secondary adaptation to its marine environment.
A minimum set of regulators to thrive in the ocean.
The HOPS Complex Subunit VPS39 controls ciliogenesis through autophagy.
Identification of an amino-terminus determinant critical for ryanodine receptor/Ca2+ release channel function.
Genome-wide assessment of genetic risk for systemic lupus erythematosus and disease severity.
Genome-wide association study on coronary artery disease in type 1 diabetes suggests beta-defensin 127 as a risk locus.
The hippocampus encodes delay and value information during delay-discounting decision making.
Envisioning Implementation of a Personalized Approach in Breast Cancer Screening Programs: Stakeholder Perspectives.
Study on the admission levels of circulating cell-free DNA in patients with acute myocardial infarction using different quantification methods.
Efficient Estimation and Applications of Cross-Validated Genetic Predictions to Polygenic Risk Scores and Linear Mixed Models.
DNA 5-Methylcytosine Specific Amplification and Sequencing.
Social, neurodevelopmental, endocrine, and head size differences associated with atypical deletions in Williams-Beuren syndrome.
A cornucopia of mutants for understanding plant embryo development.
Homozygous in-frame variant of SCL6A3 causes dopamine transporter deficiency syndrome in a consanguineous family.
Prospects for sustainability of pig production in relation to climate change and novel feed resources.
The trnL (UAA)-trnF (GAA) intergenic spacer is a robust marker of green pea (Pisum sativum L.) adulteration in the economically valuable pistachio nuts (Pistachia vera L.).
European Position Paper on Rhinosinusitis and Nasal Polyps 2020.
EFFECTS OF STANDARD VERSUS VERY LONG ROUX LIMB ROUX-EN-Y GASTRIC BYPASS ON NUTRIENT STATUS: A 1 YEAR FOLLOW-UP REPORT FROM THE DUCATI STUDY.
Discovery and Characterization of a PKS-NRPS Hybrid in Aspergillus terreus by Genome Mining.
Efficient and Cost-effective 3D Cellular Imaging by Sub-voxel-resolving Light-sheet Add-on Microscopy.
Transcriptome analysis reveals the difference between "healthy" and "common" aging and their connection with age-related diseases.
Atopic dermatitis in a cohort of West Highland white terriers in Switzerland. Part II: estimates of early life factors and heritability.
Aberrant expression of miR-29b-3p influences heart development and cardiomyocyte proliferation by targeting NOTCH2.
Evaluating a genetic counseling narrative group session for people who have tested positive for the Huntington \' s disease expansion: An interpretative phenomenological analysis.
Genotype-phenotype correlation in a novel ABHD12 mutation underlying PHARC syndrome.
The COP9 signalosome mediates the Spt23 regulated fatty acid desaturation and ergosterol biosynthesis.
Osmotic stress inhibits leaf growth of Arabidopsis thaliana by enhancing ARF-mediated auxin responses.
Microplastics in freshwater fish from Central European lowland river (Widawa R., SW Poland).
Differences in Baseline Characteristics and White Blood Cell Ratios Between Racial Groups in Patients with Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma.
New set of microsatellite markers for the Great-billed Seed-finch (Sporophila maximiliani - Passeriformes: Thraupidae): tools for inspection and conservation.
Factors affecting wool characteristics of sheep reared in Kashmir.
Familial analysis reveals rare risk variants for migraine in regulatory regions.
Decoding a highly mixed Kazakh genome.
Teicoplanin biosynthesis: unraveling the interplay of structural, regulatory, and resistance genes.
Carbon content in airway macrophages and genomic instability in Chinese carbon black packers.
High-Level Expression of Alkaline Phosphatase by Adeno-Associated Virus Vector Ameliorates Pathological Bone Structure in a Hypophosphatasia Mouse Model.
Knock down of GmVQ58 encoding a VQ motif-containing protein enhances soybean resistance to the common cutworm (Spodoptera litura Fabricius).
Disrupted gene networks in subfertile hybrid house mice.
Evaluation of equine rectal inoculum as representative of the microbial activities within the horse hindgut using a fully-automated in vitro gas production technique system.
Plasma lipids and risk of aortic valve stenosis: a Mendelian randomization study.
Pathogenic siderophore ABC importer YbtPQ adopts a surprising fold of exporter.
Forged by DXZ4, FIRRE, and ICCE: How Tandem Repeats Shape the Active and Inactive X Chromosome.
Regulation of E3 ubiquitin ligases by homotypic and heterotypic assembly.
The influence of host genetics on the microbiome.
The role of geography, environment, and genetic divergence on the distribution of pikas in the Himalaya.
Estimating the inbreeding level and genetic relatedness in an isolated population of critically endangered Sichuan taimen (Hucho Bleekeri) using genome-wide SNP markers.
Important role of genetic drift in rapid polygenic adaptation.
Functional Characterization of a Missense Variant of MLH1 Identified in Lynch Syndrome Pedigree.
Identification of Protein Expression Changes in Hepatocellular Carcinoma through iTRAQ.
Tissue Infiltrating Immune Cells as Prognostic Biomarkers in Endometrial Cancer: A Meta-Analysis.
Implementation of Pharmacogenetics in Primary Care: A Multi-Stakeholder Perspective.
FHLdb: A Comprehensive Database on the Molecular Basis of Familial Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis.
NF-kappaB Duplications in the Promoter-Variant HIV-1C LTR Impact Inflammation Without Altering Viral Replication in the Context of Simian Human Immunodeficiency Viruses and Opioid-Exposure.
Single-cell and spatial transcriptomics reveal somitogenesis in gastruloids.
Modified bugs boost bee health.
Optogenetic control of single mRNA spatiotemporal dynamics.
Molecular mapping and identification of quantitative trait loci for domestication traits in the field cress (Lepidium campestre L.) genome.
Aberrant RAG-mediated recombination contributes to multiple structural rearrangements in lymphoid blast crisis of chronic myeloid leukemia.
SF3B1 mutations induce R-loop accumulation and DNA damage in MDS and leukemia cells with therapeutic implications.
Response to racial association and pharmacotherapy in neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome: thinking beyond genetics.
Racial association and pharmacotherapy in neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome: thinking beyond genetics.
Racial differences in contribution of prepregnancy obesity and excessive gestational weight gain to large-for-gestational-age neonates.
Author Correction: Revealing the complex genetic structure of cultivated amaryllis (Hippeastrum hybridum) using transcriptome-derived microsatellite markers.
Bluephage, a method for efficient detection of somatic coliphages in one hundred milliliter water samples.
Abundance of mobile genetic elements in an Acinetobacter lwoffii strain isolated from Transylvanian honey sample.
Fisetin protects against cardiac cell death through reduction of ROS production and caspases activity.
Associations between brain inflammatory profiles and human neuropathology are altered based on apolipoprotein E epsilon4 genotype.
Genome-wide association mapping for dominance effects in female fertility using real and simulated data from Danish Holstein cattle.
A genetic analysis identifies a haplotype at adiponectin locus: Association with obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Stathmin expression associates with vascular and immune responses in aggressive breast cancer subgroups.
Impact of water deficit stress in maize: Phenology and yield components.
REEP5 depletion causes sarco-endoplasmic reticulum vacuolization and cardiac functional defects.
Microcystin-LR ameliorates pulmonary fibrosis via modulating CD206+ M2-like macrophage polarization.
BRCAness, SLFN11, and RB1 loss predict response to topoisomerase I inhibitors in triple-negative breast cancers.
The HLA-A03 supertype and several Pan species \'  MHC-A allotypes share a preference for binding positively charged residues in the F pocket: implications for controlling retroviral infections.
The African Swine Fever Virus Transcriptome.
Assessing aneuploidy with repetitive element sequencing.
Competition for delivery of profilin-actin to barbed ends limits the rate of formin-mediated actin filament elongation.
Trypanosoma brucei Pex13.2 Is an Accessory Peroxin That Functions in the Import of Peroxisome Targeting Sequence Type 2 Proteins and Localizes to Subdomains of the Glycosome.
Assembly of Mitochondrial Complex I Requires the Low-Complexity Protein AMC1 in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
Drug Resistance Evolution in HIV in the Late 1990s: Hard Sweeps, Soft Sweeps, Clonal Interference and the Accumulation of Drug Resistance Mutations.
Cooperation of the ATM and Fanconi Anemia/BRCA Pathways in Double-Strand Break End Resection.
A Two-Layered Targeting Mechanism Underlies Nuclear RNA Sorting by the Human Exosome.
The Human Cytomegalovirus pUL145 Isoforms Act as Viral DDB1-Cullin-Associated Factors to Instruct Host Protein Degradation to Impede Innate Immunity.
OTULIN Prevents Liver Inflammation and Hepatocellular Carcinoma by Inhibiting FADD- and RIPK1 Kinase-Mediated Hepatocyte Apoptosis.
Toll-like Receptor 2 Facilitates Oxidative Damage-Induced Retinal Degeneration.
Glioma-Derived miRNA-Containing Extracellular Vesicles Induce Angiogenesis by Reprogramming Brain Endothelial Cells.
An Evolutionary Insertion in the Mxra8 Receptor-Binding Site Confers Resistance to Alphavirus Infection and Pathogenesis.
Type I Interferon Response Dysregulates Host Iron Homeostasis and Enhances Candida glabrata Infection.
Regulatory Dynamics of Tet1 and Oct4 Resolve Stages of Global DNA Demethylation and Transcriptomic Changes in Reprogramming.
HIRA, a DiGeorge Syndrome Candidate Gene, Confers Proper Chromatin Accessibility on HSCs and Supports All Stages of Hematopoiesis.
Renal Purge of Hemolymphatic Lipids Prevents the Accumulation of ROS-Induced Inflammatory Oxidized Lipids and Protects Drosophila from Tissue Damage.
Towards a European health research and innovation cloud (HRIC).
A chromosomal connectome for psychiatric and metabolic risk variants in adult dopaminergic neurons.
Mucopolysaccharidosis type VI: case report with first neonatal presentation with ascites fetalis and rapidly progressive cardiac manifestation.
Arabidopsis RNA Polymerase IV generates 21-22 nucleotide small RNAs that can participate in RNA-directed DNA methylation and may regulate genes.
sRNA/L1 retrotransposition: using siRNAs and miRNAs to expand the applications of the cell culture-based LINE-1 retrotransposition assay.
Human transposon insertion profiling by sequencing (TIPseq) to map LINE-1 insertions in single cells.
Transposable elements have contributed human regulatory regions that are activated upon bacterial infection.
Contribution of unfixed transposable element insertions to human regulatory variation.
Substantially adaptive potential in polyploid cyprinid fishes: evidence from biogeographic, phylogenetic and genomic studies.
Wind conditions influence breeding season movements in a nomadic polygynous shorebird.
Epigenetic aspects of multiple sclerosis and future therapeutic options.
Establishing molecular signatures of stroke focusing on omic approaches: A narrative review.
Novel Aspects of Genetics, Molecular Biology and Clinical Oncology of Sarcomas.
[Clinicopathological characteristics, MSI and K-ras gene mutations of double primary malignancies associated with colorectal cancer].
MEG3 Promotes Differentiation of Porcine Satellite Cells by Sponging miR-423-5p to Relieve Inhibiting Effect on SRF.
Addition of Partial Envelope Domain II into Envelope Domain III of Dengue Virus Antigen Potentiates the Induction of Virus-Neutralizing Antibodies and Induces Protective Immunity.
Overexpression of the High-Affinity Nitrate Transporter OsNRT2.3b Driven by Different Promoters in Barley Improves Yield and Nutrient Uptake Balance.
Influence of Residualizing Properties of the Radiolabel on Radionuclide Molecular Imaging of HER3 Using Affibody Molecules.
"Balancing Expectations with Actual Realities": Conversations with Clinicians and Scientists in the First Year of a High-Risk Childhood Cancer Precision Medicine Trial.
Extracellular Vesicle microRNAs Contribute to the Osteogenic Inhibition of Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Multiple Myeloma.
Transactivation of miR-202-5p by Steroidogenic Factor 1 (SF1) Induces Apoptosis in Goat Granulosa Cells by Targeting TGFbetaR2.
The Oviductal Extracellular Vesicles \'  RNA Cargo Regulates the Bovine Embryonic Transcriptome.
Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus (PEDV) ORF3 Enhances Viral Proliferation by Inhibiting Apoptosis of Infected Cells.
A Novel Micronutrient Blend Mimics Calorie Restriction Transcriptomics in Multiple Tissues of Mice and Increases Lifespan and Mobility in C. elegans.
Cbx2, a PcG Family Gene, Plays a Regulatory Role in Medaka Gonadal Development.
PPP2R5D-Related Intellectual Disability and Neurodevelopmental Delay: A Review of the Current Understanding of the Genetics and Biochemical Basis of the Disorder.
Genetic Dissection of Germinability under Low Temperature by Building a Resequencing Linkage Map in japonica Rice.
De novo NIPBL Mutations in Vietnamese Patients with Cornelia de Lange Syndrome.
Current Trends in Diagnostics of Viral Infections of Unknown Etiology.
[Effect of CASC19 on proliferation, apoptosis and radiation sensitivity of cervical cancer cells by regulating miR-449b-5p expression].
[Progress in molecular genetics of Ewing and Ewing-like sarcoma].
[The value of BRAF V600E gene detection in thyroid cytological diagnosis via a large population].
[Clinicopathological features of T-lymphoblastic lymphoma with Langerhans cell histiocytosis in the same lymph node].
[Analysis of drug resistance pattern and genes of Salmonella.spp isolated from human infections in Anhui Province].
[Etiology and epidemiological characteristics of gastroenteritis virus in food-borne diarrhea from three cities in Shandong Province, 2017].
Corrigendum to "Discovery of new azoles with potent activity against Candida spp. and Candida albicans biofilms through virtual screening" [Eur. J. Med. Chem. 179 (2019) 634-648].
Copy number variations in miscarriage products and their relationship with consanguinity and recurrent miscarriage in individuals with normal karyotypes.
Exposure to Air Pollution during Pregnancy and Childhood, and White Matter Microstructure in Preadolescents.
Case 6-2020: A 34-Year-Old Woman with Hyperglycemia.
Proteomic Analysis of Inflammatory Biomarkers Associated With Breast Cancer Recurrence.
High-throughput sleep phenotyping produces robust and heritable traits in Diversity Outbred mice and their founder strains.
Impact of history of periodontitis on gene expression of bone-related factors in young patients.
StructuRly: A novel shiny app to produce comprehensive, detailed and interactive plots for population genetic analysis.
Anticonvulsant valproic acid and other short-chain fatty acids as novel anticancer therapeutics: Possibilities and challenges.
Increasing the species diversity in the Aspergillus section Nidulantes: Six novel species mainly from the indoor environment.
Multiomics Substrates of Resistance to Emerging Pathogens? Transcriptome and Proteome Profile of a Vancomycin-Resistant Enterococcus faecalis Clinical Strain.
Alpha-Particle Therapy for Multifocal Osteosarcoma: A Hypothesis.
The Influence of Pharmacodynamic Genes on Fluoxetine Response in Pediatric Anxiety and Depressive Disorders.
Combined L-citrulline and tetrahydrobiopterin therapy improves NO signaling and ameliorates chronic hypoxia-induced pulmonary hypertension in newborn pigs.
Circ_PUM1 promotes the development of endometrial cancer by targeting the miR-136/NOTCH3 pathway.
Clinical and Dopamine Transporter Imaging Characteristics of Leucine- Rich Repeat Kinase 2 (LRRK2) and Glucosylceramidase Beta (GBA) Parkinson \' s Disease Participants in the Parkinson \' s Progression Markers Initiative: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Patterns of heritability across the human diphyodont dental complex: Crown morphology of Australian twins and families.
The prognostic role of BRAF and WNT pathways activation in kinase inhibitors-naive clinical stage III cutaneous melanoma.
Allgrove Syndrome: A Report of New Pathological Variants in the AAAS Gene.
Genetics and epigenetics of allergy.
A novel mutation which causes a frameshift in the PHOX2B gene causes Haddad syndrome.
Genetics of age-related clonal hematopoiesis and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Stxbp1/Munc18-1 haploinsufficiency impairs inhibition and mediates key neurological features of STXBP1 encephalopathy.
Mouse retinal cell behaviour in space and time using light sheet fluorescence microscopy.
Quantifying fiber type-specific local capillary supply.
Effect of fructans, prebiotics and fibres on the human gut microbiome assessed by 16S rRNA-based approaches: a review.
Tafenoquine: A step toward malaria elimination.
A female with X-linked Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in a family with inherited central diabetes Insipidus: Case report and review of the literature.
Molecular insights into the coding region mutations of low-density lipoprotein receptor adaptor protein 1 (LDLRAP1) linked to Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
A decade-long temporal analyses of human group-A rotavirus among children with gastroenteritis: pre-vaccination scenario in West Bengal, eastern India.
Beating the ER: novel insights into FAM134B function and regulation.
Genetics and Epigenetics of Leukemia and Lymphoma: From Knowledge to Applications, Meeting Report of the Josep Carreras Leukaemia Research Institute.
Rhinophyma or something more?
Predicting The Developmental Potential Of Cleavage Stage Embryos Based On Oxygen Consumption Rate In FET Cycles.
How new genes are born.
Anti-tumorigenic efficacy of Tangeretin in Liver Cancer - An in-silico approach.
Chemical composition and combinatory antifungal activities of Ammoides verticillata, Allium sativum and Curcuma longa essential oils against four fungi responsible for Tomato Diseases.
alpha-Thalassemia Mutations in Ilam Province, West Iran.
Birth of a healthy boy following preimplantation genetic diagnosis for congenital adrenal hyperplasia.
A CINful way to overcome addiction: how chromosomal instability enables cancer to overcome its oncogene addiction.
Ellis-van Creveld Syndrome; Report of a Case and Recurrent Variant.
Effect of dietary supplementation of whey powder and Bacillus subtilis on growth performance, gut and hepatic function, and muscle antioxidant capacity of Japanese quail.
Connectome-based propagation model in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Gene therapy to the blood-brain barrier with resulting protein secretion as a strategy for treatment of Niemann Picks type C2 disease.
Variation in the Human Leukocyte Antigen system and risk for endemic Burkitt lymphoma in northern Uganda.
Global Regulatory Landscape for Aggregate Safety Assessments: Recent Developments and Future Directions.
Insulin-dependent Non-canonical Activation of Notch in Drosophila: A Story of Notch-Induced Muscle Stem Cell Proliferation.
Interaction of Long Noncoding RNAs and Notch Signaling: Implications for Tissue Homeostasis Loss.
Regulation of Notch Signaling in Drosophila melanogaster: The Role of the Heterogeneous Nuclear Ribonucleoprotein Hrp48 and Deltex.
Maheshvara, a Conserved RNA Helicase, Regulates Notch Signaling in Drosophila melanogaster.
Overview of Basic Mechanisms of Notch Signaling in Development and Disease.
A Snapshot of the Molecular Biology of Notch Signaling: Challenges and Promises.
Correction to: Diagnostic yield of a custom-designed multi-gene cancer panel in Irish patients with breast cancer.
Investigation of promoter methylation of FSCN1 gene and FSCN1 protein expression in differentiated thyroid carcinomas.
Novel Hemizygous IL2RG p.(Pro58Ser) Mutation Impairs IL-2 Receptor Complex Expression on Lymphocytes Causing X-Linked Combined Immunodeficiency.
Microbiota changes associated with ADNP deficiencies: rapid indicators for NAP (CP201) treatment of the ADNP syndrome and beyond.
Pheochromocytoma surgery without systematic preoperative pharmacological preparation: insights from a referral tertiary center experience.
Rapid detection of bacterial infection and viability assessment with high specificity and sensitivity using Raman microspectroscopy.
Intraspecific genetic variation underlying postmating reproductive barriers between species in the wild tomato clade (Solanum sect. Lycopersicon).
Commentary on the study of Roy et al. Amygdala based altered mir-128-3p in conferring susceptibility to depression-like behavior via Wnt signaling.
Abnormal Dendritic Cell-poiesis in Patients With Lower-risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes.
Upfront Treatment Influences the Composition of Genetic Alterations in Relapsed Pediatric B-Cell Precursor Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Association of functional variants and protein-to-protein physical interactions of human MutY homolog linked with familial adenomatous polyposis and colorectal cancer syndrome.
Comprehensive structure-function analysis of causative variants in retinal pigment epithelium specific 65 kDa protein associated Leber Congenital Amaurosis.
Regenerating islet-derived protein (Reg)3beta plays a crucial role in attenuation of ileitis and colitis in mice.
Data on multimerization efficiency for short linear DNA templates and phosphoryl guanidine primers during isothermal amplification with Bst exo- DNA polymerase.
Sequencing data of cell-free DNA fragments in living-related liver transplantation for inborn errors of metabolism.
The Levodopa Response Varies in Pathologically Confirmed Parkinson \' s Disease: A Systematic Review.
CAR T Cell Generation by piggyBac Transposition from Linear Doggybone DNA Vectors Requires Transposon DNA-Flanking Regions.
Novel GAA Variants and Mosaicism in Pompe Disease Identified by Extended Analyses of Patients with an Incomplete DNA Diagnosis.
Neurotoxicity including posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome after initiation of calcineurin inhibitors in transplanted methylmalonic acidemia patients: Two case reports and review of the literature.
Hypoglycemia in CDG patients due to PMM2 mutations: Follow up on hyperinsulinemic patients.
An ancestral variant causing type I xanthinuria in Turkmen and Arab families is predicted to prevail in the Afro-Asian stone-forming belt.
Morquio-B disease: Clinical and genetic characteristics of a distinct GLB1-related dysostosis multiplex.
High-dose hydroxocobalamin achieves biochemical correction and improvement of neuropsychiatric deficits in adults with late onset cobalamin C deficiency.
Hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia: A rare association of vanishing white matter disease.
Phenotypes and genotypes of mitochondrial aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase deficiencies from a single neurometabolic clinic.
Unexpectedly high genetic diversity in a rare and endangered seabird in the Hawaiian Archipelago.
Overexpression of alpha-synuclein promotes both cell proliferation and cell toxicity in human SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells.
Hippophae rhamnoides berry related Pichia kudriavzevii yeast volatiles modify behaviour of Rhagoletis batava flies.
Mexiletine shortens the QT interval in a pedigree of KCNH2 related long QT syndrome.
Prenatal genetic analysis and differential pregnancy outcomes of two de novo cases showing mosaic isodicentric Y chromosome.
Clinical and Molecular Characterization and Discovery of Novel Genetic Mutations of Chinese Patients with COL2A1-related Dysplasia.
Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System-Based Exploration of the Interrelationships of 25-Hydroxyvitamin D, Calcium, Phosphorus with Parathyroid Hormone Production.
ErbB4 3 \' -UTR Variant (c.*3622A&gt;G) is Associated with ER/PR Negativity and Advanced Breast Cancer.
Evaluation of COMT Gene rs4680 Polymorphism as a Risk Factor for Endometrial Cancer.
Copy number alterations are associated with metastatic-lethal progression in prostate cancer.
Looking deeper into tissue elongation.
Correction: Congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency: functional consequences of four CYP11B1 mutations.
Primary-tiller panicle number is critical to achieving high grain yields in machine-transplanted hybrid rice.
Crosstalk between DNA methylation and gene expression in colorectal cancer, a potential plasma biomarker for tracing this tumor.
The phosphatidylcholine transfer protein StarD7 is important for myogenic differentiation in mouse myoblast C2C12 cells and human primary skeletal myoblasts.
Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Biosynthesis of Important Bioactive Constituents and Mechanism of Stem Formation of Dendrobium huoshanense.
Genome-Wide Association Study of VKORC1 and CYP2C9 on acenocoumarol dose, stroke recurrence and intracranial haemorrhage in Spain.
Species-specific genetic variation in response to deep-sea environmental variation amongst Vulnerable Marine Ecosystem indicator taxa.
A standardized approach to empirically define reliable assignment thresholds and appropriate management categories in deeply introgressed populations.
Autonomic ganglionic injection of alpha-synuclein fibrils as a model of pure autonomic failure alpha-synucleinopathy.
miRNA-1-3p is an early embryonic male sex-determining factor in the Oriental fruit fly Bactrocera dorsalis.
Heterogeneity of response to immune checkpoint blockade in hypermutated experimental gliomas.
Pharmacological enhancement of TFEB-mediated autophagy alleviated neuronal death in oxidative stress-induced Parkinson \' s disease models.
Post-transcriptional regulation of BRG1 by FIRDeltaexon2 in gastric cancer.
An Advanced Human Intestinal Coculture Model Reveals Compartmentalized Host and Pathogen Strategies during Salmonella Infection.
Analysis of Dot/Icm Type IVB Secretion System Subassemblies by Cryoelectron Tomography Reveals Conformational Changes Induced by DotB Binding.
Fecal Metabolomic Signatures in Colorectal Adenoma Patients Are Associated with Gut Microbiota and Early Events of Colorectal Cancer Pathogenesis.
Spatial mapping of tissue properties in vivo reveals a 3D stiffness gradient in the mouse limb bud.
GDF11 promotes osteogenesis as opposed to MSTN, and follistatin, a MSTN/GDF11 inhibitor, increases muscle mass but weakens bone.
Essential requirement for nicastrin in marginal zone and B-1 B cell development.
Bisphenol A and bisphenol S disruptions of the mouse placenta and potential effects on the placenta-brain axis.
Sequential activation of necroptosis and apoptosis cooperates to mediate vascular and neural pathology in stroke.
AB569, a nontoxic chemical tandem that kills major human pathogenic bacteria.
Natural variation in DNA methylation homeostasis and the emergence of epialleles.
Integrated functional genomic analyses of Klinefelter and Turner syndromes reveal global network effects of altered X chromosome dosage.
Evolution of Distinct Responses to Low NAD+ Stress by Rewiring the Sir2 Deacetylase Network in Yeasts.
The Temporal Dynamics of Background Selection in Non-equilibrium Populations.
Determinants of Replication-Fork Pausing at tRNA Genes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Large-Scale Transgenic Drosophila Resource Collections for Loss- and Gain-of-Function Studies.
Mouse Models of Myeloid Malignancies.
Novel Insights Into The Classification of Staphylococcal beta-Lactamases In Relation To The Cefazolin Inoculum Effect.
Canonical Correlation Analysis of Imaging Genetics Data Based on Statistical Independence and Structural Sparsity.
Negative allosteric modulators of the GluN2B NMDA receptor with phenylethylamine structure embedded in ring-expanded and ring-contracted scaffolds.
Metabolism-based drug discovery in zebrafish: An emerging strategy to uncover new anti-seizure therapies.
Transcriptome analysis reveals the temporal gene expression patterns in skin of large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea) in response to Cryptocaryon irritans infection.
Expression of the organic cation/carnitine transporter family (Octn1,-2 and-3) in mdx muscle and heart: Implications for early carnitine therapy in Duchenne muscular dystrophy to improve cellular carnitine homeostasis.
Pre-Eclampsia: microbiota possibly playing a role.
Signature patterns in region V4 of small ruminant lentivirus surface protein in sheep and goats.
Prevalence and genetic subtypes of congenital myasthenic syndromes in the pediatric population of Slovenia.
Changes in the physicochemical properties and starch structures of rice grains upon pre-harvest sprouting.
Chaperonin-assisted protein folding: a chronologue.
Widespread loss of the silencing epigenetic mark H3K9me3 in astrocytes and neurons along with hippocampal-dependent cognitive impairment in C9orf72 BAC transgenic mice.
First report on aberrant Ascaris suum infection in a dog, China.
The use of sodium DL-3-Hydroxybutyrate in severe acute neuro-metabolic compromise in patients with inherited ketone body synthetic disorders.
Winter associations predict social and extra-pair mating patterns in a wild songbird.
Nfatc1 Promotes Interstitial Cell Formation During Cardiac Valve Development in Zebrafish.
Assessment of the relationship between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphism and acute lymphoblastic leukemia: Evidence from an updated meta-analysis.
Methane Emissions, Performance and Carcass Characteristics of Different Lines of Beef Steers Reared on Pasture and Finished in Feedlot.
A Rapid Robust Method for Subgrouping Non-NF2 Meningiomas According to Genotype and Detection of Lower Levels of M2 Macrophages in AKT1 E17K Mutated Tumours.
NCAPG Dynamically Coordinates the Myogenesis of Fetal Bovine Tissue by Adjusting Chromatin Accessibility.
Identifying the Translatome of Mouse NEBD-Stage Oocytes via SSP-Profiling; A Novel Polysome Fractionation Method.
Identification and Molecular Characterization of a Pellino Protein in Kuruma Prawn (Marsupenaeus Japonicus) in Response to White Spot Syndrome Virus and Vibrio Parahaemolyticus Infection.
Impact on Isoleucine and Valine Supplementation When Decreasing Use of Medical Food in the Nutritional Management of Methylmalonic Acidemia.
Incendiary Leptin.
Biphasic Mathematical Model of Cell-Drug Interaction That Separates Target-Specific and Off-Target Inhibition and Suggests Potent Targeted Drug Combinations for Multi-Driver Colorectal Cancer Cells.
Assessing Endogenous and Exogenous Hormone Exposures and Breast Development in a Migrant Study of Bangladeshi and British Girls.
Two  Rare Pathogenic HBB Variants in a Patient with beta Thalassemia Intermedia
Malathion induced cancer-linked gene expression in human lymphocytes.
Transcriptome profiling of the fungus Aspergillus nidulans exposed to a commercial glyphosate-based herbicide under conditions of apparent herbicide tolerance.
Review: Indicator bacteriophages in sludge, biosolids, sediments and soils.
Active modulation of surfactant-driven flow instabilities by swarming bacteria.
Childhood Cancer Genomics (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Sexual dimorphism in the nutritional requirement for adult lifespan in Drosophila melanogaster.
Identification of small and large genomic candidate variants in bovine pulmonary hypoplasia and anasarca syndrome.
[C3 glomerulopathy and MPGN - current classification].
Research Participants \'  Attitudes towards Receiving Information on Genetic Susceptibility to Arsenic Toxicity in Rural Bangladesh.
Specific IgE Decision Point Cutoffs in Children with IgE-Mediated Wheat Allergy and a Review of the Literature.
Implications of Assisted Reproductive Technologies for Pregnancy Outcomes in Mammals.
The molecular basis of platelet biogenesis, activation, aggregation and implications in neurological disorders.
From astrocytoma to glioblastoma: a clonal evolution study.
An Initial Comparative Genomic Autopsy of Wasting Disease in Sea Stars.
An activator of G protein-coupled receptor and MEK1/2-ERK1/2 signaling inhibits HIV-1 replication by altering viral RNA processing.
Novel EGFR ectodomain mutations associated with ligand-independent activation and cetuximab resistance in head and neck cancer.
Deep Learning-driven research for drug discovery: Tackling Malaria.
Transcriptional co-repressor Sin3a regulates hippocampal synaptic plasticity via Homer1/mGluR5.
Observational study of disorders of sex development in Yaounde, Cameroon.
Genetic variants of the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene in patients with phenylketonuria in the northeast of Iran.
Two different missense mutations of PEX genes in two similar patients with severe Zellweger syndrome: an argument on the genotype-phenotype correlation.
The follicular microenvironment in low (++) and high (I+B+) ovulation rate ewes.
Metastatic pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma: proceedings of the MEN2019 workshop.
Optimization of 4-aminopiperidines as inhibitors of influenza A viral entry that are synergistic with oseltamivir.
The tetrameric pheromone module SteC-MkkB-MpkB-SteD regulates asexual sporulation, sclerotia formation and aflatoxin production in Aspergillus flavus.
Short and long-term outcome of fetuses undergoing thoracoamniotic shunting for fetal hydrothorax.
In the Wall lies the Truth: A Systematic Review of Diagnostic Markers in Intracranial Aneurysms.
Can network analysis shed light on predictors of lithium response in bipolar I disorder?
Dual Eigen-modules of Cis-element Regulation Profiles and Selection of Cognition-language Eigen-direction along Evolution in Hominidae.
Body mass index and height and risk of cutaneous melanoma: Mendelian randomization analyses.
Analysis of fibroblasts from patients with cblC and cblG genetic defects of cobalamin metabolism reveals global dysregulation of alternative splicing.
Association Between Genetically Proxied Inhibition of HMG-CoA Reductase and Epithelial Ovarian Cancer.
Predictive Accuracy of a Polygenic Risk Score-Enhanced Prediction Model vs a Clinical Risk Score for Coronary Artery Disease.
Predictive Accuracy of a Polygenic Risk Score Compared With a Clinical Risk Score for Incident Coronary Heart Disease.
Risk of Offspring Birth Defects in Women After Bariatric Surgery.
Genome-wide Selection Scan in an Arabian Peninsula Population Identifies a TNKS haplotype Linked to Metabolic Traits and Hypertension.
Acute Megakaryoblastic Leukemia Leading to the Diagnosis of Germline Trisomy 21 Mosaicism.
Molecular genetics of human hypertension.
Reclassification of Clostridium diolis Biebl and Sproer 2003 as a later heterotypic synonym of Clostridium beijerinckii Donker 1926 (Approved Lists 1980) emend. Keis et al. 2001.
Ovarian expression, polymorphism identification and association of SIRT3 gene with reproduction traits in goats.
KAP1 targets actively transcribed genomic loci to exert pleomorphic effects on RNA polymerase II activity.
Two New Ansonia from Mountains of Borneo (Anura, Bufonidae).
Cephalodiscus planitectus sp. nov. (Hemichordata: Pterobranchia) from Sagami Bay, Japan.
Redescription of Gyrinicola japonica, a Tadpole-Endoparasitic Nematode from Japan, with Resurrection of the Family Gyrinicolidae (Nematoda: Oxyurina).
Cryptic Speciation of a Deep-Sea Demersal Fish of the Genus Bothrocara in the Japan Sea.
Cilia Loss and Dynein Assembly Defects in Planaria Lacking an Outer Dynein Arm-Docking Complex Subunit.
De novo genome assembly of Candida glabrata reveals cell wall protein complement and structure of dispersed tandem repeat arrays.
Resolving the mystery-How TCR transgenic mouse models shed light on the elusive case of gamma delta T cells.
Rapid block of pre-mRNA splicing by chemical inhibition of analog-sensitive CRK9 in Trypanosoma brucei.
Toward a comprehensive understanding of the molecular biology of meniscus pathology: lessons learned from translational studies and mouse models.
Reproductive Factors and Risk of Breast Cancer by Tumor Subtypes among Ghanaian Women: A Population-based Case-control Study.
Tissue Transglutaminase_Variant 2-Transduced Mesenchymal Stem Cells and Their Chondrogenic Potential.
Disturbed genomic imprinting and its relevance for human reproduction: causes and clinical consequences.
A low glycemic diet protects disease-prone Nrf2-deficient mice against age-related macular degeneration.
Female Authorship Publishing Trends and Forecasting in Pediatric Urology: Are we Closer to Gender Equality?
When function follows form: Nuclear compartment structure and the epigenetic landscape of the aging neuron.
Spatial structure and anti-fatigue of polysaccharide from Inonotus obliquus.
Differing biologic behaviors of Desmoplastic melanoma subtypes - insights based on histopathological, immunohistochemical and genetic analyses.
Protective effects of morin against acrylamide-induced hepatotoxicity and nephrotoxicity: A multi-biomarker approach.
Genetics, epigenetics and back again: Lessons learned from neocentromeres.
A novel mutation in xanthine dehydrogenase in a case with xanthinuria in Hunan province of China.
Fetal Growth Percentile Software: a tool to calculate estimated fetal weight percentiles for six standards.
Etiology of atherosclerosis informs choice of animal models and tissues for initial functional genomic studies of resveratrol.
Early increment of soluble triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells 2 in plasma might be a predictor of poor outcome after ischemic stroke.
Amyloid-beta Positivity Predicts Cognitive Decline but Cognition Predicts Progression to Amyloid-beta Positivity.
Outcome and molecular landscape of patients with PIK3CA-mutated metastatic breast cancer.
Pan-Asian adapted ESMO Clinical Practice Guidelines for the management of patients with intermediate and advanced/relapsed hepatocellular carcinoma: a TOS-ESMO initiative endorsed by CSCO, ISMPO, JSMO, KSMO, MOS and SSO.
Limb Girdle Muscular Dystrophy and Therapy: Current progress in Cell and Gene-based approaches.
Genetic heterogeneity of polydactyly in Maine Coon cats.
First Korean Case of Partial D DBS-1.
Comparison Between the SFTS-QS Kit and the PowerChek SFTSV Real-time PCR Kit for the Detection of Severe Fever With Thrombocytopenia Syndrome Virus.
Cortisol Measurements in Cushing \' s Syndrome: Immunoassay or Mass Spectrometry?
The co-occurrence of Wilson disease and X-linked agammaglobulinemia in one family highlights the promising diagnostic potential of proteolytic analysis.
Analyses of del(GJB6-D13S1830) and del(GJB6-D13S1834) deletions in a large cohort with hearing loss: Caveats to interpretation of molecular test results in multiplex families.
An epigenetic clock for human skeletal muscle.
Prevalence and causes of infantile nystagmus in a large population-based Danish cohort.
Further delineation of METTL23-associated intellectual disability.
Interaction of glutathione-s-transferase genotypes with environmental risk factors in determining susceptibility to head and neck cancer and treatment response and survival outcome.
Novel phenotype of syndromic premature ovarian insufficiency associated with TP63 molecular defect.
Analysis of fusion transcripts indicates widespread deregulation of snoRNAs and their host genes in breast cancer.
Identification of differentially expressed genes under heat stress conditions in rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Incomplete penetrance in primary immunodeficiency: a skeleton in the closet.
Human genetics of meningococcal infections.
A transcriptional metabolic gene-set based prognostic signature is associated with clinical and mutational features in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
TypeTE: a tool to genotype mobile element insertions from whole genome resequencing data.
Chromosome compaction and chromatin stiffness enhance diffusive loop extrusion by slip-link proteins.
Single-cell analysis of human adipose tissue identifies depot and disease specific cell types.
Single-cell analysis of olfactory neurogenesis and differentiation in adult humans.
Retraction Note: Transient cytokine treatment induces acinar cell reprogramming and regenerates functional beta cell mass in diabetic mice.
Germinal center B cells selectively oxidize fatty acids for energy while conducting minimal glycolysis.
Allele-specific expression changes dynamically during T cell activation in HLA and other autoimmune loci.
Relationships between patient- and session-related variables and outcomes of psychiatric genetic counseling.
Reply to C.D. Richter.
Loss of p53 protein strikes a nerve to aid tumour growth.
How to silence an X chromosome.
A census of pathway maps in cancer systems biology.
EGFRvIII upregulates DNA mismatch repair resulting in increased temozolomide sensitivity of MGMT promoter methylated glioblastoma.
Genetic variation and evolutionary history of a mycorrhizal fungus regulate the currency of exchange in symbiosis with the food security crop cassava.
Spinal muscular atrophy diagnosis and carrier screening from genome sequencing data.
Disparities in BRCA counseling across providers in a diverse population of young breast cancer survivors.
Impact of somatic mutations in myelodysplastic patients with isolated partial or total loss of chromosome 7.
Actionable Mutation Profiles of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer patients from Vietnamese population.
Long-read sequencing identifies the pathogenic nucleotide repeat expansion in RFC1 in a Japanese case of CANVAS.
GWAS significance thresholds for deep phenotyping studies can depend upon minor allele frequencies and sample size.
Exome Sequencing in Individuals with Isolated Biliary Atresia.
Bioevaluation of superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles (SPIONs) functionalized with dihexadecyl phosphate (DHP).
Expression quantitative trait loci-derived scores and white matter microstructure in UK Biobank: a novel approach to integrating genetics and neuroimaging.
Whole-exome sequencing of 81 individuals from 27 multiply affected bipolar disorder families.
Effects of COMT rs4680 and BDNF rs6265 polymorphisms on brain degree centrality in Han Chinese adults who lost their only child.
Author Correction: The ubiquitin ligase UBR5 suppresses proteostasis collapse in pluripotent stem cells from Huntington \' s disease patients.
A polygenic predictor of treatment-resistant depression using whole exome sequencing and genome-wide genotyping.
Genomic influences on self-reported childhood maltreatment.
Correction: Differential transcriptional response following glucocorticoid activation in cultured blood immune cells: a novel approach to PTSD biomarker development.
Cognitive deficits in childhood, adolescence and adulthood in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome and association with psychopathology.
Rivastigmine modifies the alpha-secretase pathway and potentially early Alzheimer \' s disease.
Genetic associations with clozapine-induced myocarditis in patients with schizophrenia.
Treatment-resistant psychotic symptoms and the 15q11.2 BP1-BP2 (Burnside-Butler) deletion syndrome: case report and review of the literature.
Chronic psychosocial stress during pregnancy affects maternal behavior and neuroendocrine function and modulates hypothalamic CRH and nuclear steroid receptor expression.
Novel genetic susceptibility loci identified by family based whole exome sequencing in Han Chinese schizophrenia patients.
Epigenetic signatures of attachment insecurity and childhood adversity provide evidence for role transition in the pathogenesis of perinatal depression.
Genomic prediction of alcohol-related morbidity and mortality.
A truncating Aspm allele leads to a complex cognitive phenotype and region-specific reductions in parvalbuminergic neurons.
Genome-wide association study of dietary intake in the UK biobank study and its associations with schizophrenia and other traits.
Personality, lifestyle and job satisfaction: causal association between neuroticism and job satisfaction using Mendelian randomisation in the UK biobank cohort.
Genetic evidence of gender difference in autism spectrum disorder supports the female-protective effect.
Targeted exome sequencing identifies five novel loci at genome-wide significance for modulating antidepressant response in patients with major depressive disorder.
Safety and efficacy of restarting immune checkpoint inhibitors after clinically significant immune-related adverse events in metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
What \' s happening in Neurology  Genetics.
Redefinition of familial intestinal gastric cancer: clinical and genetic perspectives.
Mendelian randomisation study of the effects of known and putative risk factors on pancreatic cancer.
MicroRNA-4516-mediated regulation of MAPK10 relies on 3 \'  UTR cis-acting variants and contributes to the altered risk of Hirschsprung disease.
Alcohol and tobacco use in relation to mammographic density in 23,456 women.
Binaural beats through the auditory pathway: from brainstem to connectivity patterns.
Improving translatability of preclinical studies for neuromuscular disorders: lessons from the TREAT-NMD Advisory Committee for Therapeutics (TACT).
Xpert MTB/RIF Ultra and Xpert MTB/RIF for diagnosis of tuberculosis in an HIV-endemic setting with a high burden of previous tuberculosis: a two-cohort diagnostic accuracy study.
Synteny-based analyses indicate that sequence divergence is not the main source of orphan genes.
A review of congenital tremor type A-II in piglets.
Nebulin nemaline myopathy recapitulated in a compound heterozygous mouse model with both a missense and a nonsense mutation in Neb.
The pan-cancer landscape of prognostic germline variants in 10,582 patients.
The complete mitochondrial genome of a parasite at the animal-fungal boundary.
Can we identify individuals with an ALPL variant in adults with persistent hypophosphatasaemia?
Treatment of patients with hereditary angioedema with the c.988A&gt;G (p.Lys330Glu) variant in the plasminogen gene.
mTOR may interact with PARP-1 to regulate visible light-induced parthanatos in photoreceptors.
Pathway mapping of leukocyte transcriptome in influenza patients reveals distinct pathogenic mechanisms associated with progression to severe infection.
Measuring resilience prospectively as the speed of affect recovery in daily life: a complex systems perspective on mental health.
Two monogenic disorders masquerading as one: severe congenital neutropenia with monocytosis and non-syndromic sensorineural hearing loss.
Analysis on the polymorphisms of site RS4977574, and RS1333045 in region 9p21 and the susceptibility of coronary heart disease in Chinese population.
Qualitative investigation of the factors that generate ambivalent feelings in women who give birth after receiving negative results from non-invasive prenatal testing.
SPECS: a non-parametric method to identify tissue-specific molecular features for unbalanced sample groups.
A 14-bp insertion in endothelin receptor B-like (EDNRB2) is associated with white plumage in Chinese geese.
MicroRNA expression profile analysis in sperm reveals hsa-mir-191 as an auspicious omen of in vitro fertilization.
Role of visual evoked potentials and optical coherence tomography in the screening for optic pathway gliomas in patients with neurofibromatosis type I.
Paternal and maternal mutations in X-STRs: A GHEP-ISFG collaborative study.
Effects of tosyl-l-arginine methyl ester (TAME) on the APC/c subunits: An in silico investigation for inhibiting cell cycle.
Producing high-oleic acid beef and the impact of ground beef consumption on risk factors for cardiovascular disease: A review.
ASCL1- and DLX2-induced GABAergic neurons from hiPSC-derived NPCs.
The functional connectivity profile of tics and obsessive-compulsive symptoms in Tourette Syndrome.
Correlates and Predictors of Cerebrospinal Fluid Cholesterol Efflux Capacity from Neural Cells, a Family of Biomarkers for Cholesterol Epidemiology in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Moderate Overexpression of Tau in Drosophila Exacerbates Amyloid-beta-Induced Neuronal Phenotypes and Correlates with Tau Oligomerization.
Spermatid Development in XO Male Mice With Varying Y Chromosome Short-Arm Gene Content: Evidence for a Y Gene Controlling the Initiation of Sperm Morphogenesis
Hereditary angioedema in a single family with specific mutations in both plasminogen and SERPING1 genes.
A Phytosterolemic Mixture of Sterols Inhibits Cholesterol Synthesis, Esterification, and Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor mRNA Abundance in HepG2 Cells.
A de novo germline mutation of KIT in a white-spotted Brown Swiss cow.
Fe2 O3 NPs induced biochemical responses and expression of genes involved in rosmarinic acid biosynthesis pathway in Moldavian balm under salinity stress.
Impaired HDL cholesterol efflux capacity in systemic lupus erythematosus patients is related to subclinical carotid atherosclerosis.
SPsimSeq: semi-parametric simulation of bulk and single cell RNA sequencing data.
Dominant mutations of the Notch ligand Jagged1 cause peripheral neuropathy.
Translational initiation in E. coli occurs at the correct sites genome-wide in the absence of mRNA-rRNA base-pairing.
ESCO1 and CTCF enable formation of long chromatin loops by protecting cohesinSTAG1 from WAPL.
Repression of viral gene expression and replication by the unfolded protein response effector XBP1u.
Noonan syndrome with multiple Giant cell lesions, management and treatment with surgery and interferon alpha-2a therapy: Case report.
Nine newly identified individuals refine the phenotype associated with MYT1L mutations.
Cantu syndrome: A longitudinal review of vascular findings in three individuals.
Small RNA-binding protein RapZ mediates cell envelope precursor sensing and signaling in Escherichia coli.
Trends in the prevalence, incidence and survival of non-Hodgkin lymphoma subtypes during the 21st century - a Swedish lymphoma register study.
Amended diagnosis, validity and relationships of the genus Acrolichanus Ward, 1917 (Digenea: Allocreadiidae) based on the 28S rRNA gene, and observations on its lineage diversity.
Genes to treat excitotoxicity ameliorate the symptoms of the disease in mice models of multiple system atrophy.
Mosaicism in Fanconi anemia: concise review and evaluation of published cases with focus on clinical course of blood count normalization.
Elimination of galanin synthesis in noradrenergic neurons reduces galanin in select brain areas and promotes active coping behaviors.
Precision medicine in perinatal depression in light of the human microbiome.
The Rab5 activator RME-6 is required for amyloid precursor protein endocytosis depending on the YTSI motif.
Prostate cancer risk SNP rs10993994 is a trans-eQTL for SNHG11 mediated through MSMB.
ER-Golgi membrane contact sites.
Screening and Identification of RNA Silencing Suppressors from Secreted Effectors of Plant Pathogens.
Markerless Gene Deletion by Floxed Cassette Allelic Exchange Mutagenesis in Chlamydia trachomatis.
Evaluation of the cytotoxicity and apoptotic induction in human liver cell lines exposed to three food additives.
Upregulation of miR-410 is linked with unfavorable prognosis in patients with colorectal cancer.
Pseudomonas synxantha 2-79 transformed with pyrrolnitrin biosynthesis genes has improved biocontrol activity against soilborne pathogens of wheat and canola.
Association of MTHFR 677C &gt; T, 1298A &gt; C and MTR 2756A &gt; G Polymorphisms with Susceptibility to Childhood Retinoblastoma: A Systematic Review and Met-Analysis.
Genetic investigation and phylogenetic analysis of three Chinese ethnic groups using 16 X chromosome STR loci.
Pharmacogenetic Testing Options Relevant to Psychiatry in Canada.
Oral-Facial-Digital Syndrome Type 1: Further Clinical and Molecular Delineation in 2 New Families.
[Study on the molecular phylogeny of Echinococcus multilocularis in Qinghai Province].
Three Brothers With Autism Carry a Stop-Gain Mutation in the HPA-Axis Gene NR3C2.
Systematic genetics and single-cell imaging reveal widespread morphological pleiotropy and cell-to-cell variability.
Association of MTHFR C677T polymorphism with elevated homocysteine level and disease development in vitiligo.
Biotransformation of 2,4-dinitrotoluene in a phototrophic co-culture of engineered Synechococcus elongatus and Pseudomonas putida.
Shared genetic risk between eating disorder- and substance-use-related phenotypes: Evidence from genome-wide association studies.
Morphological characterization of Hypnaceae (Bryopsida, Hypnales): Investigating four genera from Western Himalayas by using LM and SEM techniques.
The new micropatterned interdigitated electrode for selective assessment of the nociceptive system.
Molecular Characterization of Metanephric Adenomas Beyond BRAF: Genetic Evidence for Potential Malignant Evolution.
Dietary lipids in glycogen storage disease type III: a systematic literature study, case studies and future recommendations.
An Emerging Role for Endothelial Barrier Support Therapy for Congenital Disorders of Glycosylation.
A cell surface arabinogalactan-peptide influences root hair cell fate.
Lipid Droplet-Mediated Scavenging As Novel Intrinsic And Adaptive Resistance Factor Against The Multikinase Inhibitor Ponatinib.
Environmental variation impacts trait expression and selection in the legume-rhizobium symbiosis.
The efficacy and safety of topical rapamycin/calcitriol for facial angiofibromas in patients with tuberous sclerosis complex: a prospective, double-blind randomized clinical trial.
Radiation techniques in aggressive pituitary tumours and carcinomas.
A genetic analysis reveals novel histone residues required for transcriptional reprogramming upon stress.
Synthetic CRISPR/Cas9 reagents facilitate genome editing and homology directed repair.
Endogenous ABA Alleviates Rice Ammonium Toxicity by Reducing ROS and Free Ammonium via Regulation of the SAPK9-bZIP20 Pathway.
Two-Tiered Newborn Screening with Post-Analytical Tools for Pompe Disease and Mucopolysaccharidosis Type I Results in Performance Improvement and Future Direction.
Modified cyclodextrins as broad-spectrum antivirals.
Structure and mechanism of bactericidal mammalian perforin-2, an ancient agent of innate immunity.
Single-cell analysis reveals different age-related somatic mutation profiles between stem and differentiated cells in human liver.
Allelic H3K27me3 to allelic DNA methylation switch maintains noncanonical imprinting in extraembryonic cells.
Direct comparison of 99mTc-PSMA SPECT/CT and 68Ga-PSMA PET/CT in patients with prostate cancer.
Genetically Determined Height and Risk of Non-hodgkin Lymphoma.
Econazole nitrate reversed the resistance of breast cancer cells to Adriamycin through inhibiting the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
TRIM21 overexpression promotes tumor progression by regulating cell proliferation, cell migration and cell senescence in human glioma.
The establishment of the Household Air Pollution Consortium (HAPCO).
Unraveling virus relationships by structure-based phylogenetic classification.
Safety and efficacy of axicabtagene ciloleucel in refractory large B-cell lymphomas.
Inherited DNA-repair gene mutations in African American men with prostate cancer.
Bayesian approach for analysis of time-to-event data in plant biology.
Overexpression of PdC3H17 Confers Tolerance to Drought Stress Depending on Its CCCH Domain in Populus.
Editorial: BCR Signaling and B Cell Activation.
Efficacy of a Plant-Microbe System: Pisum sativum (L.) Cadmium-Tolerant Mutant and Rhizobium leguminosarum Strains, Expressing Pea Metallothionein Genes PsMT1 and PsMT2, for Cadmium Phytoremediation.
Comparison of Manual Cross-Sectional Measurements and Automatic Volumetry of the Corpus Callosum, and Their Clinical Impact: A Study on Type 1 Diabetes and Healthy Controls.
Sex Differences in High-Intensity Interval Training-Are HIIT Protocols Interchangeable Between Females and Males?
Oxytocin and Sensory Network Plasticity.
Sex differences in brain gene expression among suicide completers.
Exploring genetic variants in obsessive compulsive disorder severity: A GWAS approach.
Phylogenomic assessment of drug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis strains from Beira, Mozambique.
Spotlight: US Multi-Society Task Force on Colorectal Cancer Recommendations for Endoscopic Removal of Colorectal Lesions.
Spotlight: US Multi-Society Task Force on Colorectal Cancer Recommendations for Follow-up After Colonoscopy and Polypectomy.
Small fish, big prospects: using zebrafish to unravel the mechanisms of hereditary hearing loss.
Prospective association of physical activity and inflammatory biomarkers in older adults from the PREDIMED-Plus study with overweight or obesity and metabolic syndrome.
The long-term safety and efficacy of vestronidase alfa, rhGUS enzyme replacement therapy, in subjects with mucopolysaccharidosis VII.
Corrigendum to "A novel missense mutation in CAV3 gene in an Italian family with persistent hyperCKemia, myalgia and hypercholesterolemia: Double-trouble" [Clin. Neurol. Neurosurg. 191 (2020) 105687].
Gene mapping and genomic prediction of bull fertility using sex chromosome markers.
Anthropogenic pressures negatively impact genomic diversity of the vulnerable seagrass Zostera capensis.
Ground deposition of radionuclides in French Polynesia resulting from atmospheric nuclear weapons tests at Mururoa and Fangataufa atolls.
Discriminating bipolar depression from major depressive disorder with polygenic risk scores.
Apathy predicts rate of cognitive decline over 24 months in premanifest Huntington \' s disease.
Oocyte maturation arrest produced by TUBB8 mutations: impact of genetic disorders in infertility treatment.
Sleep Quality Moderates the Relationship between Anxiety Sensitivity and PTSD Symptoms in Combat-exposed Veterans.
Eosinophilic Esophagitis in Adults: A Concise Overview of an Evolving Disease.
[Characteristics and dynamics of HIV-1 subtype distribution among injected drug users in Guangzhou, 2008 - 2015].
[Standardization and application on ribotyping library of Clostridioides difficile in China].
[The effect of peroxiredoxin 2 on transforming growth factor-beta1-induced fibroblast proliferation and collagen synthesis].
[Clinical features of 54 cases of lung adenocarcinomas with c-ROS oncogene 1 fusion].
Use of Acellular Dermal Matrix for Urethroplasty Coverage in Proximal Hypospadias Repair: a Pilot Study.
Advances in the Diagnosis and Treatment of Large Granular Lymphocytic Leukemia.
Grafted human chorionic stem cells restore motor function and preclude cerebellar neurodegeneration in rat model of cerebellar ataxia.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension, preterm birth, and cord blood adipokine levels.
Dead Rhizophagus irregularis biomass mysteriously stimulates plant growth.
Clinical characteristics and outcomes of SDHB-related pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma in children and adolescents.
Development of an effective microsatellite marker system to determine the genetic structure of &lt;i&gt;Meriones meridianus&lt;/i&gt; populations.
Systems modeling of white matter microstructural abnormalities in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Examining the functional activity of different obsessive-compulsive symptom dimensions in Tourette syndrome.
scCATCH: Automatic Annotation on Cell Types of Clusters from Single-Cell RNA Sequencing Data.
Reinterpretation of  \' sperm pump \'  or  \' sperm syringe \'  function with notes on other male internal reproductive organs in the Asian citrus psyllid, Diaphorina citri (Hemiptera: Liviidae).
Somatostatin receptor expression and mTOR pathway activation in glioneuronal tumours of childhood.
Induction and recovery of CpG site specific methylation changes in human bronchial cells after long-term exposure to carbon nanotubes and asbestos.
Prevalence, genetic analysis and CRISPR typing of Cronobacter spp. isolated from meat and meat products in China.
Ureaplasma parvum causes hyperammonemia presenting as refractory status epilepticus after kidney transplant.
Interleukin 7 receptor T244I polymorphism and the multiple sclerosis susceptibility: a meta-analysis.
Detecting genetic associations with brain imaging phenotypes in Alzheimer \' s disease via a novel structured SCCA approach.
The intersection of capsule gene expression, hypermucoviscosity and hypervirulence in Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Generation of three induced pluripotent stem cell lines (MHHi012-A, MHHi013-A, MHHi014-A) from a family with Loeys-Dietz syndrome carrying a heterozygous p.M253I (c.759G&gt;A) mutation in the TGFBR1 gene.
Generation of three induced pluripotent cell lines (iPSCs) from an Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome (AGS) patient harboring a deletion in the genomic locus of the sterile alpha motif and HD domain containing protein 1 (SAMHD1).
Forensically relevant phylogeographic evaluation of mitogenome variation in the Basque Country.
Clinical characteristics and determinants of phenotype in TMEM43 Arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy type 5.
Polymorphism of toll-like receptor genes and autoimmune endocrine diseases.
Analysis of chlorhexidine gluconate in skin using tape stripping and ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Self-reported baseline phenotypes from the International Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP) Association Global Registry.
HMI-PRED: A Web Server for Structural Prediction of Host-Microbe Interactions Based on Interface Mimicry.
HOXD3, a novel link between BMP9 and TGFbeta1 signaling.
virB11 gene potentially involves in ATP metabolism to provide energy in H. pylori infection.
Identification of potential candidate genes involved in the sex determination cascade in an aquatic firefly, Sclerotia aquatilis (Coleoptera, Lampyridae).
MLL fusion proteins and transcriptional control.
Chemical profiling and cytotoxic activity of 150-year old original sample of Jerusalem Balsam.
MDA-9/Syntenin (SDCBP): Novel gene and therapeutic target for cancer metastasis.
We need to talk about peer-review - experienced reviewers are not endangered species, but they need motivation.
Bioinformatic analysis of genes of Streptomyces xinghaiensis (fradiae) ATCC 19609 with a focus on mutations conferring resistance to oligomycin A and its derivatives.
Probing the DNA-binding center of the MutL protein from the Escherichia coli mismatch repair system via crosslinking and Forster resonance energy transfer.
One carbon metabolism and folate transporter genes: Do they factor prominently in the genetic etiology of neural tube defects?
Prediction of VLCAD deficiency phenotype by a metabolic fingerprint in newborn screening bloodspots.
Molecular and functional characterization of two DELLA protein-coding genes in litchi.
Anti-Saccharomyces cerevisiae Immunogloblin G and Immunoglobulin A antibodies are associated with systemic inflammation and advanced disease in hidradenitis suppurativa.
Modulation of the combinatorial code of odorant receptor response patterns in odorant mixtures.
Regulation of endocrine systems by the microbiome: Perspectives from comparative animal models.
The NC229 Multi-Station Research Consortium on Emerging Viral Diseases of Swine: Solving Stakeholder Problems through Innovative Science and Research.
A different look at genetic factors in individuals with non-obstructive azoospermia or oligospermia in our research study: To whom, which threshold, when, in what way?
Comparison between arterial and peripheral-venous blood gases analysis in patients with dyspnoea and/or suspected acute respiratory failure.
P50 inhibitory sensory gating in schizophrenia: analysis of recent studies.
Corrigendum to "Th9 cytokines curb cervical cancer progression and immune evasion" [80 (2019) 1020-1025].
Identification of Genetic Loci Shared Between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, Intelligence, and Educational Attainment.
CFTR regulation of aquaporin-mediated water transport.
The ubiquitin proteasome system and schizophrenia.
Targeting the Unfolded Protein Response in Hormone-Regulated Cancers.
Protective strategies to prevent trastuzumab-induced cardiotoxicity - Authors \'  reply.
Cryo-EM: Ice Is Nice, but Good Ice Can Be Hard to Find.
The Wickerhamiella/Starmerella clade - a treasure trove for the study of the evolution of yeast metabolism.
Molecular heterogeneity in breast carcinoma cells with increased invasive capacities.
Malignant struma ovarii with a robust response to radioactive iodine.
Cytotoxic and apoptotic effects of ethanolic propolis extract on C6 glioma cells.
Discovery and characterization of tannase genes in plants: roles in hydrolysis of tannins.
Evolutionary analysis of the Bacillus subtilis genome reveals new genes involved in sporulation.
Michelanglo: sculpting protein views on web pages without coding.
Knockdown of TRPV Genes Affects the Locomotion and Feeding Behavior of Nilaparvata lugens (Hemiptera: Delphacidae).
Helping decision making for reliable and cost-effective 2b-RAD sequencing and genotyping analyses in non-model species.
Targeted Mutagenesis in Ryegrass (Lolium spp.) Using the CRISPR/Cas9 System.
A New Approach for Affinity-Based Purification of Horseradish Peroxidase.
Early sexual dimorphism in the developing gut microbiome of northern elephant seals.
New genomic features of the polled intersex syndrome variant in goats unraveled by long-read whole-genome sequencing.
Estrogen acts via estrogen receptor 2b to regulate hepatobiliary fate during vertebrate development.
Callosal agenesis and congenital mirror movements: outcomes associated with DCC mutations.
Functional analysis of SEMA3A variants identified in Chinese patients with isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
Interleukin-8 in the Tumor Immune Niche: Lessons from Comparative Oncology.
Notch Pathway and Inherited Diseases: Challenge and Promise.
Epigenetic Regulation of Notch Signaling During Drosophila Development.
Cellular senescence: from anti-cancer weapon to anti-aging target.
Genome-based classification of Micromonospora craterilacus sp. nov., a novel actinobacterium isolated from Nemrut Lake.
The analgesic potential of glycosides derived from medicinal plants.
Factor XIII deficiency in two Spanish families with a novel variant in gene F13A1 detected by next-generation sequencing; symptoms and clinical management.
Mismatch repair gene pathogenic germline variants in a population-based cohort of breast cancer.
[Cartilage tumors: morphology, genetics, and current aspects of target therapy].
[Malignant round cell tumors : The Ewing sarcoma and beyond].
Construction and integration of genetic linkage maps from three multi-parent advanced generation inter-cross populations in rice.
Understanding the chemistry of the artificial electron acceptors PES, PMS, DCPIP and Wurster \' s Blue in methanol dehydrogenase assays.
A novel DNA damage response signature of IDH-mutant grade II and grade III astrocytoma at transcriptional level.
The role of the VosA-repressed dnjA gene in development and metabolism in Aspergillus species.
A comprehensive and comparative phenotypic analysis of the collaborative founder strains identifies new and known phenotypes.
Recent findings in the genetics and epigenetics of asthma and allergy.
Emerging Frontiers in the Study of Molecular Evolution.
Loss-of-function variants in TBC1D32 underlie syndromic hypopituitarism.
Sirolimus and other mTOR inhibitors directly activate latent pathogenic human polyomavirus replication.
A slipped-CAG DNA-binding small molecule induces trinucleotide-repeat contractions in vivo.
Inhibition of store-operated calcium channels by N-arachidonoyl glycine (NAGly): no evidence for the involvement of lipid-sensing G protein coupled receptors.
Root Physiological Traits and Transcriptome Analyses Reveal that Root Zone Water Retention Confers Drought Tolerance to Opisthopappus taihangensis.
Extract from used Xpert MTB/RIF Ultra cartridges is useful for accurate second-line drug-resistant tuberculosis diagnosis with minimal rpoB-amplicon cross-contamination risk.
Mutations in the HPV16 genome induced by APOBEC3 are associated with viral clearance.
Exceptional subgenome stability and functional divergence in the allotetraploid Ethiopian cereal teff.
CASZ1 induces skeletal muscle and rhabdomyosarcoma differentiation through a feed-forward loop with MYOD and MYOG.
Build-a-Mouse: Melanoma Modeling Picks up Speed.
Associations between metabolites and pancreatic cancer risk in a large prospective epidemiological study.
International consensus guideline for reporting transmission electron microscopy results in the diagnosis of Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia (BEAT PCD TEM Criteria).
Potential Therapeutic Targets for Lung Repair During Human Ex Vivo Lung Perfusion.
Bedaquiline resistance in drug-resistant tuberculosis HIV co-infected patients.
A High-Quality Genome Assembly from Short and Long Reads for the Non-biting Midge Chironomus riparius (Diptera).
Response to:  \' Corresponence on  \' Shared epitope defines distinct associations of cigarette smoking with levels of anticitrullinated protein antibody and rheumatoid factor \'  by Ishikawa et al \'  by Regueiro and Gonzalez.
Insights into the Involvement of Spliceosomal Mutations in Myelodysplastic Disorders from Analysis of SACY-1/DDX41 in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Lung function longitudinal study by phenotype and genotype in primary ciliary dyskinesia.
Psychosocial Impacts of Mendelian Eye Conditions: A Systematic Literature Review.
Making the right moves to prevent depression in young people.
Single-Cell Transcriptome Atlas of Murine Endothelial Cells.
Proteogenomic Characterization of Endometrial Carcinoma.
Sphingosine 1-Phosphate Receptor Signaling Establishes AP-1 Gradients to Allow for Retinal Endothelial Cell Specialization.
Genome-wide Association Study for Vitamin D Levels Reveals 69 Independent Loci.
A Conserved Kinase-Based Body-Temperature Sensor Globally Controls Alternative Splicing and Gene Expression.
DNA methylation-driven EMT is a common mechanism of resistance to various therapeutic agents in cancer.
Membrane and synaptic defects leading to neurodegeneration in Adar mutant Drosophila are rescued by increased autophagy.
Testicular expression of TDRD1, TDRD5, TDRD9 and TDRD12 in azoospermia.
Salivary epigenetic biomarkers as predictors of emerging childhood obesity.
Mutational signatures: experimental design and analytical framework.
Large-scale field trial of attractive toxic sugar baits (ATSB) for the control of malaria vector mosquitoes in Mali, West Africa.
Comparative milk proteome analysis of Kashmiri and Jersey cattle identifies differential expression of key proteins involved in immune system regulation and milk quality.
The Functional Consequences of Eukaryotic Topoisomerase 1 Interaction with G-Quadruplex DNA.
Quantitative FRET-FLIM-BlaM to Assess the Extent of HIV-1 Fusion in Live Cells.
Assessing the Preference of Rabbit Does to Social Contact or Seclusion: Results of Different Investigations.
BRAF Exon 15 Mutations in Papillary Carcinoma and Adjacent Thyroid Parenchyma: A Search for the Early Molecular Events Associated with Tumor Development.
Factors Moderating the Association Between Cannabis Use and Psychosis Risk: A Systematic Review.
Hyperfunctioning of the right posterior superior temporal sulcus in response to neutral facial expressions presents an endophenotype of schizophrenia.
Tudor-SN Promotes Early Replication of Dengue Virus in the Aedes aegypti Midgut.
Site-directed mutagenesis of beta sesquiphellandrene synthase enhances enzyme promiscuity.
Defining language disorders in children and adolescents with Noonan Syndrome.
Parallel quorum-sensing system in Vibrio cholerae prevents signal interference inside the host.
Intrahost cytomegalovirus population genetics following antibody pretreatment in a monkey model of congenital transmission.
Genetic variants in the TORC2 gene promoter and their association with body measurement and carcass quality traits in Qinchuan cattle.
IL-28B genotypes as predictors of long-term outcome in patients with hepatitis C-related severe liver injury.
A Drosophila Model for Clostridium difficile Toxin CDT Reveals Interactions with Multiple Effector Pathways.
Contribution of Social Influences through Superposition of Visual and Olfactory Inputs to Circadian Re-entrainment.
The rs4759314 SNP within Hotair lncRNA is associated with risk of multiple sclerosis.
Long non-coding RNAs in immune regulation and their potential as therapeutic targets.
Genomic and functional characterization of fecal sample strains of Proteus cibarius carrying two floR antibiotic resistance genes and a multiresistance plasmid-encoded cfr gene.
Comprehensive Detection of Single Amino Acid Variants and Evaluation of Their Deleterious Potential in a PANC-1 Cell Line.
Wolbachia successfully replicate in a newly established horn fly, Haematobia irritans irritans (L.) (Diptera: Muscidae) cell line.
Exome sequencing identifies the first genetic determinants of sirenomelia in human.
Is leukodystrophy really a feature of PIGT-CDG?
Generation lengths of the world \' s birds and their implications for extinction risk.
Genetic Ancestry Testing: What Is It and Why Is It Important?
Molecular characterization of teosinte branched1 gene governing branching architecture in cultivated maize and wild relatives.
Targeting the anterior cingulate with bipolar and high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation.
Breast tumor tissue inflammation but not lobular involution is associated with survival among breast cancer patients in the Multiethnic Cohort.
ABCB1/4 gallbladder cancer risk variants identified in India also show strong effects in Chileans.
Taxonomic classification and abundance estimation using 16S and WGS-A comparison using controlled reference samples.
The p38/MKP-1 signaling axis in oral cancer: Impact of tumor-associated macrophages.
Function and evolution of the DNA-protein crosslink proteases Wss1 and SPRTN.
Systems biology-based approaches to summarize and identify novel genes and pathways associated with acute and chronic postsurgical pain.
Regulation of aggressive behaviors by nicotinic acetylcholine receptors: Animal models, human genetics, and clinical studies.
Molecular characterization of cobia (Rachycentron canadum) CD4 homologues revealed the first evidence of soluble CD4 in fish.
Prenatal and postnatal phenotype of a pathologic variant in the ATP6AP1 gene.
Next-generation sequencing in prenatal setting: Some examples of unexpected variant association.
Revised Danish guidelines for the cancer surveillance of patients with Cowden Syndrome.
Deep phenotyping of peripheral tissue facilitates mechanistic disease stratification in sporadic Parkinson \' s disease.
Clinical and Functional Reappraisal of Alleged Type 5 Long QT Syndrome-Causative Genetic Variants in the KCNE1-Encoded minK beta-Subunit.
Oral glucose tolerance test results in early pregnancy: A Finnish population-based cohort study.
Metabolic interactions between peroxisomes and mitochondria with a special focus on acylcarnitine metabolism.
Comparative analysis of the P-type ATPase gene family in seven Rosaceae species and an expression analysis in pear (Pyrus bretschneideri Rehd.).
Aneuploid IMR90 cells induced by depletion of pRB, DNMT1 and MAD2 show a common gene expression signature.
Coping with extremes: Remarkably blunt adrenocortical responses to acute stress in two sympatric snow finches on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau during winter relative to other seasons.
Favorable effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in attentional control and conversion rate to psychosis in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
The first glimpse of the endometrial microbiota in early pregnancy.
Pancreatic cancer thrives on hijacking a homeostatic tissue repair pathway.
The genome of the sea anemone Actinia equina (L.): Meiotic toolkit genes and the question of sexual reproduction.
Facilitated referral pathway for genetic testing at the time of ovarian cancer diagnosis: uptake of genetic counseling and testing and impact on patient-reported stress, anxiety and depression.
How many more data is required to give the kidney the attention it deserves? Time to act for the "Big Five" of cardiovascular risk.
Mapping behavioral landscapes in Down syndrome animal models.
Genetic and epigenetic pathways in Down syndrome: Insights to the brain and immune system from humans and mouse models.
Suppressing proteasome mediated processing of Topoisomerase II DNA-protein complexes preserves genome integrity.
Competition between kinesin-1 and myosin-V defines Drosophila posterior determination.
Association of IL-6 -174G &gt; C Polymorphism with Susceptibility to Childhood Sepsis: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Seven new Neocallimastigomycota genera from wild, zoo-housed, and domesticated herbivores greatly expand the taxonomic diversity of the phylum.
Use of ultra-rapid whole-exome sequencing to diagnose congenital central hypoventilation syndrome.
Hepatocyte nuclear factor 4alpha negatively regulates connective tissue growth factor during liver regeneration.
Revealing the binding and drug resistance mechanism of amprenavir, indinavir, ritonavir, and nelfinavir complexed with HIV-1 protease due to double mutations G48T/L89M by molecular dynamics simulations and free energy analyses.
Cellular sensing platform with enhanced sensitivity based on optogenetic modulation of cell homeostasis.
The cross-sectional and longitudinal relationship between overgeneral autobiographical memory and adolescent depression in a UK population-based cohort.
Associations between major depressive symptoms and drinking onset: Do sex and age matter?
Interactions of the GABRG2 polymorphisms and childhood trauma on suicide attempt and related traits in depressed patients.
Depression predicts the risk of adverse events after percutaneous coronary intervention: A meta-analysis.
Zika virus-spread, epidemiology, genome, transmission cycle, clinical manifestation, associated challenges, vaccine and antiviral drug development.
The relation of gender role attitudes with depression and generalised anxiety disorder in two Russian cities.
Comparative analysis of the viral interferon regulatory factors of KSHV for their requisite for virus production and inhibition of the type I interferon pathway.
Recognizing peripheral ecosystems in marine protected areas: A case study of golden jellyfish lakes in Raja Ampat, Indonesia.
Health technology assessment-based approach to flow cytometric immunophenotyping of acute leukemias: a literature classification.
HIV-1 did not contribute to the 2019-nCoV genome.
Developmental genome-wide DNA methylation asymmetry between mouse placenta and embryo.
Mitochondrial genome-wide association study of migraine - the HUNT Study.
Identification of two compound heterozygous VPS13A large deletions in chorea-acanthocytosis only by protein and quantitative DNA analysis.
Bilateral aniridia and congenital ureteral valve: Role of genetic testing.
The clinical spectrum of BICD2 mutations.
Deciphering the miRNA transcriptome of Rongchang pig longissimus dorsi at weaning and slaughter time points.
A common genetic variant rs2821557 in KCNA3 is linked to the severity of multiple sclerosis.
A rare karyotype of nonmosaic isodicentric (Y) (p11.31) with azoospermia and short stature.
Does SARS-CoV-2 has a longer incubation period than SARS and MERS?
Genetic basis of neurodevelopmental disorders in 103 Jordanian families.
Genetic Testing in Pediatric Kidney Disease.
Patient-Derived Xenograft and Mice Models in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Under-carboxylated osteocalcin regulates glucose and lipid metabolism during pregnancy and lactation in rats.
A genome-wide association study on medulloblastoma.
Gene-mating dynamic evolution theory II: global stability of N-gender-mating polyploid systems.
Session 1SEA-physics of chromatin dynamics at the 57th Biophysical Society of Japan meeting.
Oral antimicrobial activity weakened in children with electronic waste lead exposure.
Lymphocyte Subgroups and KREC Numbers in Common Variable Immunodeficiency: A Single Center Study.
Postnatal Effects of Sex Hormones on Click-Evoked Otoacoustic Emissions: A Study of Adolescents with Gender Dysphoria.
Gridlock and beltways: the genetic context of urban invasions.
Determining the incidence of rare diseases.
The monogenic basis of human tuberculosis.
Human genetics of leishmania infections.
Two novel cases further expand the phenotype of TOR1AIP1-associated nuclear envelopathies.
Discordant nodal staging identifies intermediate-risk group for overall survival in patients with cT3 oesophageal adenocarcinoma.
A novel NLRP7 protein-truncating mutation associated with discordant and divergent p57 immunostaining in diploid biparental and triploid digynic moles.
Implications of New Understandings of Gliomas in Children and Adults with NF1: Report of a Consensus Conference.
Identification of novel variants and candidate genes associated with porcine bone mineral density using genome-wide association study.
Ivosidenib to treat adult patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia.
Proteus mirabilis outcompetes Klebsiella pneumoniae in artificial urine medium through secretion of ammonia and other volatile compounds.
Growth and other health outcomes of 2-year-old singletons born after IVM versus controlled ovarian stimulation in mothers with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Evolutionary analysis of the most polymorphic gene family in falciparum malaria.
Data on the genome analysis of the wood-rotting fungus Steccherinum ochraceum LE-BIN 3174.
Thalamic, hippocampal and basal ganglia pathology in primary lateral sclerosis and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: Evidence from quantitative imaging data.
Manufacturing Dendritic Cells for Immunotherapy: Monocyte Enrichment.
Advances in drug therapy for mitochondrial diseases.
Clinical features and genetic characteristics of hereditary diffuse leukoencephalopathy with spheroids due to CSF1R mutation: a case report and literature review.
Response to: Investigating the neurobehavioral symptoms of neuronopathic Hunter syndrome.
Controlling for body size leads to inferential biases in the biological sciences.
Evolutionary genomics can improve prediction of species \'  responses to climate change.
Cartilage tissue formation from human adipose-derived stem cells via herbal component (Avocado/soybean unsaponifiables) in scaffold-free culture system.
Evaluating the effect of remote ischemic preconditioning on kidney ischemia-reperfusion injury.
A systematic integrative approach reveals novel microRNAs in diabetic nephropathy.
Effect of IGFBP2 Overexpression on the Expression of Fatty Acid Synthesis Genes in Primary Cultured Chicken Hepatocytes.
Metabolic Stroke: A Novel Presentation in a Child with Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency.
Integration of ovular signals and exocytosis of a Ca2+ channel by MLOs in pollen tube guidance.
The morbid genome of ciliopathies: an update.
Evaluation of current genetic testing reports in German-speaking countries with regard to secondary use and future electronic implementation.
Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome: what is the actual risk for couples carriers of the DHCR7:c.964-1G&gt;C variant?
Cytoplasmic-predominant Pten increases microglial activation and synaptic pruning in a murine model with autism-like phenotype.
Deletion of a conserved Gata2 enhancer impairs haemogenic endothelium programming and adult Zebrafish haematopoiesis.
Radiogenomics predicts the expression of microRNA-1246 in the serum of esophageal cancer patients.
TAK1 signaling regulates p53 through a mechanism involving ribosomal stress.
Conversion of chemical to mechanical energy by the nucleotide binding domains of ABCB1.
Quantifying residue-specific conformational dynamics of a highly reactive 29-mer peptide.
Refined detection and phasing of structural aberrations in pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia by linked-read whole-genome sequencing.
Enhanced homologous recombination by the modulation of targeting vector ends.
Low expression of pro-apoptotic proteins Bax, Bak and Smac indicates prolonged progression-free survival in chemotherapy-treated metastatic melanoma.
A living biobank of ovarian cancer ex vivo models reveals profound mitotic heterogeneity.
CUL4B contributes to cancer stemness by repressing tumor suppressor miR34a in colorectal cancer.
PERK-mediated expression of peptidylglycine alpha-amidating monooxygenase supports angiogenesis in glioblastoma.
Coalescence modeling of intrainfection Bacillus anthracis populations allows estimation of infection parameters in wild populations.
LIN9 and NEK2 are core regulators of mitotic fidelity that can be therapeutically targeted to overcome taxane resistance.
Genome Sequence of Flavobacteriaceae Strain W22, Isolated from a Tree Hole Mosquito Habitat.
Investigating the genetic susceptibility to exertional heat illness.
Phenotype of genetically confirmed Silver-Russell syndrome beyond childhood.
Excess of singleton loss-of-function variants in Parkinson \' s disease contributes to genetic risk.
Utility of clinical comprehensive genomic characterisation for diagnostic categorisation in patients presenting with hypocellular bone marrow failure syndromes.
Hemochromatosis proteins are dispensable for the acute hepcidin response to BMP2.
Effectiveness and safety of ruxolitinib for the treatment of refractory systemic idiopathic juvenile arthritis like associated with interstitial lung disease : a case report.
Clinical, pathological and dermoscopic phenotype of MITF p.E318K carrier cutaneous melanoma patients.
Multifaceted characterization of the signatures and efficacy of mesenchymal stem/stromal cells in acquired aplastic anemia.
Improved recovery of cell-cycle gene expression in Saccharomyces cerevisiae from regulatory interactions in multiple omics data.
Evolutionary history of two cryptic species of northern African jerboas.
What animals can teach us about evolution, the human genome, and human disease.
Clinical, genetic, and brain imaging predictors of risk for bipolar disorder in high-risk individuals.
5-HTP Promotes Milk Calcium Level via MiR-99a-3p/ATP2B1 Axis in Goat Mammary Epithelial Cells.
A genome-wide association study of reproduction traits in four pig populations with different genetic backgrounds.
Mitochondrial DNA variation and phylogeography of native Mongolian goats.
Genetic parameters and trends for production traits of dairy cattle in Thailand using a multiple-trait multiple-lactation test day model.
Genomic selection through single-step genomic BLUP improves the accuracy of evaluation in Hanwoo cattle.
Effect of L-carnitine on sperm quality during liquid storage of boar semen.
Comparison of carcass and meat quality traits between lean and fat Pekin ducks.
The effectiveness of genomic selection for milk production traits of Holstein dairy cattle.
Assessment of pregnancy-associated glycoprotein profile in milk for early pregnancy diagnosis in goats.
Indoleacetic Acid Levels in Wheat and Rice Seedlings under Oxygen Deficiency and Subsequent Reoxygenation.
Generation of Simian Rotavirus Reassortants with VP4- and VP7-Encoding Genome Segments from Human Strains Circulating in Africa Using Reverse Genetics.
Sensory and Physicochemical Analysis of Meat from Bovine Breeds in Different Livestock Production Systems, Pre-Slaughter Handling Conditions and Ageing Time.
Distinct Roles of mTOR Targets S6K1 and S6K2 in Breast Cancer.
Metabolomics to Improve the Diagnostic Efficiency of Inborn Errors of Metabolism.
Novel Basic Science Insights to Improve the Management of Heart Failure: Review of the Working Group on Cellular and Molecular Biology of the Heart of the Italian Society of Cardiology.
Could Western Attitudes towards Edible Insects Possibly be Influenced by Idioms Containing Unfavourable References to Insects, Spiders and other Invertebrates?
Bone Control of Muscle Function.
In Vitro Fumonisin Biosynthesis and Genetic Structure of Fusarium verticillioides Strains from Five Mediterranean Countries.
Stevia Rebaudiana Bertoni, a Source of High-Potency Natural Sweetener-Biochemical and Genetic Characterization.
Tendon Extracellular Matrix Remodeling and Defective Cell Polarization in the Presence of Collagen VI Mutations.
Fucose Ameliorates Tryptophan Metabolism and Behavioral Abnormalities in a Mouse Model of Chronic Colitis.
The Ser290Asn and Thr715Pro Polymorphisms of the SELP Gene Are Associated with A Lower Risk of Developing Acute Coronary Syndrome and Low Soluble P-Selectin Levels in A Mexican Population  .
Microbiome of the first stool after birth and infantile colic.
Transcriptome analysis reveals dysregulation of genes involved in oxidative phosphorylation in a murine model of retinopathy of prematurity.
Early Detection of the Risk of Developing Psychiatric Disorders: A Study of 461 Chinese University Students under Chronic Stress.
Turning the "Phage" on Malnutrition and Stunting.
In the Anti-CRISPR Jungle, Only the Weak Thrive?
Evolution of microsporidia: An extremely successful group of eukaryotic intracellular parasites.
The role of resting myocardial blood flow and myocardial blood flow reserve as a predictor of major adverse cardiovascular outcomes.
Effect of pregravid obesity on perinatal outcomes in singleton pregnancies following in vitro fertilization and the weight-loss goals to reduce the risks of poor pregnancy outcomes: A retrospective cohort study.
Codon and amino acid content are associated with mRNA stability in mammalian cells.
A molecular barcode to inform the geographical origin and transmission dynamics of Plasmodium vivax malaria.
Magnetic genes: Studying the genetics of biomineralization in magnetotactic bacteria.
In vivo glucoregulation and tissue-specific glucose uptake in female Akt substrate 160 kDa knockout rats.
Relevance of TNF-alpha, IL-6 and IRAK1 gene expression for assessing disease severity and therapy effects in tuberculosis patients.
Construction of three half-sib SSR linkage maps derived from overwintering cultivated rice and segregation distortion loci mapping.
Triple Therapy for Cystic Fibrosis with a Phe508del CFTR Mutation. Reply.
Triple Therapy for Cystic Fibrosis with a Phe508del CFTR Mutation.
Outbreak of Listeriosis in South Africa Associated with Processed Meat.
Selenium-Containing Nanoparticles Combine the NK Cells Mediated Immunotherapy with Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy.
What Doesn \' t Kill You Makes You Stronger: Transposons as Dual Players in Chromatin Regulation and Genomic Variation.
Fracture healing in collagen-related preclinical models of Osteogenesis Imperfecta.
Microbial sources of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and the prospect of organic residues and wastes as growth media for PUFA-producing microorganisms.
Baby genomics: tracing the evolutionary changes that gave rise to placentation.
A large-scale resource for tissue-specific CRISPR mutagenesis in Drosophila.
Benzisothiazolone Derivatives Exhibit Cytotoxicity in Hodgkin \' s Lymphoma Cells through NF-kB Inhibition and are Synergistic with Doxorubicin and Etoposide.
DGAT1 K232A polymorphism is associated with milk production traits in Chinese cattle.
A Unifying Framework for Imputing Summary Statistics in Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Inhibiting DosRST as a new approach to tuberculosis therapy.
Context-Specific Nested Effects Models.
Genetic considerations for adults with congenital heart disease.
MECP2 duplication syndrome in a patient from Cameroon.
Comparison of paired cerebrospinal fluid and serum cell-free mitochondrial and nuclear DNA with copy number and fragment length.
An advanced in vitro model to assess glaucoma onset.
Low-density lipoproteins cause atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease: pathophysiological, genetic, and therapeutic insights: a consensus statement from the European Atherosclerosis Society Consensus Panel.
GC bias affects genomic and metagenomic reconstructions, underrepresenting GC-poor organisms.
Moving proteins along in the cilium.
Distinct host-immune response toward species related intracellular mycobacterial killing: A transcriptomic study.
A roadmap for neurodevelopmental disease modeling for non-stem cell biologists.
Application of circulating tumor DNA in breast cancer.
Women \' s preferences for mode of second birth-A prospective study of two Israeli birth cohorts.
Pharmacokinetics, Safety, and Tolerability of Orally Administered Ursodeoxycholic Acid in Patients With Parkinson \' s Disease-A Pilot Study.
The genetic and clinical landscape of nanophthalmos and posterior microphthalmos in an Australian cohort.
THBS1 facilitates colorectal liver metastasis through enhancing epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Novel intronic variant in PALB2 gene and effective prevention of Fanconi anemia in family.
Co-occurrence of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 4 and spinal neurofibromatosis: a case report.
Effect of growth hormone gene polymorphism on growth traits in migratory Gaddi goats of Western Himalayas, India.
Phage vB_BveM-Goe7 represents a new genus in the subfamily Bastillevirinae.
Cognitive profiles discriminate between genetic variants of behavioral frontotemporal dementia.
Special issue on "Molecular genetics of aging and longevity": a critical time in the field of geroscience.
Efficient evaluation of a gene containment system for poplar through early flowering induction.
The Drosophila MLR COMPASS complex is essential for programming cis-regulatory information and maintaining epigenetic memory during development.
Pilocytic Astrocytoma demethylation and transcriptional landscapes link bZIP transcription factors to immune response.
Color characteristics, pigment accumulation and biosynthetic analyses of leaf color variation in herbaceous peony (Paeonia lactiflora Pall.).
All disease begins in the (leaky) gut: role of zonulin-mediated gut permeability in the pathogenesis of some chronic inflammatory diseases.
CD26-Related Serum Biomarkers: sCD26 Protein, DPP4 Activity, and Anti-CD26 Isotype Levels in a Colorectal Cancer-Screening Context.
CellTagging: combinatorial indexing to simultaneously map lineage and identity at single-cell resolution.
Measurement of differential chromatin interactions with absolute quantification of architecture (AQuA-HiChIP).
Author Correction: Transcription phenotypes of pancreatic cancer are driven by genomic events during tumor evolution.
Loss-of-function variants in CTNNA1 detected on multigene panel testing in individuals with gastric or breast cancer.
The promise and challenge of therapeutic genome editing.
MAFG-driven astrocytes promote CNS inflammation.
IL-15, gluten and HLA-DQ8 drive tissue destruction in coeliac disease.
Publisher Correction: Butler enables rapid cloud-based analysis of thousands of human genomes.
Mammalian ALKBH1 serves as an N6-mA demethylase of unpairing DNA.
Correction: Comprehensive analysis of 204 sporadic hydatidiform moles: revisiting risk factors and their correlations with the molar genotypes.
Meta-analysis and systematic review of ADGRL3 (LPHN3) polymorphisms in ADHD susceptibility.
Early-life trauma endophenotypes and brain circuit-gene expression relationships in functional neurological (conversion) disorder.
Glial cell diversity and methamphetamine-induced neuroinflammation in human cerebral organoids.
Transmission characteristics of SMN from 227 spinal muscular atrophy core families in China.
Author Correction: Functional analysis of new human Bardet-Biedl syndrome loci specific variants in the zebrafish model.
Challenging the concept that eumelanin is the polymorphic brown banded pigment in Cepaea nemoralis.
Using null models to compare bacterial and microeukaryotic metacommunity assembly under shifting environmental conditions.
Population genetics of the European rabbit along a rural-to-urban gradient.
Author Correction: Novel Bead-Based Epitope Assay is a sensitive and reliable tool for profiling epitope-specific antibody repertoire in food allergy.
ATM and PRDM9 regulate SPO11-bound recombination intermediates during meiosis.
Crystal structure of Drosophila Piwi.
Deriving disease modules from the compressed transcriptional space embedded in a deep autoencoder.
[AN ADULT CASE OF PERIODIC FEVER, APHTHOUS STOMATITIS, PHARYNGITIS, AND ADENITIS (PFAPA) SYNDROME DEVELOPED IN CHILDHOOD AND DIAGNOSED AFTER PROGRESS MORE THAN 30 YEARS].
[STRATEGIC OUTLOOK TOWARD 2030: JAPAN \' S RESEARCH FOR ALLERGY AND IMMUNOLOGY].
Histone H3 methylation orchestrates transcriptional program in mouse spermatogenic cell line.
Deciphering immune mechanisms in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathies.
Endothelial cell-glucocorticoid receptor interactions and regulation of Wnt signaling.
Villin Controls the Formation and Enlargement of Punctate Actin Foci in Pollen Tubes.
Reverse genetics reveals a role of the rotavirus VP3 phosphodiesterase activity in inhibiting RNase L signaling and contributing to intestinal viral replication in vivo.
Contribution of de novo and inherited rare CNVs to very preterm birth.
Homozygous mutations in DZIP1 can induce asthenoteratospermia with severe MMAF.
Variants in LRRC34 reveal distinct mechanisms for predisposition to papillary thyroid carcinoma.
Two drugs converged in a pancreatic beta cell.
Sex Chromosome Evolution in Muscid Flies.
Mendelian randomization of circulating polyunsaturated fatty acids and colorectal cancer risk.
Preface: 17th International HLA and Immunogenetics Workshop.
NAFLD and autoimmune hepatitis: Do not judge a book by its cover.
[Association of microRNA expression before and after drug therapy with clinical symptoms in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder].
[Association of interleukin-23 receptor and interleukin-17 single nucleotide polymorphisms with necrotizing enterocolitis in Chinese Han preterm infants].
Assembly of hundreds of novel bacterial genomes from the chicken caecum.
Evaluating a couple-based intervention addressing sexual concerns for breast cancer survivors: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Genotyping structural variants in pangenome graphs using the vg toolkit.
Unmasking Retinitis Pigmentosa complex cases by a whole genome sequencing algorithm based on open-access tools: hidden recessive inheritance and potential oligogenic variants.
The complex neurobiology of resilient functioning after childhood maltreatment.
The wild species genome ancestry of domestic chickens.
Amniotic fluid cell-free transcriptome: a glimpse into fetal development and placental cellular dynamics during normal pregnancy.
In depth analysis of the association of FTO SNP (rs9939609) with the expression of classical phenotype of PCOS: a Sri Lankan study.
Association of IL-10 gene promoter polymorphisms with susceptibility to pseudoexfoliation syndrome, pseudoexfoliative and primary open-angle glaucoma.
Potential biomarkers of ductal carcinoma in situ progression.
Novel PAK3 gene missense variant associated with two Chinese siblings with intellectual disability: a case report.
In silico identification and assessment of insecticide target sites in the genome of the small hive beetle, Aethina tumida.
Characterization of plant growth-promoting rhizobacteria from perennial ryegrass and genome mining of novel antimicrobial gene clusters.
Beyond large-effect loci: large-scale GWAS reveals a mixed large-effect and polygenic architecture for age at maturity of Atlantic salmon.
[Investigation and Genotyping of Chlamydia psittaci ompA Gene in Pigeon (Columbia domestica) Feces].
[Evaluation of Microscopic Examination, Culture and Polymerase Chain Reaction Tests in the Diagnosis of Trichomonas vaginalis Infection].
[Investigation of Anti-HCV S/CO Value in Detecting Viremia in Patients with Hepatitis C Virus Infection].
[Comparison of mRNA Levels of Stimulator of Interferon Genes (STING) in Individuals with Natural Immunity to Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), and in those with Chronic Hepatitis B Infection and without HBV].
[Existence of Biofilm and Biofilm-Associated Virulence Genes in Multi-Drug Resistant Invasive Acinetobacter baumannii Isolates].
[Investigation of Antibiotic Resistance and Virulence Factors of Enterococcus faecium and Enterococcus faecalis Strains Isolated from Clinical Samples].
[Virulence Genes, Antibiotic Susceptibility Profiles and Molecular Characterization of Campylobacter Species Isolated from Different Slaughterhouses].
[Determination of the Subspecies of Francisella tularensis Isolated in Turkey by Molecular Methods].
Phytoestrogen-containing diets offer benefits for mouse embryology but lead to fewer offspring being produced.
Prenatal Sonographic Detection of Monochorionic Twins with Bipartite Placenta.
Neuro-protective effects of nano-formulated hesperetin in a traumatic brain injury model of Danio rerio.
Molecular mechanisms of action of hesperidin in cancer: Recent trends and advancements.
Transposon Insertion Mutagenesis in Mice for Modeling Human Cancers: Critical Insights Gained and New Opportunities.
Genetic Differentiation in Hatchery and Stocked Populations of Sea Trout in the Southern Baltic: Selection Evidence at SNP Loci.
The Impact of the Circadian Genes CLOCK and ARNTL on Myocardial Infarction.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis Identifying the Different Molecular Genetic Markers Related to Production Performance and Meat Quality in Longissimus Dorsi Tissues of MG x STH and STH Sheep.
Correction: Moller, P.; et al. Causes for Frequent Pathogenic BRCA1 Variants Include Low Penetrance in Fertile Ages, Recurrent De-Novo Mutations and Genetic Drift. Cancers 2019, 11, 132.
Comparison of CRISPR and Marker-Based Methods for the Engineering of Phage T7.
Requirements Analysis and Specification for a Molecular Tumor Board Platform Based on cBioPortal.
Dynamics and Regulations of BimEL Ser65 and Thr112 Phosphorylation in Porcine Granulosa Cells during Follicular Atresia.
Overexpression of Tamarix hispida ThTrx5 Confers Salt Tolerance to Arabidopsis by Activating Stress Response Signals.
Spatio-Temporal Variations in Groundwater Revealed by GRACE and Its Driving Factors in the Huang-Huai-Hai Plain, China.
Understanding the Role of the Transcription Factor Sp1 in Ovarian Cancer: from Theory to Practice.
Testosterone Promotes the Proliferation of Chicken Embryonic Myoblasts Via Androgen Receptor Mediated PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
Role of Endogenous Regulators of Hem- And Lymphangiogenesis in Corneal Transplantation.
Trends and current state of research on greater one-horned rhinoceros (Rhinoceros unicornis): A systematic review of the literature over a period of 33 years (1985-2018).
Toxicological effects of AgNPs on duckweed (Landoltia punctata).
Novel tau filament fold in corticobasal degeneration.
Association between shorter leukocyte telomeres and multiple sclerosis.
Odontogenic myxomas lack PDGFRB mutations reported in myofibromas.
Tracheid Associated Transcription Factors in Loblolly Pine.
Regulated changes in material properties underlie centrosome disassembly during mitotic exit.
Twelve-year trend in the prevalence of high-risk human papillomavirus infection among Rwandan women living with HIV.
Estradiol-inducible AvrRps4 expression reveals distinct properties of TIR-NLR-mediated effector-triggered immunity.
Phylogenetic analysis reveals an ancient gene duplication as the origin of the MdtABC efflux pump.
Do honey bee (Apis mellifera) foragers recruit their nestmates to native forbs in reconstructed prairie habitats?
Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference for Cancer Metabolism and Therapy, October 12-14, 2018, Shanghai, China.
Surfactant protein A expression and distribution in human lung samples from smokers with or without chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in China.
Long non-coding RNA HANR as a biomarker for the diagnosis and prognosis of colorectal cancer.
Identification of hub genes, key pathways, and therapeutic agents in Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria syndrome using bioinformatics analysis.
Long non-coding RNA small nucleolar RNA host gene 7 expression level in prostate cancer tissues predicts the prognosis of patients with prostate cancer.
MicroRNA-206 predicts raised fetal growth retardation risk through the interaction with vascular endothelial growth factor in pregnancies.
High resistance to reverse transcriptase inhibitors among persons infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 subtype circulating recombinant form 02_AG in Ghana and on antiretroviral therapy.
Identification of two novel variants in GAA underlying infantile-onset Pompe disease in two Pakistani families.
Simple and non-invasive screening method for diabetes based on myoinositol levels in urine samples collected at home.
Contribution of increasing plasma membrane to the energetic cost of early zebrafish embryogenesis.
Chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan Windpipe modulates Hedgehog signaling in Drosophila.
Novel polymorphism of HSP70 gene affected caprine physiological vital parameters.
The antiepileptic drug carbamazepine binds to a novel pocket on the Wnt receptor Frizzled-8.
Association of West African ancestry and blood pressure control among African Americans taking antihypertensive medication in the Jackson Heart Study.
Human Ebp1 rescues the synthetic lethal growth of fission yeast cells lacking Cdb4 and Nup184.
Prevalence of HCV Resistance-Associated Substitutions amongTreatment FailurePatients receiving Direct-Acting Antiviral Agents.
Expanding the Molecular and Clinical Phenotypes of FUT8-CDG.
Association of Monogenic vs Polygenic Hypercholesterolemia With Risk of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease.
Trends in Premature Deaths Among Adults in the United States and Latin America.
An Investigation of Psychosis Subgroups With Prognostic Validation and Exploration of Genetic Underpinnings: The PsyCourse Study.
Association of a Reproducible Epigenetic Risk Profile for Schizophrenia With Brain Methylation and Function.
ASSOCIATION OF IL-8 -251T&gt;A (RS4073) POLYMORPHISM WITH SUSCEPTIBILITY TO GASTRIC CANCER: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW AND META-ANALYSIS BASED ON 33 CASE-CONTROL STUDIES.
The effect of Maras powder and smoking on the microRNA deregulation of oral mucosa.
Genetic Variation in Type 1 Diabetes Reconfigures the 3D Chromatin Organization of T Cells and Alters Gene Expression.
The Repertoire of Serous Ovarian Cancer Non-genetic Heterogeneity Revealed by Single-Cell Sequencing of Normal Fallopian Tube Epithelial Cells.
Circles with a Point: New Insights into Oncogenic Extrachromosomal DNA.
Opening a Door to PARP Inhibitor-Induced Lethality in HR-Proficient Human Tumor Cells.
De Novo Centromere Formation: One \' s Company, Two \' s a Crowd.
A FLCN-TFE3 Feedback Loop Prevents Excessive Glycogenesis and Phagocyte Activation by Regulating Lysosome Activity.
Synthetic Analyses of Single-Cell Transcriptomes from Multiple Brain Organoids and Fetal Brain.
NAD+ Repletion Rescues Female Fertility during Reproductive Aging.
Partial Inhibition of RNA Polymerase I Promotes Animal Health and Longevity.
Derivation of trophoblast stem cells from naive human pluripotent stem cells.
JMJD6 cleaves MePCE to release positive transcription elongation factor b (P-TEFb) in higher eukaryotes.
Discordant bioinformatic predictions of antimicrobial resistance from whole-genome sequencing data of bacterial isolates: an inter-laboratory study.
Microglia in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Caffeoylquinic acids with potential biological activity from plant in vitro cultures as alternative sources of valuable natural products.
Are we ready for the new fatal Coronavirus: scenario of Pakistan?
Acetaldehyde dehydrogenase 2 deficiency increases mitochondrial ROS emission and induces mitochondrial protease Omi/HtrA2 in skeletal muscle.
Three-year outcomes with brentuximab vedotin plus bendamustine as first salvage therapy in relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma.
[INNOVATIONS IN RESEARCH OF HEREDITARY DEAFNESS].
Evaluation of the Metabotype Concept Identified in an Irish Population in the German KORA Cohort Study.
A homozygous missense variant of SUMF1 in the Bedouin population extends the clinical spectrum in ultrarare neonatal multiple sulfatase deficiency.
Critical assessment of secondary findings in genes linked to primary arrhythmia syndromes.
FANCL gene mutations in premature ovarian insufficiency.
Genetic diversity, structure, and demography of Pandanus boninensis (Pandanaceae) with sea drifted seeds, endemic to the Ogasawara Islands of Japan: comparison between young and old islands.
Left Ventricular Apical Thinning.
Power calculation for the general two-sample Mendelian randomization analysis.
Variation analysis of SOX8 gene in Chinese men with non-obstructive azoospermia or oligozoospermia.
Diagnosis and Management of Pulmonary Hypertension in the Modern Era: Insights from the 6th World Symposium.
The role of environmental stress and DNA methylation in the longitudinal course of bipolar disorder.
Human Inborn Errors of Immunity: 2019 Update of the IUIS Phenotypical Classification.
Correction to: Inhibition of NADPH Oxidase-Derived Reactive Oxygen Species Decreases Expression of Inflammatory Cytokines in A549 Cells.
Missense PALB2 germline variant disrupts nuclear localization of PALB2 in a patient with breast cancer.
Oxygen response of leaf CO2 compensation points used to determine Rubisco specificity factors of gymnosperm species.
Metabolism, ATP production and biofilm generation by Staphylococcus epidermidis in either respiratory or fermentative conditions.
Epigenetic crosstalk in chronic infection with HIV-1.
Opposing Changes in the Functional Architecture of Large-Scale Networks in Bipolar Mania and Depression.
Association analysis of loci implied in  \' buffering \'  epistasis.
TRlnc: a comprehensive database for human transcriptional regulatory information of lncRNAs.
ClinEpiDB: an open-access clinical epidemiology database resource encouraging online exploration of complex studies.
Comparative Study Between Functional MR Urography and Renal Scintigraphy to Evaluate Drainage Curves and Split Renal Function in Children With Congenital Anomalies of Kidney and Urinary Tract (CAKUT).
Restriction Spectrum Imaging Differentiates True Tumor Progression From Immune-Mediated Pseudoprogression: Case Report of a Patient With Glioblastoma.
The Role of Intraarterial Chemotherapy in the Management of Retinoblastoma.
Novel mucosal adjuvant, mastoparan-7, improves cocaine vaccine efficacy.
Brain microRNAs associated with late-life depressive symptoms are also associated with cognitive trajectory and dementia.
Genetic associations with mathematics tracking and persistence in secondary school.
A novel nonsense mutation of ERCC2 in a Vietnamese family with xeroderma pigmentosum syndrome group D.
Novel CUL7 biallelic mutations alter the skeletal phenotype of 3M syndrome.
Recent advances in understanding regulation of the Arabidopsis circadian clock by local cellular environment.
The miR-34 family and its clinical significance in ovarian cancer.
Mechanism of action and therapeutic benefit of rifaximin in patients with irritable bowel syndrome: a narrative review.
Genomic Diversity Evaluation of Populus trichocarpa Germplasm for Rare Variant Genetic Association Studies.
The X Files: "The Mystery of X Chromosome Instability in Alzheimer \' s Disease".
Aspergillus fumigatus Infection in Humans With STAT3-Deficiency Is Associated With Defective Interferon-Gamma and Th17 Responses.
Enhanced Delivery of Rituximab Into Brain and Lymph Nodes Using Timed-Release Nanocapsules in Non-Human Primates.
DPD Testing Before Treatment With Fluoropyrimidines in the Amsterdam UMCs: An Evaluation of Current Pharmacogenetic Practice.
Correction: GATAD2B-associated neurodevelopmental disorder (GAND): clinical and molecular insights into a NuRD-related disorder.
m6A-dependent biogenesis of circular RNAs in male germ cells.
Alternate approach to stroke phenotyping identifies a genetic risk locus for small vessel stroke.
RASSF10 is frequently epigenetically inactivated in kidney cancer and its knockout promotes neoplasia in cancer prone mice.
Genetic control of variability in subcortical and intracranial volumes.
Nucleosome destabilization by nuclear non-coding RNAs.
Immune protection is dependent on the gut microbiome in a lethal mouse gammaherpesviral infection.
Physiological and transcriptomic analysis provide novel insight into cobalt stress responses in willow.
Author Correction: Visualizing flow in an intact CSF network using optical coherence tomography: implications for human congenital hydrocephalus.
Epigenetic inhibitors target multiple stages of Plasmodium falciparum parasites.
Chemopreventive targeted treatment of head and neck precancer by Wee1 inhibition.
Atomic structures of anthrax toxin protective antigen channels bound to partially unfolded lethal and edema factors.
Both ADP-Ribosyl-Binding and Hydrolase Activities of the Alphavirus nsP3 Macrodomain Affect Neurovirulence in Mice.
Novel Cassette Assay To Quantify the Outer Membrane Permeability of Five beta-Lactams Simultaneously in Carbapenem-Resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae and Enterobacter cloacae.
Decoupling of Apoptosis from Activation of the ER Stress Response by the Drosophila Metallopeptidase superdeath.
Genetic Contributions to Maternal and Neonatal Vitamin D Levels.
A longitudinal study of CMT1A using Rasch analysis based CMT neuropathy and examination scores.
Reply to Peng and Zhao: Loss of endocytic protein TOM1 in Alzheimer \' s disease.
IGLV3-21*01 is an inherited risk factor for CLL through the acquisition of a single-point mutation enabling autonomous BCR signaling.
Decision between mitophagy and apoptosis by Parkin via VDAC1 ubiquitination.
Proteome Analysis of Isolated Podocytes Reveals Stress Responses in Glomerular Sclerosis.
Skipping nonsense to maintain function: the paradigm of BRCA2 exon 12.
A neurobiological framework of separation anxiety and related phenotypes.
Reversible Mitochondrial Fragmentation in iPSC-Derived Cardiomyocytes From Children With DCMA, a Mitochondrial Cardiomyopathy.
[Clinical Cancer Genetics: A guide for the pathologist].
Separating the signal from the noise in metagenomic cell-free DNA sequencing.
Development of genome-wide polymorphic microsatellite markers for Trichinella spiralis.
Choroid plexus LAT2 and SNAT3 as partners in CSF amino acid homeostasis maintenance.
Predominance of the c.648G &gt; T G6PC gene mutation and late complications in Korean patients with glycogen storage disease type Ia.
Correction to: Timing of pubertal stages and breast cancer risk: the Breakthrough Generations Study.
Treating impulsivity with probiotics in adults (PROBIA): study protocol of a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
A 19-isolate reference-quality global pangenome for the fungal wheat pathogen Zymoseptoria tritici.
Association of tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene polymorphisms and coronary artery disease susceptibility: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Characterizing lineage-specific evolution and the processes driving genomic diversification in chordates.
Cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of MWCNT-7 and crocidolite: assessment in alveolar epithelial cells versus their coculture with monocyte-derived macrophages.
Mapping Subcortical Brain Alterations in 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome: Effects of Deletion Size and Convergence With Idiopathic Neuropsychiatric Illness.
Contribution of Intellectual Disability-Related Genes to ADHD Risk and to Locomotor Activity in Drosophila.
Identification of microRNAs that Regulate the MAPK Pathway in Human Cumulus Cells from PCOS Women with Insulin Resistance.
Laparoscopic Ovarian Drilling Improves Endometrial Homeobox Gene Expression in PCOS.
HHV-6A Infection of Endometrial Epithelial Cells Affects miRNA Expression and Trophoblast Cell Attachment.
Peripheral Estrogens in Women with Endometriosis Undergoing IVF.
MiR-93 Inhibits Trophoblast Cell Proliferation and Promotes Cell Apoptosis by Targeting BCL2L2 in Recurrent Spontaneous Abortion.
Cell-Free Fetal DNA Increases Prior to Labor at Term and in a Subset of Preterm Births.
Genome-Wide Identification and Expression Analysis of Auxin Response Factor (ARF) Gene Family in Longan (Dimocarpus longan L.).
Effects of Anchomanes difformis on Inflammation, Apoptosis, and Organ Toxicity in STZ-Induced Diabetic Cardiomyopathy.
Current Approaches to and Future Perspectives on Methomyl Degradation in Contaminated Soil/Water Environments.
NAFLD Preclinical Models: More than a Handful, Less of a Concern?
Peptide Nucleic Acids and Gene Editing: Perspectives on Structure and Repair.
Nuclear Argonaute Piwi Gene Mutation Affects rRNA by Inducing rRNA Fragment Accumulation, Antisense Expression, and Defective Processing in Drosophila Ovaries.
An Overview of the Molecular Genetics of Plant Resistance to the Verticillium Wilt Pathogen Verticillium dahliae.
Transmission of X-linked Ovarian Cancer: Characterization and Implications.
Rapid PCR Method for the Selection of 1,3-Pentadiene Non-Producing Debaryomyces hansenii Yeast Strains.
A Novel Comprehensive Clinical Stratification Model to Refine Prognosis of Glioblastoma Patients Undergoing Surgical Resection.
Precision Medicine in Non-Communicable Diseases.
The Role Played by Wnt/beta-Catenin Signaling Pathway in Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Host Innate Immune Response of Geese Infected with Clade 2.3.4.4 H5N6 Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza Viruses.
Silencing of PARP2 Blocks Autophagic Degradation.
Transcriptomics Reveal Altered Metabolic and Signaling Pathways in Podocytes Exposed to C16 Ceramide-Enriched Lipoproteins.
Co-Translational Protein Folding and Sorting in Chloroplasts.
Snyder-Robinson Syndrome
FLNB-Related Disorders
Genetics of Prostate Cancer (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
Increased antioxidant response in medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency: does lipoic acid have a protective role?
Mathematical Properties of Linkage Disequilibrium Statistics Defined by Normalization of the Coefficient D = pAB - pApB.
Cerebral small vessel disease is associated with gait disturbance among community-dwelling elderly individuals: the Taizhou imaging study.
The Circular RNA circHUWE1 Sponges the miR-29b-AKT3 Axis to Regulate Myoblast Development.
Body mass index and risk of upper gastrointestinal cancer: A 30-year follow-up of the Linxian dysplasia nutrition intervention trial cohort.
Pex3 is involved in the genetic regulation of Nr3c2 expression in the amygdala of mice.
Association between genetic variants in CYP2E1 and CTRC genes and susceptibility to alcoholic pancreatitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Generation of a human induced pluripotent stem cell line (SDUBMSi001-A) from a hereditary spastic paraplegia patient carrying kif1a c.773C&gt;T missense mutation.
Two cases of 16q12.1q21 deletions and refinement of the critical region.
Imerslund-Grasbeck Syndrome presenting with microangiopathic hemolytic anemia in a child.
Bacterial biofilm in colorectal cancer: What is the real mechanism of action?
An early endosome-derived retrograde trafficking pathway promotes secretory granule maturation.
WASP and Mst1 coregulate B-cell development and B-cell receptor signaling.
Mutation accumulation in cancer genes relates to nonoptimal outcome in chronic myeloid leukemia.
High-speed automatic characterization of rare events in flow cytometric data.
HIV-1 subtypes and drug resistance mutations among female sex workers varied in different cities and regions of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Leveraging effect size distributions to improve polygenic risk scores derived from summary statistics of genome-wide association studies.
Transcriptional analysis of wheat seedlings inoculated with Fusarium culmorum under continual exposure to disease defence inductors.
Fibroblast subtypes define a metastatic matrisome in breast cancer.
Adaptive selection in the evolution of programmed cell death-1 and its ligands in vertebrates.
Thyroid dysfunction and cancer incidence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Volatilomes of Cyclocybe aegerita during different stages of monokaryotic and dikaryotic fruiting.
Performance Characteristics of a Targeted Sequencing Platform for Simultaneous Detection of Single Nucleotide Variants, Insertions/Deletions, Copy Number Alterations, and Gene Fusions in Cancer Genome.
An infant with hair like fur of a teddy bear.
Mutations in KRT10 in epidermolytic acanthoma.
Correlated evolution of large DNA fragments in the 3D genome of Arabidopsis thaliana.
pyBedGraph: a Python package for fast operations on 1-dimensional genomic signal tracks.
Bacterial genetics and molecular pathogenesis in the age of high throughput DNA sequencing.
Neuroimaging evaluation and successful treatment by using directional deep brain stimulation and levodopa in a patient with GNAO1-associated movement disorder: A case report.
Perioperative risk factors associated with ICU intervention following select neurosurgical procedures.
A novel gene-wide haplotype at the macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) locus is associated with endometrioma.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the locus coeruleus in healthy adults with parental history of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Biomimetic collagen biomaterial induces in situ lung regeneration by forming functional alveolar.
The McGill score as a screening test for obstructive sleep disordered breathing in children with co-morbidities.
Transcriptomic changes in the nasal epithelium associated with diesel engine exhaust exposure.
Signal peptide missense variant in cancer-brake gene CTLA4 and breast cancer outcomes.
Glutathione catabolism by Treponema denticola impacts its pathogenic potential.
Epididymal protease inhibitor (EPPIN) is a protein hub for seminal vesicle-secreted protein SVS2 binding in mouse spermatozoa.
Importance of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) as an antioxidant and antiatherogenic enzyme in the cardiovascular complications of type 2 diabetes: Genotypic and phenotypic evaluation.
Centromere chromatin structure - Lessons from neocentromeres.
Genetic analysis of familial hypercholesterolemia in Asian Indians: A single-center study.
Pre-Test Probability and Genes and Variants of Uncertain Significance in Familial Long QT Syndrome.
Functional annotation of regulatory single nucleotide polymorphisms associated with schizophrenia.
Causal associations of iron status with gout and rheumatoid arthritis, but not with inflammatory bowel disease.
Recommendations for Follow-Up After Colonoscopy and Polypectomy: A Consensus Update by the US Multi-Society Task Force on Colorectal Cancer.
[MiT family translocation renal cell carcinomas: Natural history, molecular features and multidisciplinary management].
Recommendations for Follow-Up After Colonoscopy and Polypectomy: A Consensus Update by the US Multi-Society Task Force on Colorectal Cancer.
Novel approach to produce biomass-derived oligosaccharides simultaneously by recombinant endoglucanase from Trichoderma reesei.
Clinical evidence does not support corticosteroid treatment for 2019-nCoV lung injury.
Looking below the surface in plants.
The evolutionary plasticity of chromosome metabolism allows adaptation to constitutive DNA replication stress.
Cross-species utility of microsatellite loci for the genetic characterisation of Anisakis berlandi (Nematoda: Anisakidae).
The Project Talent Twin and Sibling Study: Zygosity and New Data Collection.
Platform switch hybrid zygoma implants improve prosthetics and marginal bone protection after extra-sinus placement.
Collaboration is key: identification of a novel cystic fibrosis mutation in three patients of South Asian descent.
A Phase I Study of Alpha-1,3-Galactosyltransferase-Expressing Allogeneic Renal Cell Carcinoma Immunotherapy in Patients with Refractory Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Impact of Baseline Nutrition and Exercise Status on Toxicity and Outcomes in Phase I and II Oncology Clinical Trial Participants.
Predicting sporadic Alzheimer \' s disease progression via inherited Alzheimer \' s disease-informed machine-learning.
Incorporating external information to improve sparse signal detection in rare-variant gene-set-based analyses.
Genotype-Phenotype Correlation and Molecular Heterogeneity in Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency.
Manipulation of sensory characteristics and volatile compounds in strawberry fruit through the use of isolated wavelengths of light.
Increased risk of dizziness in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients taking zidovudine and efavirenz combination: a Brazilian cohort study.
Genetics of Wilson disease and Wilson-like phenotype in a clinical series from eastern Spain.
The Bangladesh Cerebral Palsy Register: the value of surveillance.
Challenges in molecular diagnosis of X-linked Intellectual disability.
Small-molecule G-quadruplex stabilizers reveal a novel pathway of autophagy regulation in neurons.
Pan-mammalian analysis of molecular constraints underlying extended lifespan.
Associations among Soil-Transmitted Helminths, G6PD Deficiency and Asymptomatic Malaria Parasitemia, and Anemia in Schoolchildren from a Conflict Zone of Northeast Myanmar.
Enhanced resistance to Fusarium graminearum in transgenic Arabidopsis plants expressing a modified plant thionin.
Cellular and circuit mechanisms of olfactory associative learning in Drosophila.
Clonal spread of carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii isolates among Bulgarian critically ill patients undergoing renal replacement therapy (2016-2018).
Therapeutic effects of dexpanthenol on the cardiovascular and respiratory systems following cecal ligation and puncture-induced sepsis in rats.
The role of vitamin D in the aetiology of type 1 diabetes.
Relationship between proximity of choriocapillaris flow deficits and enlargement rate of geographic atrophy.
Delineating MT-ATP6-associated disease: From isolated neuropathy to early onset neurodegeneration.
Deep sequencing of mitochondrial DNA and characterization of a novel POLG mutation in a patient with arPEO.
Analysis of FUS, PFN2, TDP-43, and PLS3 as potential disease severity modifiers in spinal muscular atrophy.
Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome due to a paternal mosaic IFIH1 mutation.
Expanding the molecular and phenotypic spectrum of truncating MT-ATP6 mutations.
Analysis of common and rare VPS13C variants in late-onset Parkinson disease.
Critical exon indexing improves clinical interpretation of copy number variants in neurodevelopmental disorders.
Defining and expanding the phenotype of QARS-associated developmental epileptic encephalopathy.
Clinical spectrum of POLR3-related leukodystrophy caused by biallelic POLR1C pathogenic variants.
Psychometric properties of the Friedreich Ataxia Rating Scale.
Environmental and genetic determinants of plasmid mobility in pathogenic Escherichia coli.
Point Mutations in Retargeted gD Eliminate the Sensitivity of EGFR/EGFRvIII-Targeted HSV to Key Neutralizing Antibodies.
In silico analysis for determining the deleterious nonsynonymous single nucleotide polymorphisms of BRCA genes.
Plasma inorganic pyrophosphate and alkaline phosphatase in patients with pseudoxanthoma elasticum.
Mitochondria: the panacea to improve oocyte quality?
Capturing recurrence in urothelial carcinoma: "more than meets the eye".
The N370S/R496H genotype in type 1 Gaucher disease - Natural history and implications for pre symptomatic diagnosis and counseling.
Root Growth Adaptation is Mediated by PYLs ABA Receptor-PP2A Protein Phosphatase Complex.
Behavior and Molecular Genetic Approaches to Comorbidity.
Status Epilepticus as a Consequence of Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis in a Previously Healthy Infant.
Clinical manifestations of episodic ataxia type 5.
Epidemiologic, clinical, and laboratory aspects of leprosy neural relapses.
Diagnosis of a case of homozygous constitutional MMR-deficiency by the use of a gene-panel in a non-consanguineous family: A case report.
Nicotine attenuates global genomic DNA methylation by influencing DNMTs gene expression in human endometrial stromal cells.
Response to mTOR and PI3K inhibitors in enzalutamide-resistant luminal androgen receptor triple-negative breast cancer patient-derived xenografts.
Re-recognition of pseudogenes: From molecular to clinical applications.
Integrating transposable elements in the 3D genome.
LUMI-PCR: an Illumina platform ligation-mediated PCR protocol for integration site cloning, provides molecular quantitation of integration sites.
Non-invasive prenatal test to screen common trisomies in twin pregnancies.
Development of a covalent inhibitor of gut bacterial bile salt hydrolases.
Peripheral CD8+ T cell characteristics associated with durable responses to immune checkpoint blockade in patients with metastatic melanoma.
Using human genetics to understand the disease impacts of testosterone in men and women.
Regenerative lineages and immune-mediated pruning in lung cancer metastasis.
Long-range single-molecule mapping of chromatin accessibility in eukaryotes.
Author Correction: Mapping the proximity interaction network of the Rho-family GTPases reveals signalling pathways and regulatory mechanisms.
Long-term in vivo imaging of Drosophila larvae.
Complete, closed bacterial genomes from microbiomes using nanopore sequencing.
Targeted nanopore sequencing with Cas9-guided adapter ligation.
The hornwort genome and early land plant evolution.
An inferred fitness consequence map of the rice genome.
Synchronization of developmental, molecular and metabolic aspects of source-sink interactions.
BRCA1 and S phase DNA repair pathways restrict LINE-1 retrotransposition in human cells.
Cell fitness screens reveal a conflict between LINE-1 retrotransposition and DNA replication.
A single droplet digital PCR for ESR1 activating mutations detection in plasma.
A high-resolution HLA imputation system for the Taiwanese population: a study of the Taiwan Biobank.
The genetic history of France.
European recommendations and quality assurance for cytogenomic analysis of haematological neoplasms: reponse to the comments from the Francophone Group of Hematological Cytogenetics (GFCH).
Phylogenetic analysis of small ruminant lentiviruses in Germany and Iran suggests their expansion with domestic sheep.
Cancer as a disease of old age: changing mutational and microenvironmental landscapes.
Author Correction: Hybrid de novo whole-genome assembly and annotation of the model tapeworm Hymenolepis diminuta.
Genotype-independent association between vitamin D deficiency and polycystic ovarian syndrome in Lahore, Pakistan.
Author Correction: Circulating Levels of Inflammatory Proteins and Survival in Patients with Gallbladder Cancer.
The novel application of cordycepin in maintaining stem cell pluripotency and increasing iPS cell generation efficiency.
Physiological mechanism underlying the effect of high temperature during anthesis on spikelet-opening of photo-thermo-sensitive genic male sterile rice lines.
A recombinant avian paramyxovirus serotype 3 expressing the hemagglutinin protein protects chickens against H5N1 highly pathogenic avian influenza virus challenge.
The peripheral origin of tap-induced muscle contraction revealed by multi-electrode surface electromyography in human vastus medialis.
Investigation of DNA variants specific to ROBO2 Isoform  \' a \'  in Irish vesicoureteric reflux patients reveals marked CpG island variation.
Probing nanomechanical responses of cell membranes.
Single-cell RNA-sequencing of differentiating iPS cells reveals dynamic genetic effects on gene expression.
Neurology-related protein biomarkers are associated with cognitive ability and brain volume in older age.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies eight new susceptibility loci for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.
STAT3 activates MSK1-mediated histone H3 phosphorylation to promote NFAT signaling in gastric carcinogenesis.
The sexual cell cycle initiation is regulated by CDK19/CYC9 in Tetrahymena thermophila.
miR-196b-5p-mediated downregulation of TSPAN12 and GATA6 promotes tumor progression in non-small cell lung cancer.
Synaptotagmin-7 is a key factor for bipolar-like behavioral abnormalities in mice.
Widespread organ tolerance to Xist loss and X reactivation except under chronic stress in the gut.
The uncharacterized gene EVE contributes to vessel element dimensions in Populus.
The primary mechanism of cytotoxicity of the chemotherapeutic agent CX-5461 is topoisomerase II poisoning.
Extensive clonal branching shapes the evolutionary history of high-risk pediatric cancers.
A circular RNA from the MDM2 locus controls cell cycle progression by suppressing p53 levels.
Staphylococcus aureus fibronectin binding protein A mediates biofilm development and infection.
Branding of subjects affected with genetic syndromes of severe short stature in developing countries.
Clinical Reasoning: A case of bilateral foot drop in a 74-year-old man.
Antagonistic effect of colistin on vancomycin activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in in vitro and in vivo studies.
Body height in young adult men and risk of dementia later in adult life.
Imaging plant germline differentiation within Arabidopsis flowers by light sheet microscopy.
A randomised placebo controlled trial of anakinra for treating pustular psoriasis: statistical analysis plan for stage two of the APRICOT trial.
Barriers and opportunities for breast cancer organizations to focus on environmental health and disease prevention: a mixed-methods approach using website analyses, interviews, and focus groups.
Five new cases of syndromic intellectual disability due to KAT6A mutations: widening the molecular and clinical spectrum.
Six years \'  experience with LipidSeq: clinical and research learnings from a hybrid, targeted sequencing panel for dyslipidemias.
Implementation challenges for an ethical introduction of noninvasive prenatal testing: a qualitative study of healthcare professionals \'  views from Lebanon and Quebec.
Young-onset colorectal cancer in the North East of Scotland: survival, clinico-pathological features and genetics.
Serum miR-101-3p combined with pepsinogen contributes to the early diagnosis of gastric cancer.
QTL mapping of yield component traits on bin map generated from resequencing a RIL population of foxtail millet (Setaria italica).
Conserved defense responses between maize and sorghum to Exserohilum turcicum.
The predictive ability of indirect genetic models is reduced when culled animals are omitted from the data.
Severe hydralazine-induced lupus presenting as systemic lupus erythematosus.
The WUSCHELa (PtoWUSa) is Involved in Developmental Plasticity of Adventitious Root in Poplar.
Host-Receptor Post-Translational Modifications Refine Staphylococcal Leukocidin Cytotoxicity.
Post-Silking Shading Stress Affects Leaf Nitrogen Metabolism of Spring Maize in Southern China.
Plant Cell Walls Tackling Climate Change: Insights into Plant Cell Wall Remodeling, Its Regulation, and Biotechnological Strategies to Improve Crop Adaptations and Photosynthesis in Response to Global Warming.
Homology-Free Detection of Transposable Elements Unveils Their Dynamics in Three Ecologically Distinct Rhodnius Species.
Melittin-A Natural Peptide from Bee Venom Which Induces Apoptosis in Human Leukaemia Cells.
Equal Neutralization Potency of Antibodies Raised against Abrin Subunits.
Size, Surface Functionalization, and Genotoxicity of Gold Nanoparticles In Vitro.
Genotoxic, metabolic, and biological responses of Chironomus sancticaroli Strixino &amp; Strixino, 1981 (Diptera: Chironomidae) after exposure to BBP.
Acute Statin Administration Reduces Levels of Steroid Hormone Precursors.
Pancreatic Stellate Cells: The Key Orchestrator of The Pancreatic Tumor Microenvironment.
Adjunctive Cannabidiol in Patients with Dravet Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Efficacy and Safety.
Identification of a Mutation in SPG11 in an Iranian Patient with Spastic Paraplegia and Ears of the Lynx Sign.
Genetic, Immunological, and Clinical Features of the First Mexican Cohort of Patients with Chronic Granulomatous Disease.
Phenotypes of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: genetics, clinics, and modular imaging.
Cellular dosimetry of [177Lu]Lu-DOTA-[Tyr3]octreotate radionuclide therapy: the impact of modeling assumptions on the correlation with in vitro cytotoxicity.
Quantitative 18F-FDG PET-CT scan characteristics correlate with tuberculosis treatment response.
Purified Terephthalic Acid Wastewater Treatment Using Modified Two-Stage UASB Bioreactor Systems.
Neuroprotective Effects of Chrysin on Diclofenac-Induced Apoptosis in SH-SY5Y Cells.
six3 acts upstream of foxQ2 in labrum and neural development in the spider Parasteatoda tepidariorum.
Fine mapping and gene cloning in the post-NGS era: advances and prospects.
Establishment and characterization of an immortalized human chondrocyte cell line.
The "salt and pepper" pattern on renal ultrasound in a group of children with molecular-proven diagnosis of ciliopathy-related renal diseases.
Herpes simplex virus encephalitis of childhood: inborn errors of central nervous system cell-intrinsic immunity.
"Luke! Luke! Don \' t! It \' s a trap!"-spotlight on bias in animal experiments in nuclear oncology.
Fragile Bones Secondary to SMURF1 Gene Duplication.
Isolated Orotic Aciduria in an 11-Year-Old Boy.
The Silence Speaks, but We Do Not Listen: Synonymous c.1824C&gt;T Gene Variant in the Last Exon of the Prothrombin Gene as a New Prothrombotic Risk Factor.
Cerebellar ataxia, neuropathy, vestibular areflexia syndrome due to RFC1 repeat expansion.
Clinical, morphological and genetic characterization of Brody disease: an international study of 40 patients.
Brain structural covariance networks in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a graph analysis from the ENIGMA Consortium.
CDK1 couples proliferation with protein synthesis.
Genetic variation in POT1 and risk of thyroid subsequent malignant neoplasm: A report from the Childhood Cancer Survivor Study.
Chromatin-enriched RNAs mark active and repressive cis-regulation: An analysis of nuclear RNA-seq.
Science through Wikipedia: A novel representation of open knowledge through co-citation networks.
Whole genome sequencing unveils genetic heterogeneity in optic nerve hypoplasia.
Expression of the muscle-associated gene MYF6 in hairy cell leukemia.
EGF released from human placental mesenchymal stem cells improves premature ovarian insufficiency via NRF2/HO-1 activation.
LDL-C plays a causal role on T2DM: a Mendelian randomization analysis.
50 Years Ago in TheJournalofPediatrics: Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita: A Clinical Investigation.
Is Real-Time ELSI Realistic?
Genomic acquisitions in emerging populations of Xanthomonas vasicola pv. vasculorum infecting corn in the U.S. and Argentina.
Transcriptional alterations of genes related to fertility decline in male rats induced by chronic sleep restriction.
Desiccation Tolerance: Avoiding Cellular Damage During Drying and Rehydration.
Digital droplet PCR and IDAA for the detection of CRISPR indel edits in the malaria species Anopheles stephensi.
Laboratory Maintenance and Growth of Talaromyces marneffei.
Unmet information needs of men with breast cancer and health professionals.
First-Trimester Sonographic Diagnosis Of Sirenomelia: A Multicenter Series Of 12 Cases And Review Of The Literature.
Epidemiology, morbidity and mortality in Behcet \' s disease: a cohort study using The Health Improvement Network (THIN).
Evaluation of the Diagnostic Accuracy of the CareStart  Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency Rapid Diagnostic Test among Chinese Newborns.
Bias due to Berkson error: issues when using predicted values in place of observed covariates.
Using a cross-cohort comparison design to test the role of maternal smoking in pregnancy in child mental health and learning: evidence from two UK cohorts born four decades apart.
Clinical Advances in Sex- and Gender-Informed Medicine to Improve the Health of All: A Review.
The genetics of steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome in adults.
Recommendations for Follow-Up After Colonoscopy and Polypectomy: A Consensus Update by the US Multi-Society Task Force on Colorectal Cancer.
Chronic mTOR activation induces a degradative smooth muscle cell phenotype.
RESTORE: A Prospective Multinational Registry of Patients with Genetically Confirmed Spinal Muscular Atrophy - Rationale and Study Design.
Improved Criteria for the Classification of Titin Variants in Inherited Skeletal Myopathies.
Resilience, disease and the age of single cell science.
Investigation of key miRNAs and potential mechanisms in non-small cell lung cancer development from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Long non-coding RNA MT1JP exerts anti-cancer effects in breast cancer cells by regulating miR-92-3p.
Estrogen can promote the expression of genes related to precocious puberty in GT1-7 mouse hypothalamic GnRH neuronal cell line via activating G protein-coupled estrogen receptor.
Molecular pathogenesis of spontaneous abortions - Whole genome copy number analysis and expression of angiogenic factors.
Prenatal diagnosis of partial monosomy 21q (21q22.1 qter) associated with intrauterine growth restriction and corpus callosum dysgenesis.
GENE EXPRESSION IN PERIPHERAL BLOOD IN TREATMENT-FREE MAJOR DEPRESSION.
A post-transcriptional program of chemoresistance by AU-rich elements and TTP in quiescent leukemic cells.
Germline variants in DNA repair genes associated with hereditary breast and ovarian cancer syndrome: analysis of a 21 gene panel in the Brazilian population.
LINC01420 RNA structure and influence on cell physiology.
Mutation Spectrum of Stickler Syndrome Type I and Genotype-phenotype Analysis in East Asian Population: a systematic review.
Comparative genomics applied to Mucor species with different lifestyles.
High-density genotyping reveals signatures of selection related to acclimation and economically important traits in 15 local sheep breeds from Russia.
SNPs associated with barley resistance to isolates of Pyrenophora teres f. teres.
Genomics research at Bioinformatics of Genome Regulation and Structure\ Systems Biology (BGRS\SB) conferences in Novosibirsk.
The differences in brain stem transcriptional profiling in hypertensive ISIAH and normotensive WAG rats.
Cognitive correlates of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents with high intellectual ability.
Colorectal Cancer in the Adolescent and Young Adult Population.
Posterior column ataxia with retinitis pigmentosa (PCARP) in an Iranian patient associated with the FLVCR1 gene.
Association of interlukine-18 polymorphisms with susceptibility to prostate cancer in Iranian population.
Different chromosome damage in lymphocytes of newly diagnosed gastrointestinal and breast cancer patients.
Assessing the adherence to guidelines in Lynch syndrome patients: a pilot study.
6-Phosphogluconate dehydrogenase fuels multiple aspects of cancer cells: From cancer initiation to metastasis and chemoresistance.
FlhF regulates the number and configuration of periplasmic flagella in Borrelia burgdorferi.
Prenatal sonographic features can accurately determine parental origin in triploid pregnancies.
A systematic review on concurrent aneuploidy screening and preimplantation genetic testing for hereditary disorders: what is the prevalence of aneuploidy and is there a clinical effect from aneuploidy screening?
A Mutation Map for Human Glycoside Hydrolase Genes.
Applications of cerebrospinal fluid circulating tumor DNA in the diagnosis of gliomas.
Using CRISPR/Cas9 to model human liver disease.
Serum lipopolysaccharides predict advanced liver disease in the general population.
From NASH to diabetes and from diabetes to NASH: Mechanisms and treatment options.
Screening of PAH Common Mutations in Chinese Phenylketonuria Patients Using iPLEX MALDI-TOF MS.
NUDT15 genotyping in Caucasian patients can help to optimise thiopurine treatment in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Safety and efficacy of stem cell therapy for treatment of neural damage in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Artificial Intelligence for Cardiac Imaging-Genetics Research.
Characterizing the Binding Sites for GK Domain of DLG1 and DLG4 via Molecular Dynamics Simulation.
Cryopreservation of Human iPS Cell Aggregates in a DMSO-Free Solution-An Optimization and Comparative Study.
Impedance Spectroscopy as a Tool for Monitoring Performance in 3D Models of Epithelial Tissues.
Diubiquitin-Based NMR Analysis: Interactions Between Lys6-Linked diUb and UBA Domain of UBXN1.
Diagnosis and Management of Beckwith-Wiedemann Syndrome.
Assessment of an Antibody-in-Lymphocyte Supernatant Assay for the Etiological Diagnosis of Pneumococcal Pneumonia in Children.
MGMT Expression Contributes to Temozolomide Resistance in H3K27M-Mutant Diffuse Midline Gliomas.
Case of Hereditary Papillary Renal Cell Carcinoma Type I in a Patient With a Germline MET Mutation in Russia.
An Update on Molecular Biology of Cutaneous T Cell Lymphoma.
Long Non-coding RNAs Involved in Resistance to Chemotherapy in Ovarian Cancer.
Implementation of Novel Molecular Biomarkers for Non-small Cell Lung Cancer in the Netherlands: How to Deal With Increasing Complexity.
Comprehensive Analysis of Competitive Endogenous RNAs Network, Being Associated With Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma and Its Emerging Role in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Impact of a novel ultrasound microvascular imaging and elastography on prostate cancer classification.
Correlation between methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphism and oligoasthenospermia and the effects of folic acid supplementation on semen quality.
Molecular studies of lung neuroendocrine neoplasms uncover new concepts and entities.
Comparison of Efficacy of Cannabinoids versus Commercial Oral Care Products in Reducing Bacterial Content from Dental Plaque: A Preliminary Observation.
Neurenteric cyst secondary to lumboperitoneal shunt.
Possible antioxidant mechanism of coenzyme Q10 in diabetes: impact on Sirt1/Nrf2 signaling pathways.
Selection and characterization of single-stranded DNA aptamers against interleukin-5.
4See: A Flexible Browser to Explore 4C Data.
Targeted Sequencing and RNA Assay Reveal a Noncanonical JAG1 Splicing Variant Causing Alagille Syndrome.
Read Mapping and Transcript Assembly: A Scalable and High-Throughput Workflow for the Processing and Analysis of Ribonucleic Acid Sequencing Data.
Genetic Diversities and Differentially Selected Regions Between Shandong Indigenous Pig Breeds and Western Pig Breeds.
The Genetic Architecture of Early Body Temperature and Its Correlation With Salmonella Pullorum Resistance in Three Chicken Breeds.
Mitotic Spindle Attachment to the Holocentric Chromosomes of Cuscuta europaea Does Not Correlate With the Distribution of CENH3 Chromatin.
Characterization of Cauliflower OR Mutant Variants.
Evolutionary and Functional Analysis of a Chara Plasma Membrane H+-ATPase.
Celery and Celeriac: A Critical View on Present and Future Breeding.
Drought Resistance by Engineering Plant Tissue-Specific Responses.
Identification of Traits Contributing to High and Stable Yields in Different Soybean Varieties Across Three Chinese Latitudes.
Assessment of Pollen Viability for Wheat.
Humoral Immunity vs. Salmonella.
Interleukin-2-Inducible T-Cell Kinase Deficiency Impairs Early Pulmonary Protection Against Mycobacterium tuberculosis Infection.
Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhimurium 14028s Genomic Regions Required for Colonization of Lettuce Leaves.
Continuous Light-Induced PCOS-Like Changes in Reproduction, Metabolism, and Gut Microbiota in Sprague-Dawley Rats.
Shedding Light on the Cell Biology of the Predatory Bacterium Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus.
Construction and Use of Transposon MycoTetOP 2 for Isolation of Conditional Mycobacteria Mutants.
Development of a Sensitive Escherichia coli Bioreporter Without Antibiotic Markers for Detecting Bioavailable Copper in Water Environments.
Advances in Models of Fibrous Dysplasia/McCune-Albright Syndrome.
Lymphatic Vasculature in Energy Homeostasis and Obesity.
Familial Dilated Cardiomyopathy Associated With a Novel Combination of Compound Heterozygous TNNC1 Variants.
Molecular Signaling and Nutritional Regulation in the Context of Poultry Feather Growth and Regeneration.
Age-Dependent Decline in Cardiac Function in Guanidinoacetate-N-Methyltransferase Knockout Mice.
Alterations of plasma cytokine biomarkers for identifying age at onset of schizophrenia with neurological soft signs.
Carbon Flux as a Measure of Prostate Cancer Aggressiveness: [11C]-Acetate PET/CT.
Crystal structures of the two domains that constitute the Plasmodium vivax p43 protein.
Effect of cosyntropin during adrenal venous sampling on subtype of primary aldosteronism: analysis of surgical outcome.
Genetic factors of polygenic urolithiasis.
miR-208b modulating skeletal muscle development and energy homeostasis through targeting distinct targets.
Analysis of amino acids and acylcarnitines profiles in small, appropriate, and large for gestational age neonates.
Advances in paclitaxel combinations for treating cervical cancer.
Evaluation of effects of Poincianella bracteosa (Tul.) L.P. Queiroz leaves in Allium cepa and Mus musculus.
[Hereditary gingival fibromatosis: a three-generation case report].
Developmental regulatory system of ocular-side-specific asymmetric pigmentation in flounder: Critical role of retinoic acid signaling.
The role of SLITRK6 in the pathogenesis of Tourette syndrome: From the conclusion of a family-based study in the Chinese Han population.
2020 National Society of Genetic Counselors Presidential Address: A Genetic Counselor \' s Journey.
Pre and postnatal growth failure with microcephaly due to two novel heterozygous IGF1R mutations and response to growth hormone treatment.
SGLT-2 Inhibitor Renal Outcome Modification in Type-2 Diabetes: Evidence from Studies in Patients with High or Low Renal Risk.
Myopathy associated with homozygous PYROXD1 pathogenic variants detected by genome sequencing.
Mitochondrial DNA copy number is associated with all-cause mortality and cardiovascular events in patients with peripheral arterial disease.
Structure of intact IgE and the mechanism of ligelizumab revealed by electron microscopy.
Evolution of a prenatal genetic clinic - A ten-year cohort study.
The role of prenatal diagnosis following preimplantation genetic testing for single gene conditions: an historical overview of evolving technologies and clinical practice.
ZEBrA - Zebra finch Expression Brain Atlas: a resource for comparative molecular neuroanatomy and brain evolution studies.
Identification of HPV Genotypes Causing Cervical Pre-Cancer using Tissue-Based Genotyping.
Detection of polymorphism within leptin gene in Egyptian river buffalo and predict its effects on different molecular levels.
The association between eating behavior and polymorphisms in GRIN2B, GRIK3, GRIA1 and GRIN1 genes in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Minimal Relationship between Local Gyrification and General Cognitive Ability in Humans.
Dynamics of Cortical Local Connectivity during Sleep-Wake States and the Homeostatic Process.
3D biofilms: in search of the polysaccharides holding together lichen symbioses.
Population genomics training for the next generation of conservation geneticists: ConGen 2018 Workshop.
Identification and activity of the functional complex between hnRNPL and the pseudoexfoliation syndrome-associated lncRNA, LOXL1-AS1.
Wnt signaling in cancer: therapeutic targeting of Wnt signaling beyond beta-catenin and the destruction complex.
The Cardiac Genome Clinic: implementing genome sequencing in pediatric heart disease.
Short communication: Investigation of extra-intestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli virulence genes, bacterial motility, and multidrug resistance pattern of strains isolated from dairy cows with different severity scores of clinical mastitis.
Greenhouse gas, water, and land footprint per unit of production of the California dairy industry over 50 years.
A Prospective Study of Hematologic Complications and Long-Term Survival of Italian Patients Affected by Shwachman-Diamond Syndrome.
Reply To Kenneth B. Yatai, Mark J. Dunning, Dennis Wang. Consensus Genomic Subtypes of Muscle-invasive Bladder Cancer: A Step in the Right Direction but Still a Long Way To Go. Eur Urol. In press.
Associating filaggrin copy number variation and atopic dermatitis in African-Americans: Challenges and opportunities.
Dysregulation of LXR responsive genes contribute to ichthyosis in trichothiodystrophy.
Tropical Trees as Time Capsules of Anthropogenic Activity.
Corrigendum to "Challenges in the clinical interpretation of small de novo copy number variants in neurodevelopmental disorders" [Gene 706 (2019) 162-171].
Mouse Systems Genetics as a Prelude to Precision Medicine.
Genetic Variation across Phenotypic Severity of Autism.
Transcriptome analysis and identification of genes associated with chicken sperm storage duration.
Investigation of the impact of gut microbiotas on fertility of stored sperm by types of hens.
Risks associated with enterococci as probiotics.
Aroma and quality of breads baked from old and modern wheat varieties and their prediction from genomic and flour-based metabolite profiles.
Genotype C/C 13910 of the Lactase Gene as a Risk Factor for the Formation of Insulin-Resistant Obesity in Children.
Association of IL-6 -174 G&gt;C Polymorphism with Susceptibility to Colorectal Cancer and Gastric Cancer: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Acquired systemic-to-pulmonary shunts in a 6-month-old child: case report and review of the literature.
Simvastatin, edaravone and dexamethasone protect against kainate-induced brain endothelial cell damage.
Spastic Paraplegia Type 56 in a Young Child.
Association Analysis Between the rs1899663 Polymorphism of HOTAIR and Risk of Psychiatric Conditions in an Iranian Population.
Evaluation of Expression of STAT Genes in Immune-Mediated Polyneuropathies.
TIRR: a potential front runner in HDR race-hypotheses and perspectives.
Adolescent Externalizing Psychopathology and Its Prospective Relationship to Marijuana Use Development from Age 14 to 30: Replication Across Independent Longitudinal Twin Samples.
Multimodal imaging of hair follicle bulge-derived stem cells in a mouse model of traumatic brain injury.
Codon usage pattern and its influencing factors in different genomes of hepadnaviruses.
Ximenynic Acid Regulation of n-3 PUFA Content in Liver and Brain.
[Emerging Disease-modifying Strategies Targeting alpha-synuclein in Parkinson \' s Disease].
[Perspective of alpha-synuclein and Familial Parkinson \' s Disease].
A novel hydrogel-based treatment for complete transection spinal cord injury repair is driven by microglia/macrophages repopulation.
Pharmacokinetics, tissue distribution, and safety evaluation of a ligustilide derivative (LIGc).
From gut to glutes: The critical role of niche signals in the maintenance and renewal of adult stem cells.
circINSR Promotes Proliferation and Reduces Apoptosis of Embryonic Myoblasts by Sponging miR-34a.
Three-dimensional chromatin in disease: What holds us together and what drives us apart?
Depression and cardiovascular disease: Shared molecular mechanisms and clinical implications.
Left cerebral cortex complexity differences in sporadic healthy individuals with auditory verbal hallucinations: A pilot study.
Expanding the clinical and molecular heterogeneity of nonsyndromic inherited retinal dystrophies.
Set up and validation of a targeted NGS approach for the diagnosis of lysosomal storage disorders.
Highly sensitive blocker displacement amplification and droplet digital PCR reveal very low-level parental FOXF1 somatic mosaicism in families with ACDMPV.
Assessing the diagnostic yield of targeted next-generation sequencing for melanoma and gastrointestinal tumors.
High polygenic burden is associated with blood DNA methylation changes in individuals with suicidal behavior.
Genetic effects of DSCAML1 identified in genome-wide association study revealing strong associations with litter size and semen quality in goat (Capra hircus).
The applicability and utility of immunohistochemical biomarkers in bladder pathology.
Genomic and functional variation of human centromeres.
Unraveling correlative roles of Dopamine transporter (DAT) and Parkin in Parkinson \' s disease (PD) - A road to discovery?
Gliadin-induced ex vivo T cell response in dermatitis herpetiformis: A predictor of clinical relapse on gluten challenge?
MYC amplification on double minute chromosomes in plasma cell leukemia with double IGH/CCND1 fusion genes.
Screening of the glucocerebrosidase (GBA) gene in South Africans of African ancestry with Parkinson \' s disease.
Frozen IVF Cycles to Circumvent the Hormonal Storm on Endometrium.
Identification and immunohistochemical characterization of G-quadruplexes in mouse brain.
Effect of alirocumab on individuals with type 2 diabetes, high triglycerides, and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Altered brain white matter microstructural asymmetry in children with ADHD.
Predicting outcome of epilepsy surgery in clinical practice: Prediction models vs. clinical acumen.
Traumatic brain injury and methamphetamine: A double-hit neurological insult.
Acceleration of Chondrogenic Differentiation of Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells by Sustained Growth Factor Release in 3D Graphene Oxide Incorporated Hydrogels.
Evaluation of the genotoxic, DNA-protective and antioxidant profile of synthetic alkyl gallates and gallotannins using in vitro assays.
Nanocarrier-mediated brain delivery of bioactives for treatment/prevention of neurodegenerative diseases.
Cost and impact of early diagnosis in primary immunodeficiency disease: A literature review.
Atopic Dermatitis Independently Increases Sensitization above Parental Atopy: the MPAACH Study.
Structural, molecular, functional and immunological characterization of Wuchereria bancrofti-galectin.
Identification of novel genetic variants associated with cardiorespiratory fitness.
Peripheral Somatosensory Neuron Dysfunction: Emerging Roles in Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Characterization of basal and estrogen-regulated antisense transcription in breast cancer cells: Role in regulating sense transcription.
Tumour functional imaging by PET.
Hippo Signaling Pathway has a critical role in Zika Virus Replication and in the Pathogenesis of Neuroinflammation.
Cohesin Removal Reprograms Gene Expression upon Mitotic Entry.
Genome Composition and Divergence of the Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Originating in China.
Fulvestrant plus capivasertib versus placebo after relapse or progression on an aromatase inhibitor in metastatic, oestrogen receptor-positive breast cancer (FAKTION): a multicentre, randomised, controlled, phase 2 trial.
Insect responses to heat: physiological mechanisms, evolution and ecological implications in a warming world.
Left posterior prefrontal regions support domain-general executive processes needed for both reading and math.
Immunogenetics in stem cell donor registry work: The DKMS example (Part 2).
The genetics of aortopathies: Hereditary thoracic aortic aneurysms and dissections.
Identification of a novel HLA-B*54 allele, HLA-B*54:01:08, in a Korean individual.
Positive selection of digestive proteases in Daphnia: A mechanism for local adaptation to cyanobacterial protease inhibitors.
Coffee consumption and risk of stroke: a Mendelian randomization study.
Antibacterial effectiveness of calcium hydroxide alone or in combination with ibuprofen and ciprofloxacin in teeth with asymptomatic apical periodontitis: a randomized controlled clinical study.
Effects of exogenous compound sprays on cherry cracking: skin properties and gene expression.
Preimplantation genetic testing practices in the Nordic countries.
[Advance in genetic research on Gitelman syndrome].
[Role of UHRF1 in methylation regulation and angiogenesis].
[Genetic analysis of a case of mosaic trisomy 21 associated with autism spectrum disorder].
[Clinical and genetic study of a child with delayed language development carrying ring 22 and a 22q13 microdeletion].
[Phenotypic and genetic analysis of a child with multiple malformations due to 10p13p15.3 duplication].
[Discovery of a Chinese Tibetan patient with lipoprotein glomerulopathy due to APOE Osaka/Kurashiki variant].
[Identification of two novel SLC19A3 variants in a Chinese patient with Biotin-thiamine responsive basal ganglia disease].
[Analysis of INS gene variant in a juvenile with maturity-onset diabetes of the young type 10].
[A case of neonatal lipoprotein lipase deficiency caused by novel compound heterozygous variants of LPL gene].
[Genetic analysis of a patient with late infantile metachromatic leukodystrophy].
[Analysis of D4Z4 mutation in a child with facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy presented initially as mental retardation].
[Clinical and genetic analysis of a case with Nicolaides-Baraitser syndrome].
[Analysis of pathogenic gene variant in a patient with neonatal Donohue syndrome].
[Identification of a Tp63 gene variant in an abortus with Ectrodactyly, Ectodermal dysplasia, Cleft lip/palate syndrome by whole-exome sequencing].
[The value of noninvasive prenatal screening for the detection of fetal chromosome 16 aneuploidy].
[Identification of a c.1A&gt;G initial codon variation of ARX gene in a child with severe mental retardation].
[Genetic analysis of a child with Sotos syndrome].
[Analysis of COL1A1 gene variants in five Chinese pedigrees affected with osteogenesis imperfecta].
[Genetic analysis of 90 families affected with spinal muscular atrophy].
[Analysis of ASXL1 gene variant in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome].
[Genetic testing and prenatal diagnosis in seven pedigrees affected with ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency].
Histone Modifying Enzymes and Chromatin Modifiers in Glioma Pathobiology and Therapy Responses.
Response to the commentary by Gholami and Amoli.
Correction to: Association of the genetic variants of insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS-1) with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Saudi population.
Specific bacteriophage of Bordetella bronchiseptica regulates B. bronchiseptica-induced microRNA expression profiles to decrease inflammation in swine nasal turbinate cells.
microRNA-141-3p-containing small extracellular vesicles derived from epithelial ovarian cancer cells promote endothelial cell angiogenesis through activating the JAK/STAT3 and NF-kappaB signaling pathways.
The Role of AMPK Activation for Cardioprotection in Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity.
Gene-mating dynamic evolution theory: fundamental assumptions, exactly solvable models and analytic solutions.
The complete mitochondrial genome of Talpa aquitania (Talpidae; Insectivora), a mole species endemic to northern Spain and southern France.
Expanding the phenotype of hypomaturation amelogenesis imperfecta due to a novel SLC24A4 variant.
LOC646329 long non-coding RNA sponges miR-29b-1 and regulates TGFbeta signaling in colorectal cancer.
Complete genome sequence of a new member of the genus Badnavirus from red pitaya (Hylocereus polyrhizus).
Shifts in the bacterial community of saliva give insights on the relationship between obesity and oral microbiota in adolescents.
Insight into the Ontogeny of GnRH Neurons from Patients Born Without a Nose.
Structural basis of the zinc-induced cytoplasmic aggregation of the RNA-binding protein SFPQ.
Author Correction: Conversion of human fibroblasts to angioblast-like progenitor cells.
Author Correction: Postzygotic inactivating mutations of RHOA cause a mosaic neuroectodermal syndrome.
Spatio-temporal characterization of the antiviral activity of the XRN1-DCP1/2 aggregation against cytoplasmic RNA viruses to prevent cell death.
Author Correction: Exfoliative toxin E, a new Staphylococcus aureus virulence factor with host-specific activity.
The origin of our modern concept of mania in texts from 1780 to 1900.
Nuclear receptor corepressors in intellectual disability and autism.
Response-adapted lenalidomide maintenance in newly diagnosed myeloma: results from the phase III GMMG-MM5 trial.
Author Correction: An exome-wide rare variant analysis of Korean men identifies three novel genes predisposing to prostate cancer.
Patterns of Oral Microbiota Diversity in Adults and Children: A Crowdsourced Population Study.
Genome-wide and SNP network analyses reveal genetic control of spikelet sterility and yield-related traits in wheat.
Statin-induced myopathic changes in primary human muscle cells and reversal by a prostaglandin F2 alpha analogue.
The Golgi Glycoprotein MGAT4D is an Intrinsic Protector of Testicular Germ Cells From Mild Heat Stress.
Publisher Correction: Detection of introduced and resident marine species using environmental DNA metabarcoding of sediment and water.
Exome sequencing revealed DNA variants in NCOR1, IGF2BP1, SGLT2 and NEK11 as potential novel causes of ketotic hypoglycemia in children.
HIV-1 Vaccine Sequences Impact V1V2 Antibody Responses: A Comparison of Two Poxvirus Prime gp120 Boost Vaccine Regimens.
CD229 CAR T cells eliminate multiple myeloma and tumor propagating cells without fratricide.
Increased circulating levels of Factor H-Related Protein 4 are strongly associated with age-related macular degeneration.
Pten-mediated Gsk3beta modulates the naive pluripotency maintenance in embryonic stem cells.
De novo emergence of adaptive membrane proteins from thymine-rich genomic sequences.
Global gene flow releases invasive plants from environmental constraints on genetic diversity.
Understanding the genetic architecture of human retinal degenerations.
Unfolding of monomeric lipoprotein lipase by ANGPTL4: Insight into the regulation of plasma triglyceride metabolism.
High-dimensional immune-profiling in cancer: implications for immunotherapy.
Medulloblastoma cancer stem cells: molecular signatures and therapeutic targets.
Integrated characterisation of cancer genes identifies key molecular biomarkers in stomach adenocarcinoma.
De novo haemoglobin sabine masquerading as double heterozygosity for HbQ-India and beta-thalassemia trait: first report from South Asia.
How to turn an organism into a model organism in 10  \' easy \'  steps.
Diversity in reproductive seasonality in the three-spined stickleback, Gasterosteus aculeatus.
The coding loci of evolution and domestication: current knowledge and implications for bio-inspired genome editing.
Utilizing the blind cavefish Astyanax mexicanus to understand the genetic basis of behavioral evolution.
Progress towards engineering gene drives for population control.
Recent advances in functional genomics for parasitic nematodes of mammals.
IbBBX24 Promotes the Jasmonic Acid Pathway and Enhances Fusarium Wilt Resistance in Sweet Potato.
Neurokinin-1 antagonist orvepitant for EGFRI-induced pruritus in patients with cancer: a randomised, placebo-controlled phase II trial.
Non-coding RNAs in GI cancers: from cancer hallmarks to clinical utility.
Epigenetic Link Between Statin Therapy and Type 2 Diabetes.
Ancestral Reconstruction of Karyotypes Reveals an Exceptional Rate of Non-random Chromosomal Evolution in Sunflower.
Tubulin-binding cofactor E-like (TBCEL), the protein product of the mulet gene, is required in the germline for the regulation of inter-flagellar microtubule dynamics during spermatid individualization.
Arx expansion mutation perturbs cortical development by augmenting apoptosis without activating innate immunity in a mouse model of X-Linked Infantile Spasms Syndrome.
Polygenic Risk Score-Derived Subcortical Connectivity Mediates Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Diagnosis.
Application of N-palmitoyl-O-phosphocholineserine for diagnosis and assessment of response to treatment in Niemann-Pick type C disease.
The Undiagnosed Diseases Network International: Five years and more!
A Novel Role for CETP as Immunological Gatekeeper: Raising HDL to Cure Sepsis?
Lignin extracted by gamma-valerolactone/water from corn stover improves cellulose enzymatic hydrolysis.
Tissue alarmins and adaptive cytokine induce dynamic and distinct transcriptional responses in tissue-resident intraepithelial cytotoxic T lymphocytes.
Direct Assessment of Single-Cell DNA Using Crudely Purified Live Cells: A Proof of Concept for Noninvasive Prenatal Definitive Diagnosis.
Essential concepts are missing: Foreign DNA in food invades the organisms \'  cells and can lead to stochastic epigenetic alterations with a wide range of possible pathogenetic consequences.
SERT and BDNF polymorphisms interplay on neuroticism in borderline personality disorder.
Eleven grand challenges in single-cell data science.
Classical galactosemia: neuropsychological and psychosocial functioning beyond intellectual abilities.
Epistatic regulation of growth in Atlantic salmon revealed: a QTL study performed on the domesticated-wild interface.
The effects and interaction of soybean maturity gene alleles controlling flowering time, maturity, and adaptation in tropical environments.
Are scurs in heterozygous polled (Pp) cattle a complex quantitative trait?
The DELLA proteins interact with MYB21 and MYB24 to regulate filament elongation in Arabidopsis.
Comparative transcriptome profiling provides insights into plant salt tolerance in seashore paspalum (Paspalum vaginatum).
Heterogeneous Responses of Gastric Cancer Cell Lines to Tenovin-6 and Synergistic Effect with Chloroquine.
Immune Responses Raised in an Experimental Colon Carcinoma Model Following Oral Administration of Lactobacillus casei.
Sleep Disturbances Rate among Medical and Allied Health Professions Students in Iran: Implications from a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of the Literature.
Oogenesis of Hematophagous Midge Forcipomyia taiwana (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae) and Nuage Localization of Vasa in Germline Cells.
The LCORL Locus is under Selection in Large-Sized Pakistani Goat Breeds.
Preface of Special Issue "Molecular Therapies for Inherited Retinal Diseases".
In Search of Covariates of HIV-1 Subtype B Spread in the United States-A Cautionary Tale of Large-Scale Bayesian Phylogeography.
Chromosome and Genome Divergence between the Cryptic Eurasian Malaria Vector-Species Anopheles messeae and Anopheles daciae.
Nitrogen Source Affects the Composition of Metabolites in Pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) and Regulates the Synthesis of Capsaicinoids through the GOGAT-GS Pathway.
Candidate SNP Markers of Atherogenesis Significantly Shifting the Affinity of TATA-Binding Protein for Human Gene Promoters show stabilizing Natural Selection as a Sum of Neutral Drift Accelerating Atherogenesis and Directional Natural Selection Slowing It.
In Vitro Rumen Simulations Show a Reduced Disappearance of Deoxynivalenol, Nivalenol and Enniatin B at Conditions of Rumen Acidosis and Lower Microbial Activity.
The Intercontinental Terminals Chemical Fire Study: A Rapid Response to an Industrial Disaster to Address Resident Concerns in Deer Park, Texas.
Integrin alpha7 and Extracellular Matrix Laminin 211 Interaction Promotes Proliferation of Acute Myeloid Leukemia Cells and Is Associated with Granulocytic Sarcoma.
Evaluating Face2Gene as a Tool to Identify Cornelia de Lange Syndrome by Facial Phenotypes.
Whole Genome Sequencing Indicates Heterogeneity of Hyperostotic Disorders in Dogs.
Domain Shuffling between Vip3Aa and Vip3Ca: Chimera Stability and Insecticidal Activity against European, American, African, and Asian Pests.
High-Resolution Mapping in Two RIL Populations Refines Major "QTL Hotspot" Regions for Seed Size and Shape in Soybean (Glycine max L.).
Altered Hippocampal Epigenetic Regulation Underlying Reduced Cognitive Development in Response to Early Life Environmental Insults.
How p53 Molecules Solve the Target DNA Search Problem: A Review.
A Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Volvariella volvacea Identified the Candidate Genes Involved in Fast Growth at the Mycelial Growth Stage.
Integrated Genome-Wide Analysis of an Isogenic Pair of Pseudomonas aeruginosa Clinical Isolates with Differential Antimicrobial Resistance to Ceftolozane/Tazobactam, Ceftazidime/Avibactam, and Piperacillin/Tazobactam.
Plasma Next Generation Sequencing and Droplet Digital-qPCR-Based Quantification of Circulating Cell-Free RNA for Noninvasive Early Detection of Cancer.
A Smart Drug Delivery System Based on Biodegradable Chitosan/Poly(allylamine hydrochloride) Blend Films.
BRG1 Activates Proliferation and Transcription of Cell Cycle-Dependent Genes in Breast Cancer Cells.
Ectopic Expression of Gs5PTase8, a Soybean Inositol Polyphosphate 5-Phosphatase, Enhances Salt Tolerance in Plants.
Design and Synthesis of a Compound Library Exploiting 5-Methoxyleoligin as Potential Cholesterol Efflux Promoter.
Molecular Changes Induced by Oxidative Stress that Impair Human Sperm Motility.
Predicting Antimicrobial and Other Cysteine-Rich Peptides in 1267 Plant Transcriptomes.
Associations of cigarette smoking with gray and white matter in the UK Biobank.
Automated screening of AURKA activity based on a genetically encoded FRET biosensor using fluorescence lifetime imaging microscopy.
3D printing of silver-doped polycaprolactone-poly propylene succinate composite scaffolds for skin tissue engineering.
In silico mutagenesis in recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor: Improvement of stability and activity in addition to decrement immunogenicity.
Ras assemblies and signaling at the membrane.
Forensic validation of a SNP and INDEL panel for individualisation of timber from bigleaf maple (Acer macrophyllum Pursch).
Mutations in growth hormone gene affect stability of protein structure leading to reduced growth, reproduction, and milk production in crossbred cattle-an insight.
A novel rat model of heterotopic ossification after polytrauma with traumatic brain injury.
Functional Expression of ZNF467 and PCBP2 Supports Adipogenic Lineage Commitment in Adipose-derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
hsa-miR-766-5p as a new regulator of mitochondrial apoptosis pathway for discriminating of cell death from cardiac differentiation.
Gene therapy for overexpressing Neuregulin 1 type I in skeletal muscles promotes functional improvement in the SOD1G93A ALS mice.
Novel presenilin 1 and 2 double knock-out cell line for in vitro validation of PSEN1 and PSEN2 mutations.
Alpha-synuclein/synapsin III pathological interplay boosts the motor response to methylphenidate.
Tailoring cellular metabolism in lactic acid bacteria through metabolic engineering.
Dual biomarkers long non-coding RNA GAS5 and its target, NR3C1, contribute to acute myeloid leukemia.
Genetics of syndromic ocular coloboma: CHARGE and COACH syndromes.
The roles played by TLR4 in the pathogenesis of multiple sclerosis; a systematic review article.
Antifreeze protein from Anatolia polita (ApAFP914) improved outcome of vitrified in vitro sheep embryos.
Nrf2 in keratinocytes protects against skin fibrosis via regulating epidermal lesion and inflammatory response.
Peripheral microRNA panels to guide the diagnosis of familial cardiomyopathy.
iPSC-Derived Endothelial Cells Affect Vascular Function in a Tissue-Engineered Blood Vessel Model of Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome.
Sox100B Regulates Progenitor-Specific Gene Expression and Cell Differentiation in the Adult Drosophila Intestine.
MEIOSIN Directs the Switch from Mitosis to Meiosis in Mammalian Germ Cells.
YAP Regulates Hematopoietic Stem Cell Formation in Response to the Biomechanical Forces of Blood Flow.
Co-incidence of Damage and Microbial Patterns Controls Localized Immune Responses in Roots.
Enhancer Domains Predict Gene Pathogenicity and Inform Gene Discovery in Complex Disease.
The Canadian Rare Diseases Models and Mechanisms (RDMM) Network: Connecting Understudied Genes to Model Organisms.
Widely Distributed Neurotensinergic Neurons in the Brainstem Regulate NREM Sleep in Mice.
Modifier genes in SCN1A-related epilepsy syndromes.
Phosphorylation Time-course Study of the Response During Adenovirus Type 2 Infection.
On the usefulness of parental lines GWAS for predicting low heritability traits in tropical maize hybrids.
Exposure of Anopheles mosquitoes to trypanosomes reduces reproductive fitness and enhances susceptibility to Plasmodium.
Skp, Cullin, F-box (SCF)-Met30 and SCF-Cdc4-Mediated Proteolysis of CENP-A Prevents Mislocalization of CENP-A for Chromosomal Stability in Budding Yeast.
AUTOFLUORESCENT TIMELINE OF SPOTS AND DOTS IN MULTIPLE EVANESCENT WHITE DOT SYNDROME.
LONGITUDINAL STUDY OF RPE65-ASSOCIATED INHERITED RETINAL DEGENERATIONS.
A Very Rare Congenital Dyserythropoietic Anemia Variant-Type IV in a Patient With a Novel Mutation in the KLF1 Gene: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Coinheritance of Triplicated Alpha-Globin Gene and Beta-Thalassemia Mutations in Adulthood: Ten Years of Referrals in Northern Greece.
Carnitine Profile Changes in Pediatric Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant: New Role for Carnitine?
Development, optimization and validation of an absolute specific assay for active myeloperoxidase (MPO) and its application in a clinical context: role of MPO specific activity in coronary artery disease.
BRCA and Beyond: Comprehensive Image-rich Review of Hereditary Breast and Gynecologic Cancer Syndromes.
EV-101: A Phase I Study of Single-Agent Enfortumab Vedotin in Patients With Nectin-4-Positive Solid Tumors, Including Metastatic Urothelial Carcinoma.
Optogenetic Control of RhoA to Probe Subcellular Mechanochemical Circuitry.
RNF8 promotes efficient DSB repair by inhibiting the pro-apoptotic activity of p53 through regulating the function of Tip60.
A c.544_618del75bp mutation in the splicing factor gene PRPF31 is involved in non-syndromic retinitis pigmentosa by reducing the level of mRNA expression.
Functional characterization and expression patterns of PnATX genes under different abiotic stress treatments in Populus.
A neuronal enhancer network upstream of MEF2C is compromised in patients with Rett like characteristics.
CircRNAs in the heart: bricks in Brunelleschi \' s Dome.
Translucent in air and iridescent in water: structural analysis of a salamander egg sac.
Analysis of zebrafish periderm enhancers facilitates identification of a regulatory variant near human KRT8/18.
In Vitro Fertilization Technology and Child Health.
Assessment of genetic diversity and bottleneck in Purnathadi buffaloes using short tandem repeat markers.
Reactions of Soybean Germplasm Accessions to Six Phakopsora pachyrhizi Isolates from the United States.
Analysis of Global Pediatric Cancer Research and Publications.
Sources of bias in genomics research of oral and dental traits.
MicroRNA exporter HuR clears the internalized pathogens by promoting pro-inflammatory response in infected macrophages.
De novo heterozygous missense and loss-of-function variants in CDC42BPB are associated with a neurodevelopmental phenotype.
Diagnostic accuracy of molecular testing with three molecular markers on thyroid fine-needle aspiration cytology with abnormal category.
Myostatin inhibition in combination with antisense oligonucleotide therapy improves outcomes in spinal muscular atrophy.
Hyperferritinemia and Diagnosis of type 1 Gaucher Disease.
V(D)J Recombination, Somatic Hypermutation and Class Switch Recombination of Immunoglobulins: Mechanism and Regulation.
Functional architecture of deleterious genetic variants in the genome of a Wrangel Island mammoth.
A traditional Chinese medicine YXQN reduces amyloid-induced cytotoxicity by inhibiting Abeta42 aggregation and fibril formation.
Reactive oxygen species (ROS) and their impact in neurodegenerative diseases: literature landscape analysis.
Shock Wave Lithotripsy is an Efficacious Treatment Modality for Obese Patients with Upper Ureteric Calculi: logistic regression and matched-pair analyses from a dedicated centre comparing treatment outcomes by skin-stone distance.
Separation orthogonality in liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry for proteomic applications: comparison of 16 different two-dimensional combinations.
Differentiation of Pectobacterium and Dickeya spp. phytopathogens using infrared spectroscopy and machine learning analysis.
First-time characterization of viable but non-culturable Proteus mirabilis: Induction and resuscitation.
Genetic screening for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in large, asymptomatic military cohorts.
Parallel evolution of regressive and constructive craniofacial traits across distinct populations of Astyanax mexicanus cavefish.
Genomic signatures and candidate genes of lint yield and fiber quality improvement in Upland cotton in Xinjiang.
Establishing the Omics Nursing Science &amp; Education Network.
Adult patients with undiagnosed conditions and their responses to unresolved uncertainty from exome sequencing.
Topical application of curcumin regulates the angiogenesis in diabetic-impaired cutaneous wound.
Efficacy and safety of TNF blockers and of ustekinumab in palmoplantar pustulosis and in acrodermatitis continua of Hallopeau.
MiR-4485-3p expression reduced in spermatozoa of men with idiopathic asthenozoospermia.
Longitudinal positron emission tomography of dopamine synthesis in subjects with GBA1 mutations.
Safety of drug use in patients with a primary mitochondrial disease: An international Delphi-based consensus.
Modeling Individual, Parental and Peer Factors to Glycemic Control in Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes: A Prospective Study.
Obituary: Laird Jackson.
The third family with TAF6-related phenotype: Alazami-Yuan syndrome.
Trends in Mortality and Clinical Characteristics of Hospitalized Hiv/Aids Patients at the University College Hospital, Ibadan 2010 to 2016.
Gastric Tumor Microenvironment.
Tumor Microenvironment Conditioning by Abortive Lytic Replication of Oncogenic gamma-Herpesviruses.
Neuroprotective effect of rutin against colistin-induced oxidative stress, inflammation and apoptosis in rat brain associated with the CREB/BDNF expressions.
Comprehensive clinically oriented workflow for nucleotide level resolution and interpretation in prenatal diagnosis of de novo apparently balanced chromosomal translocations in their genomic landscape.
The PI3K pathway impacts stem gene expression in a set of glioblastoma cell lines.
Abrogation of postprandial triglyceridemia with dual PPAR alpha/gamma agonist in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, placebo-controlled study.
Genetic dynamics of earlier maturity group emergence in south-to-north extension of Northeast China soybeans.
Genetic diversity of 17 autosomal STR loci in Meizhou Hakka population.
Validation of a 52-mtSNP minisequencing panel for haplogroup classification of forensic DNA samples.
Therapeutic Role of Deep Eutectic Solvents Based on Menthol and Saturated Fatty Acids on Wound Healing.
A simple and efficient cloning system for CRISPR/Cas9-mediated genome editing in rice.
Novel insights into the effect of drought stress on the development of root and caryopsis in barley.
Differential Contributions of Actin and Myosin to the Physical Phenotypes and Invasion of Pancreatic Cancer Cells.
Molecular Signature of the Immune Response to Yoga Therapy in Stress-related Chronic Disease Conditions: An Insight.
Medical Genetics for Practicing Obstetrician.
46,XX male disorder of sexual development.
Author Correction: A global overview of pleiotropy and genetic architecture in complex traits.
Author Correction: Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies new loci and functional pathways influencing Alzheimer \' s disease risk.
A methylation functional detection hepatic cell system validates correlation between DNA methylation and drug-induced liver injury.
An analysis of the effect of mu-opioid receptor gene (OPRM1) promoter region DNA methylation on the response of naltrexone treatment of alcohol dependence.
MYOCD and SMAD3/SMAD4 form a positive feedback loop and drive TGF-beta-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition in non-small cell lung cancer.
Energy-stress-mediated AMPK activation inhibits ferroptosis.
Author Correction: Widespread long-range cis-regulatory elements in the maize genome.
New aspects of vitamin D metabolism and action - addressing the skin as source and target.
Systematic dissection of biases in whole-exome and whole-genome sequencing reveals major determinants of coding sequence coverage.
TALEN-based editing of TFIIAy5 changes rice response to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. Oryzae.
Germline mutations of multiple breast cancer-related genes are differentially associated with triple-negative breast cancers and prognostic factors.
Facilitating gene editing in potato: a Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism (SNP) map of the Solanum tuberosum L. cv. Desiree genome.
A 124-plex Microhaplotype Panel Based on Next-generation Sequencing Developed for Forensic Applications.
Organelle inheritance and genome architecture variation in isogamous brown algae.
Pentatricopeptide repeat protein MID1 modulates nad2 intron 1 splicing and Arabidopsis development.
High-throughput DNA barcoding of oligochaetes for abundance-based indices to assess the biological quality of sediments in streams and lakes.
Sox2 controls Schwann cell self-organization through fibronectin fibrillogenesis.
Complete structure of the chemosensory array core signalling unit in an E. coli minicell strain.
Down syndrome.
Sexual-dimorphism in human immune system aging.
A synthetic peptide library for benchmarking crosslinking-mass spectrometry search engines for proteins and protein complexes.
Acetate supplementation restores chromatin accessibility and promotes tumor cell differentiation under hypoxia.
The RUNX1-ETO target gene RASSF2 suppresses t(8;21) AML development and regulates Rac GTPase signaling.
Newborn Screening for Spinal Muscular Atrophy: DNA Preparation from Dried Blood Spot and DNA Polymerase Selection in PCR.
Climate change contributes to widespread declines among bumble bees across continents.
Enhanced sustainable green revolution yield via nitrogen-responsive chromatin modulation in rice.
Loss of phenotypic inheritance associated with ydcI mutation leads to increased frequency of small, slow persisters in Escherichia coli.
Lack of RAN-mediated toxicity in Huntington \' s disease knock-in mice.
Caenorhabditis elegans Gastrulation: A Model for Understanding How Cells Polarize, Change Shape, and Journey Toward the Center of an Embryo.
Physiology, Development, and Disease Modeling in the Drosophila Excretory System.
Model Organisms: Nature \' s Gift to Disease Research.
Gammaherpesvirus-infected germinal center cells express a distinct immunoglobulin repertoire.
Five Complete Genome Sequences Spanning the Dutch Streptococcus suis Serotype 2 and Serotype 9 Populations.
Draft Genome Sequence of the Biofuel-Relevant Microalga Desmodesmus armatus.
Draft Genome Sequence of a New Staphylococcal Species Isolated from Human Skin.
Neurofilament light chain and C reactive protein explored as predictors of survival in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Desmoid tumour: rare presentation following neonatal lumbar puncture.
Alcohol effects on hepatic lipid metabolism.
Bortezomib with standard chemotherapy for children with acute myeloid leukemia does not improve treatment outcomes: a report from the Children \' s Oncology Group.
DLL1- and DLL4-Mediated Notch Signaling is Essential for Adult Pancreatic Islet Homeostasis.
Pausing sites of RNA polymerase II on actively transcribed genes are enriched with DNA double-stranded breaks.
Analysis of ants \'  rescue behavior reveals heritable specialization for first responders.
PARPs and ADP-ribosylation in RNA biology: from RNA expression and processing to protein translation and proteostasis.
Cellular sources of IL-6 and associations with clinical phenotypes and outcomes in PAH.
A Mutation in gamma-Adducin Impairs Autoregulation of Renal Blood Flow and Promotes the Development of Kidney Disease.
Amygdala Nuclei Volume and Shape in Military Veterans With Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Intrinsic brain activity of subcortical-cortical sensorimotor system and psychomotor alterations in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: A preliminary study.
BITES and CARS and checkpoints, oh my! Updates regarding immunotherapy for myeloid malignancies from the 2018 annual ASH meeting.
The carbohydrate-insulin model does not explain the impact of varying dietary macronutrients on the body weight and adiposity of mice.
Single-cell ATAC-Seq in human pancreatic islets and deep learning upscaling of rare cells reveals cell-specific type 2 diabetes regulatory signatures.
Sustainable Approaches to Parasite Control in Ruminant Livestock.
Effect of age at photostimulation on sexual maturation and egg-laying performance of layer breeders.
Cardiometabolic-Based Chronic Disease, Adiposity and Dysglycemia Drivers: JACC State-of-the-Art Review.
A Contemporary Picture of Enterococcal Endocarditis.
Admixture-enabled selection for rapid adaptive evolution in the Americas.
Publisher Correction: Co-opted transposons help perpetuate conserved higher-order chromosomal structures.
A rare combination of MODY5 and duodenal atresia in a patient: a case report.
Neuronal migration genes and a familial translocation t (3;17): candidate genes implicated in the phenotype.
Analysis of association between common variants of uncoupling proteins genes and diabetic retinopathy in a Chinese population.
Assessment of the hypoglycemic effect of Bixin in Alloxan-induced Diabetic Rats: in vivo and in silico studies.
Position Sense Deficits at the Lower Limbs in Early Multiple Sclerosis: Clinical and Neural Correlates.
Assessment of chimerism and immunomodulation to prevent post-transplantation relapse in childhood acute myeloblastic leukemia: is it the right approach?
Congenital Midline Cervical Cleft: First Report and Genetic Analysis of Two Related Patients.
PVPred-SCM: Improved Prediction and Analysis of Phage Virion Proteins Using a Scoring Card Method.
A BODIPY-Based Fluorogenic Probe for Specific Imaging of Lipid Droplets.
Does Endometriosis Influence the Embryo Quality and/or Development? Insights from a Large Retrospective Matched Cohort Study.
Sorting Rare ALS Genetic Variants by Targeted Re-Sequencing Panel in Italian Patients: OPTN, VCP, and SQSTM1 Variants Account for 3% of Rare Genetic Forms.
Herpesviruses in Head and Neck Cancers.
TGF-Beta-Activated Cancer-Associated Fibroblasts Limit Cetuximab Efficacy in Preclinical Models of Head and Neck Cancer.
A Missense Variant Affecting the C-Terminal Tail of UNC93B1 in Dogs with Exfoliative Cutaneous Lupus Erythematosus (ECLE).
Oncology Clinic-Based Hereditary Cancer Genetic Testing in a Population-Based Health Care System.
Natural Variation in Adventitious Rooting in the Alpine Perennial Arabis alpina.
Healthcare Utilization and Costs after Receiving a Positive BRCA1/2 Result from a Genomic Screening Program.
MiRNA Targeted NP Genome of Live Attenuated Influenza Vaccines Provide Cross-Protection against a Lethal Influenza Virus Infection.
AA amyloidosis associated with Castleman disease: A case report and review of the literature.
Ancestry specific associations of FTO gene variant and metabolic syndrome: A longitudinal ARIC study.
Virulence from the rhizosphere: ecology and evolution of Burkholderia pseudomallei-complex species.
Measuring quantitative proteomic distance between Spanish beef breeds.
OsPDR2 mediates the regulation on the development response and maintenance of Pi homeostasis in rice.
Up-regulated FHL2 inhibits ovulation through interacting with androgen receptor and ERK1/2 in polycystic ovary syndrome.
Phylogeographical diversity of Anaplasma phagocytophilum in the Asian part of Russia based on multilocus sequence typing and analysis of the ankA gene.
Characterization of patterns of immune cell infiltration in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Aggregation-prone peptides modulate activity of bovine interferon gamma released from naturally occurring protein nanoparticles.
A familial case of overgrowth syndrome caused by a 9q22.3 microdeletion in a mother and daughter.
Previously undescribed phenotypic findings and novel ACTG1 gene pathogenic variants in Baraitser-Winter cerebrofrontofacial syndrome.
The cytokine profile of follicular fluid changes during ovarian ageing.
A comprehensive phylogeny and taxonomic evaluation of the waxbills (Aves: Estrildidae).
The transcriptomes from two adipocyte progenitor cell types provide insight into the differential functions of MSTN.
Phospho-PTM proteomic discovery of novel EPO- modulated kinases and phosphatases, including PTPN18 as a positive regulator of EPOR/JAK2 Signaling.
Molecular Basis for Hycanthone Drug Action in Schistosome Parasites.
Cervical Pessary To Prevent Preterm Birth In Asymptomatic High-Risk Women: A Systematic Review And Meta-Analysis.
Identification of Antibodies with Non-overlapping Neutralization Sites that Target Coxsackievirus A16.
Genomic Medicine Year in Review: 2019.
High-Risk, High-Reward Genetics in ASD.
Optimizing Nervous System-Specific Gene Targeting with Cre Driver Lines: Prevalence of Germline Recombination and Influencing Factors.
Cerebral Microbleeds in Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease.
What men want: Qualitative analysis of what men with prostate cancer (PCa) want to learn regarding genetic referral, counseling, and testing.
"Submergence" of Western equine encephalitis virus: Evidence of positive selection argues against genetic drift and fitness reductions.
A quantitative workflow for modeling diversification in material culture.
Intramuscular vaccination of mice with the human herpes simplex virus type-1(HSV-1) VC2 vaccine, but not its parental strain HSV-1(F) confers full protection against lethal ocular HSV-1 (McKrae) pathogenesis.
The hourglass organization of the Caenorhabditis elegans connectome.
Digging Deeper into Precision/Personalized Medicine: Cracking the Sugar Code, the Third Alphabet of Life, and Sociomateriality of the Cell.
How Computational Experiments Can Improve Our Understanding of the Genetic Architecture of Common Human Diseases.
A journey in the Polyphenol research world with Ragai Ibrahim.
Genodermatoses with teeth abnormalities.
Constant light exposure causes dysregulation of sphingolipids and promotes steatohepatitis in high-fat fed rats.
CellCoal: coalescent simulation of single-cell sequencing samples.
Genomic footprints of recovery in the European bison.
Phenotypic and biochemical analysis of an international cohort of individuals with variants in NAA10 and NAA15.
[Gene expression levels of cytokines in different phenotypes of CRSwNP].
Shaping the genome of plants.
[Allele Frequency and Distribution of Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms in Promoter Region of Gene Encoding the Kidd Blood Group Antigens].
[Expression Level and Clinical Significance of OTC4 Gene in Patients with Myelodysplastic Syndromes].
[Analysis of RUNX1 Gene Mutation in Patients with Myelodysplastic Syndrome].
[Expression and Clinical Significance of Long Non-Coding RNA PRAL in Patients with Multiple Myeloma].
[Expression of Blimp1 ATF4 and CHOP in Multiple Myeloma Cells and Effect of Aspirin on Their Expression].
[Expression and Clinical Significance of MicroRNA-195 in Patients with Diffuse Large B Cell Lymphoma].
[Analysis of the Relationship between Cytogenetic Changes and Course Evolution of Patients with CML during TKI Treatment].
[Expression Level of TGFbeta1 and VEGF Gene in Acute Myeloid Patients and Its Clinical Prognostic Value].
[Relation of ASXL2 Gene Mutation with Clinical Characteristics, Prognosis and C-KIT Gene Mutation in AML Patients with AML1- ETO Fusion Gene].
[Expression of MiR-429 in Patients with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia and Its Prognostic Value].
[Effect of MiRNA-145 on Apoptosis of Leukemia HuT 78 Cells and Its Mechanism].
[Correlation of Early Minimal Residual Disease Level with Prognosis in AML Patients with NPM1 Mutation Positive after Chemotherapy].
[NRAS Gene Expression and Its Clinical Significance in Patients with Acute Myeloid Leukemia].
[Effect of CD56 Expression on Prognosis of AML Patients with AML/ETO Mutation].
[Expression and Significance of BTLA and Its Ligand HVEM in Patients with Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia].
[Relationship between Polymorphism in ALOX5, ALOX5AP and Susceptibility to Myeloid Leukemia].
[Expression and Prognostic Value of MiR-155 in Patients with Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia].
[BAX Deletion Accelerates Progression of BCR-ABL-Induced B-ALL in Mice].
[Analysis of Clinical Characteristics of Acute B Lymphoblastic Leukemia with EP300-ZNF384 Fusion Gene Positive].
[Comparision of Mutational Spectrum between Elderly and Young Adults with Acute Myeloid Leukemia Based on Next Generation Sequencing].
[Clinical Characteristics and Prognosis of U2AF1 Mutation in Patients with Acute Myeloid Leukemia].
Trauma-related drinking to cope: A novel approach to the self-medication model.
Murine osteoclastogenesis suppression using conditioned media produced by melanoma or activated and non-activated jurkat-E6 cells.
Common genetic substrates of alcohol and substance use disorder severity revealed by pleiotropy detection against GWAS catalog in two populations.
Update of variants identified in the pancreatic beta-cell KATP channel genes KCNJ11 and ABCC8 in individuals with congenital hyperinsulinism and diabetes.
Polygenic liability for schizophrenia and childhood adversity influence daily-life emotion dysregulation and psychosis proneness.
Single cell approaches to address adipose tissue stromal cell heterogeneity.
Precision health: a primer for physiotherapists.
The effect of five isometric exercises on glenohumeral translations in healthy subjects and patients with the hypermobility type of the ehlers-danlos syndrome (heds) or hypermobility spectrum disorder (hsd) with multidirectional shoulder instability: an observational study.
Mental health in UK Biobank - development, implementation and results from an online questionnaire completed by 157 366 participants: a reanalysis.
Association between symptoms of sleep apnea and problem behaviors in young adult twins and siblings.
Impact of industrial cream heat treatments on the protein composition of the milk fat globule membrane.
Genotype patterns for mutations of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator gene: a retrospective descriptive study from Saudi Arabia.
Factor 8 Gene Mutation Spectrum of 270 Patients with Haemophilia A: Identification of 36 Novel Mutations
Impact of hereditary pancreatitis on patients and their families.
Insulin-like growth factor-II and bioactive proteins containing a part of the E-domain of pro-insulin-like growth factor-II.
The relationship between oral diseases and infectious complications in patients under dialysis.
The Importance of Stem Cell Senescence in Regenerative Medicine.
Blockade of TLR4 using TAK-242 (resatorvid) enhances anti-cancer effects of chemotherapeutic agents: a novel synergistic approach for breast and ovarian cancers.
Blockade of HSP70 by VER-155008 synergistically enhances bortezomib-induced cytotoxicity in multiple myeloma.
Biphenotypic Branchioma: A Better Name Than Ectopic Hamartomatous Thymoma for a Neoplasm with HRAS Mutation.
Endometriosis, endocrine disrupters, and epigenetics: an investigation into the complex interplay in women with polybrominated biphenyl exposure and endometriosis.
Low-intensity pulsed ultrasound promotes the expression of immediate-early genes in mouse ST2 bone marrow stromal cells.
Intergenerational Transmission of Education and ADHD: Effects of Parental Genotypes.
Polymorphic Evolutionary Games and Non-Mendelian Genetics.
Investigating the association between family connectedness and self-control in adolescence in a genetically sensitive design.
Genetics of the congenital absence of the vas deferens.
Human genetics of life-threatening influenza pneumonitis.
Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial disease: recent discoveries.
Dento-osseous anomalies in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis: A follow-up study.
Prion protein PrP nucleic acid binding and mobilization implicates retroelements as the replicative component of transmissible spongiform encephalopathy.
Population genetics of 27 Y-STRs for the Yi population from Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture, China.
Evaluation of choroidal thickness and choroidal vascular blood flow in patients with thyroid-associated orbitopathy (TAO) using SD-OCT and Angio-OCT.
Longitudinal metabolomic analysis of plasma enables modeling disease progression in Duchenne muscular dystrophy mouse models.
Equal rights in autoimmunity: is Sjogren \' s syndrome ever  \' secondary \' ?
PRMT5-mediated histone arginine methylation antagonizes transcriptional repression by polycomb complex PRC2.
Colchicine selective interaction with oncogene RET G-quadruplex revealed by NMR.
A rule-based approach to identify patient eligibility criteria for clinical trials from narrative longitudinal records.
Policies and procedures governing patient portal use at an Academic Medical Center.
Chlamydomonas reinhardtii as a plant model system to study mitochondrial complex I dysfunction.
Data on genetic linkage of oxidative stress with cardiometabolic traits in an intercross derived from hyperlipidemic mouse strains.
Spondylo-epi-metaphyseal dysplasia due to a homozygous missense mutation in the gene encoding Matrilin-3 (T120M).
Viral attenuation by Endonuclease G during yeast gametogenesis: insights into ancestral roles of programmed cell death?
Evaluation of a multimedia marketing campaign to engage African American patients in glaucoma screening.
The Global Museum: natural history collections and the future of evolutionary science and public education.
Evidence for an ancient BRCA1 pathogenic variant in inherited breast cancer patients from Senegal.
Familial/inherited cancer syndrome: a focus on the highly consanguineous Arab population.
"Dysfunctions" induced by Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery are concomitant with metabolic improvement independent of weight loss.
A CIN-like TCP transcription factor (LsTCP4) having retrotransposon insertion associates with a shift from Salinas type to Empire type in crisphead lettuce (Lactuca sativa L.).
BOSC 2019, the 20th annual Bioinformatics Open Source Conference.
Cellular Interactions in the Human Fatty Liver.
Host proteome linked to HPV E7-mediated specific gene hypermethylation in cancer pathways.
A native chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) protocol for studying histone modifications in strawberry fruits.
Mifepristone Derivative FZU-00,003 Suppresses Triple-negative Breast Cancer Cell Growth partially via miR-153-KLF5 axis.
Reduced expression of the nob8 gene does not normalize the distribution or function of mGluR6 in the mouse retina.
Extra-Hepatic Manifestations of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Review.
The guidance receptor plexin D1 is a mechanosensor in endothelial cells.
AQP5 enriches for stem cells and cancer origins in the distal stomach.
Discriminating alpha-synuclein strains in Parkinson \' s disease and multiple system atrophy.
The era of massive cancer sequencing projects has reached a turning point.
The repertoire of mutational signatures in human cancer.
Analyses of non-coding somatic drivers in 2,658 cancer whole genomes.
The evolutionary history of 2,658 cancers.
Global genomics project unravels cancer \' s complexity at unprecedented scale.
Comprehensive analysis of chromothripsis in 2,658 human cancers using whole-genome sequencing.
The landscape of viral associations in human cancers.
Pan-cancer analysis of whole genomes identifies driver rearrangements promoted by LINE-1 retrotransposition.
Butler enables rapid cloud-based analysis of thousands of human genomes.
Clinical genomic testing: what matters to key stakeholders?
Recommendations for designing genetic test reports to be understood by patients and non-specialists.
A cross-disease meta-GWAS identifies four new susceptibility loci shared between systemic sclerosis and Crohn \' s disease.
Noninvasive prenatal diagnosis by genome-wide haplotyping of cell-free plasma DNA.
Publisher Correction: A recombination bin-map identified a major QTL for resistance to Tomato Spotted Wilt Virus in peanut (Arachis hypogaea).
Editorial expression of concern: Cdc6 expression is induced by HPV16 E6 and E7 oncogenes and represses E-cadherin expression.
Pharmaceuticals in treated wastewater induce a stress response in tomato plants.
Expression of Female Sex Hormone Receptors, Connective Tissue Growth Factor and HER2 in Gallbladder Cancer.
Publisher Correction: TCF7L2 polymorphisms are associated with amygdalar volume in elderly individuals with Type 2 Diabetes.
Tissue-specific promoter-based reporter system for monitoring cell differentiation from iPSCs to cardiomyocytes.
Rifampicin Resistant Tuberculosis in Lesotho: Diagnosis, Treatment Initiation and Outcomes.
Protein sorting into protein bodies during barley endosperm development is putatively regulated by cytoskeleton members, MVBs and the HvSNF7s.
A deep learning system accurately classifies primary and metastatic cancers using passenger mutation patterns.
Integrative pathway enrichment analysis of multivariate omics data.
Reconstructing evolutionary trajectories of mutation signature activities in cancer using TrackSig.
Neo-functionalization of a Teosinte branched 1 homologue mediates adaptations of upland rice.
Clonal competition within complex evolutionary hierarchies shapes AML over time.
Pre-processing visualization of hyperspectral fluorescent data with Spectrally Encoded Enhanced Representations.
Divergent mutational processes distinguish hypoxic and normoxic tumours.
Combined burden and functional impact tests for cancer driver discovery using DriverPower.
Immune system development varies according to age, location, and anemia in African children.
Studying Human Neurodevelopment and Diseases Using 3D Brain Organoids.
Integrating CRISPR Engineering and hiPSC-Derived 2D Disease Modeling Systems.
Selective targeting of TET catalytic domain promotes somatic cell reprogramming.
Critical Role for SLAM/SAP Signaling in the Thymic Developmental Programming of IL-17- and IFN-gamma-Producing gammadelta T Cells.
Dysregulated NADPH Oxidase Promotes Bone Damage in Murine Model of Autoinflammatory Osteomyelitis.
Cytosolic GLUTAMINE SYNTHETASE 1;1 modulates metabolism and chloroplast development in roots.
The full-length transcriptome of C. elegans using direct RNA sequencing.
Effects of plaque brachytherapy and proton beam radiotherapy on prognostic testing: a comparison of uveal melanoma genotyped by microsatellite analysis.
B cell-Derived IL35 Drives STAT3-Dependent CD8+ T-cell Exclusion in Pancreatic Cancer.
Eriocalyxin B induces apoptosis in human triple negative breast cancer cells via inhibiting STAT3 activation and mitochondrial dysfunction.
Review: Ruminal microbiome and microbial metabolome: effects of diet and ruminant host.
Review: Fifty years of research on rumen methanogenesis: lessons learned and future challenges for mitigation.
Comparison of brain connectomes by MRI and genomics and its implication in Alzheimer \' s disease.
ECFS-DEA: an ensemble classifier-based feature selection for differential expression analysis on expression profiles.
The Cumulative Influence of Inflammatory Response Genetic Variation on Long-Term Neurobehavioral Outcomes following Pediatric Traumatic Brain Injury Relative to Orthopedic Injury: An Exploratory Polygenic Risk Score.
Thyroid carcinomas that occur in familial adenomatous polyposis patients recurrently harbor somatic variants in APC, BRAF, and KTM2D.
Attachment and Epigenetics: A Scoping Review of Recent Research and Current Knowledge.
Experimental psychology meets behavioral ecology: what laboratory studies of learning polymorphisms mean for learning under natural conditions, and vice versa.
A modified Camel and Cactus Test detects presymptomatic semantic impairment in genetic frontotemporal dementia within the GENFI cohort.
Tracking adeno-associated virus capsid evolution by high-throughput sequencing.
Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells-mediated Transcriptomic Regulation of Leukemic Cells in Delivering Anti-tumorigenic Effects.
Bridelia speciosa Mull.Arg. Stem bark Extracts as a Potential Biomedicine: From Tropical Western Africa to the Pharmacy Shelf.
Functional Improvement of Human Cardiotrophin 1 Produced in Tobacco Chloroplasts by Co-expression with Plastid Thioredoxin m.
Measuring the Microscopic Structures of Human Dental Enamel Can Predict Caries Experience.
Increasing Susceptibility of Drug-Resistant Candida albicans to Fluconazole and Terbinafine by 2(5H)-Furanone Derivative.
An Automated, Single Cell Quantitative Imaging Microscopy Approach to Assess Micronucleus Formation, Genotoxicity and Chromosome Instability.
Nitrous Oxide Emissions from Paddies: Understanding the Role of Rice Plants.
The Unfolded Protein Response: A Novel Therapeutic Target in Acute Leukemias.
Three-dimensional Organization of Polytene Chromosomes in Somatic and Germline Tissues of Malaria Mosquitoes.
Foliar Application of Polyamines Modulates Winter Oilseed Rape Responses to Increasing Cold.
Brain Pathology in Mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) Patients with Neurological Forms.
Untargeted Metabolomics for Metabolic Diagnostic Screening with Automated Data Interpretation Using a Knowledge-Based Algorithm.
Characterization of Staphylococcus intermedius Group Isolates Associated with Animals from Antarctica and Emended Description of Staphylococcus delphini.
Characteristics and Dysbiosis of the Gut Microbiome in Renal Transplant Recipients.
Living with Yourself: Innate Lymphoid Cell Immunometabolism.
Linking Genes to Molecules in Eukaryotic Sources: An Endeavor to Expand Our Biosynthetic Repertoire.
Evaluation of A Phylogenetic Pipeline to Examine Transmission Networks in A Canadian HIV Cohort.
Effects of TDP2/VPg Unlinkase Activity on Picornavirus Infections Downstream of Virus Translation.
Understanding Historical Demographic Processes to Inform Contemporary Conservation of an Arid zone Specialist: The Yellow-Footed Rock-Wallaby.
A Potential Nutraceutical Candidate Lactucin Inhibits Adipogenesis through Downregulation of JAK2/STAT3 Signaling Pathway-Mediated Mitotic Clonal Expansion.
Interleukin-6 Derived from the Central Nervous System May Influence the Pathogenesis of Experimental Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis in a Cell-Dependent Manner.
Assessment of Fatty Acid Desaturase (Fads2) Structure-Function Properties in Fish in the Context of Environmental Adaptations and as a Target for Genetic Engineering.
A quantitative assessment of atmospheric emissions and spatial distribution of trace elements from natural sources in China.
[The influence of TP53 mutation on the therapeutic effect of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor and prognosis of EGFR mutant non-small cell lung cancer patients].
[Clinicopathologic and molecular characteristics of myxoid angiomatoid fibrous histiocytoma].
[Effect of miR-513a-3p targeting MDM2 on proliferation, migration and invasion of gastric cancer cells].
[The research status and development trend of EGFR gene exon 20 insertion mutant non-small cell lung cancer].
[Clinical features and prognostic analysis of myelodysplastic syndromes patients with U2AF1 mutation].
[Chronic neutrophilic leukemia with CSF3R mutation and concurrent multiple myeloma: one case report].
[Biological characteristics and genomic information of a bacteriophage against pan-drug resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae in a burn patient and its effects on bacterial biofilm].
[Hepatocellular carcinoma-derived exosomal miRNA expression and its clinical value].
[A case of recurrent abnormal liver function in children resulting from neuroblastoma amplified sequence gene defect].
Lessons for aging from Werner syndrome epigenetics.
Genome-wide Screening Identifies SFMBT1 as an Oncogenic Driver in Cancer with VHL Loss.
OTUB1 Is a Key Regulator of RIG-I-Dependent Immune Signaling and Is Targeted for Proteasomal Degradation by Influenza A NS1.
Inverse Data-Driven Modeling and Multiomics Analysis Reveals Phgdh as a Metabolic Checkpoint of Macrophage Polarization and Proliferation.
Dynamics of the Coreceptor-LCK Interactions during T Cell Development Shape the Self-Reactivity of Peripheral CD4 and CD8 T Cells.
Systematic Identification of Regulators of Oxidative Stress Reveals Non-canonical Roles for Peroxisomal Import and the Pentose Phosphate Pathway.
Methylglyoxal Scavengers Resensitize KRAS-Mutated Colorectal Tumors to Cetuximab.
A P53-Independent DNA Damage Response Suppresses Oncogenic Proliferation and Genome Instability.
BLM has Contrary Effects on Repeat-Mediated Deletions, based on the Distance of DNA DSBs to a Repeat and Repeat Divergence.
Cytochrome c phosphorylation: Control of mitochondrial electron transport chain flux and apoptosis.
Development of an Anti-Inflammatory Drug-Incorporated Biomimetic Scaffold for Corneal Tissue Engineering.
Use of CAR-Transduced Natural Killer Cells in CD19-Positive Lymphoid Tumors.
Genomic landscape of the signals of positive natural selection in populations of Northern Eurasia: A view from Northern Russia.
Mass drug administrations with dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine and single low dose primaquine to eliminate Plasmodium falciparum have only a transient impact on Plasmodium vivax: Findings from randomised controlled trials.
iCARE: An R package to build, validate and apply absolute risk models.
Do Sex Hormones Underlie Sex Differences in Cancer Incidence? Testing the Intuitive in Esophageal Adenocarcinoma.
A genome wide association study of resistance to Puccinia striiformis f. sp. hordei and Puccinia graminis f. sp. tritici in barley and development of resistant germplasm.
Extracranial midline defects in a patient with craniofrontonasal syndrome with a novel EFNB1 mutation.
Ribosomal Protein L4 of Lactobacillus rhamnosus LRB alters resistance to macrolides and other antibiotics.
COM1, a Factor of Alternative Non-homologous End Joining (NHEJ), Lagging Behind the Classic NHEJ Pathway in Rice Somatic Cells.
Genetic variance for behavioural  \' predictability \'  of stress response.
Functional analysis of FRIGIDA using naturally occurring variation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Comparative functional analyses of DWARF14 and KARRIKIN INSENSITIVE2 in drought adaptation of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Nuclear Pore Complex Components Have Temperature-Influenced Roles in Plant Growth and Immunity.
LEF1 haploinsufficiency causes ectodermal dysplasia.
The genome of Setaria digitata, a cattle nematode closely related to human filarial parasites.
An ancient baboon genome demonstrates long-term population continuity in southern Africa.
Does Absenteeism Affect Academic Performance? An Insight from UK Based Medical Student [Response to Letter].
3D printed Polylactid Acid based porous scaffold for bone tissue engineering: an in vitro study.
Experiences of BRCA1/2 Gene Mutation-Positive Women With Cancer in Communicating Genetic Risk to Their Relatives.
Inborn errors of apolipoprotein A-I metabolism: implications for disease, research and development.
ACG Clinical Guideline: Chronic Pancreatitis.
Five-year relative survival in sleep apnea patients with a subsequent cancer diagnosis.
Mirtazapine for Sleep Disturbances in Angelman Syndrome: A retrospective chart review of eight pediatric cases.
A window into lysogeny: revealing temperate phage biology with transcriptomics.
Novel copy number variation of the BAG4 gene is associated with growth traits in three Chinese sheep populations.
Resistance to targeted treatment of gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors
NTRK fusions in osteosarcoma are rare and non-functional events.
Multifocal breast cancers are more prevalent in BRCA2 versus BRCA1 mutation carriers.
Novel SMAD3 p.Arg386Thr genetic variant co-segregating with thoracic aortic aneurysm and dissection.
Genome sequencing identifies a homozygous inversion disrupting QDPR as a cause for dihydropteridine reductase deficiency.
Whole exome sequencing establishes diagnosis of Charcot-Marie-Tooth 4J, 1C, and X1 subtypes.
Antibody response against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and its relationship with immune mediators in the upper and lower airways of cystic fibrosis patients.
LPS-induced inflammation desensitizes hepatocytes to Fas-induced apoptosis through Stat3 activation-The effect can be reversed by ruxolitinib.
Pregnancy outcomes after day 5 versus day 6 blastocyst-stage embryo transfer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comorbidity of congenital heart defects and holoprosencephaly is likely genetically driven and gene-specific.
Identifying mechanisms of genetic differentiation among populations in vagile species: historical factors dominate genetic differentiation in seabirds.
Congenital heart defects in Noonan syndrome: Diagnosis, management, and treatment.
A phenotypically severe, biochemically "silent" case of HIBCH deficiency in a newborn diagnosed by rapid whole exome sequencing and enzymatic testing.
Expanding the genotypic spectrum of Jalili syndrome: Novel CNNM4 variants and uniparental isodisomy in a north American patient cohort.
Association of saliva 25(OH)D concentration with body composition and proportion among pre-pubertal and pubertal Polish children.
miRNA dysregulation in ischemic stroke: Focus on diagnosis, prognosis, therapeutic and protective biomarkers.
HJC0152 suppresses human non-small-cell lung cancer by inhibiting STAT3 and modulating metabolism.
Phosphatidic acid produced by phospholipase D is required for hyphal cell-cell fusion and fungal-plant symbiosis.
Vernalization shapes shoot architecture and ensures the maintenance of dormant buds in the perennial Arabis alpina.
Molecular profiling identifies synchronous endometrial and ovarian cancers as metastatic endometrial cancer with favorable clinical outcome.
A randomized, phase 1, placebo-controlled trial of APG-157 in oral cancer demonstrates systemic absorption and an inhibitory effect on cytokines and tumor-associated microbes.
Comprehensive analysis of the dermatophyte Trichophyton rubrum transcriptional profile reveals dynamic metabolic modulation.
Smad1/5 signal transduction regulates the ameloblastic differentiation of induced pluripotent stem cells.
Progress in understanding the relationship between long noncoding RNA and endometriosis.
Overview of seasonal influenza and recommended vaccine during the 2016/2017 season in Nepal.
A human somatic cell culture system for modelling gene silencing by transcriptional interference.
Development and validation of a reporter cell line for rapid AAV quality control assessment.
Single case-control design for the study of the neuropsychological deficits and dissociations in Huntington \' s disease-like 2.
MCADNNet: Recognizing Stages of Cognitive Impairment through Efficient Convolutional fMRI and MRI Neural Network Topology Models.
Limited presence of Waddlia chondrophila in drinking water systems in the Netherlands.
Identification and characterization of ERV-W-like sequences in Platyrrhini species provides new insights into the evolutionary history of ERV-W in primates.
Comprehensive comparison and applications of different sections in investigating the microstructure and histochemistry of cereal kernels.
Cardiofaciocutaneous Syndrome Phenotype in a Case with de novo KRAS Pathogenic Variant.
Novel Ocular and Inner Ear Anomalies in a Patient with Myhre Syndrome.
Interstitial 4q Deletion Syndrome Including NR3C2 Causing Pseudohypoaldosteronism.
A Rare Case of Mosaic Unbalanced Non-Robertsonian Translocation Involving Chromosomes 15 and 22 with Congenital Abnormalities in Monozygotic Twins.
NUP188 Biallelic Loss of Function May Underlie a New Syndrome: Nucleoporin 188 Insufficiency Syndrome?
Deep Phenotyping of Development, Communication and Behaviour in Phelan-McDermid Syndrome.
A Recurrent Variant in MAGEL2 in Five Siblings with Severe Respiratory Disturbance after Birth.
A Novel DLG3 Mutation Expanding the Phenotype of X-Linked Intellectual Disability Caused by DLG3 Nonsense Variants.
A Novel Pathological ARSB Mutation (c.870G&gt;A; p.Trp290stop) in Mucopolysaccharidosis Type VI Patients.
Partial Monosomy 4p and Trisomy 12q due to a t(4;12)(p16.3;q24.31) Familial Translocation in Two Cousins.
Multimorbidity by Patient and Tumor Factors and Time-to-Surgery Among Colorectal Cancer Patients in Spain: A Population-Based Study.
Research Progress Evaluating the Function and Mechanism of Anti-Tumor Peptides.
The Importance of Small Non-Coding RNAs in Human Reproduction: A Review Article.
Clinical and Molecular Investigation of Familial Multiple Lipomatosis: Variants in the HMGA2 Gene.
Inherited Thrombophilia in a Lebanese Family of Four Generations: A Case Report of Recurrent Miscarriage.
Barriers to Early Diagnosis and Treatment of Familial Hypercholesterolemia: Current Perspectives on Improving Patient Care.
Predictors of Current DSM-5 PTSD Diagnosis and Symptom Severity Among Deployed Veterans: Significance of Predisposition, Stress Exposure, and Genetics.
Consequences Of Long-Term Bacteria \' s Exposure To Silver Nanoformulations With Different PhysicoChemical Properties.
Activation of RelA by pppGpp as the basis for its differential toxicity over ppGpp in Escherichia coli.
Serial Biomarkers of De Novo Lipogenesis Fatty Acids and Incident Heart Failure in Older Adults: The Cardiovascular Health Study.
Liver gene regulatory networks: Contributing factors to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Identification of a recurrent nonsense mutation in HR gene responsible for atrichia with papular lesions in two Kashmiri families.
Bacterial secretins: mechanisms of assembly and membrane targeting.
Volitional eye movement control and ADHD traits: a twin study.
Hydrotropism in the primary roots of maize.
Weighted burden analysis of exome-sequenced late-onset Alzheimer \' s cases and controls provides further evidence for a role for PSEN1 and suggests involvement of the PI3K/Akt/GSK-3beta and WNT signalling pathways.
Gender dysphoria in children and adolescents: an overview.
Investigating genetic variability in Hsp70 gene-5 \' -fragment and its association with thermotolerance in Murrah buffalo (Bubalus bubalis) under sub-tropical climate of India.
Primary care physician experiences utilizing a family health history tool with electronic health record-integrated clinical decision support: an implementation process assessment.
On the prevention of kidney uptake of radiolabeled DARPins.
Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Improves the Proliferation and Regenerative Potential of Bone Marrow Adherent Stem Cells and the Immune Tolerance of Fetal Microchimeric Stem Cells In Vitro.
How to estimate effective dose for CT patients.
Invasive Saprochaete capitata Infection in a Patient with Autosomal Recessive CARD9 Deficiency and a Review of the Literature.
Multiomic immune clockworks of pregnancy.
A novel variant of the 13C-methacetin liver function breath test that eliminates the confounding effect of individual differences in systemic CO2 kinetics.
Differential expression of the inflammasome complex genes in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genomic and functional genomics analyses of gluten proteins and prospect for simultaneous improvement of end-use and health-related traits in wheat.
MicroRNA-299-5p inhibits cell metastasis in breast cancer by directly targeting serine/threonine kinase 39.
Variant analysis of prostate cancer in Japanese patients and a new attempt to predict related biological pathways.
DNA aneuploidy and tissue architecture in oral potentially malignant disorders with epithelial dysplasia assessed by a 10 locus FISH panel.
Fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase deficiency with confirmed molecular diagnosis. An important cause of hypoglycemia in children.
Step aside CRISPR, RNA editing is taking off.
First genomic study of schizophrenia in African people turns up broken genes.
Postpartum breast cancer progression is driven by semaphorin 7a-mediated invasion and survival.
The genetics of drug-related movement disorders, an umbrella review of meta-analyses.
Lenalidomide added to standard intensive treatment for older patients with AML and high-risk MDS.
A Spanish case-control study in &lt;5 year-old children reveals the lack of association between MLB and VA astrovirus and diarrhea.
Cyclosporine H Improves the Multi-Vector Lentiviral Transduction of Murine Haematopoietic Progenitors and Stem Cells.
A CRISPR/Cas13-based approach demonstrates biological relevance of vlinc class of long non-coding RNAs in anticancer drug response.
A role for the rare endogenous retrovirus beta4 in development of Japanese fancy mice.
Phase variation in pneumococcal populations during carriage in the human nasopharynx.
Genetic regulation of diapause and associated traits in Chilo partellus (Swinhoe).
AATF and SMARCA2 are associated with thyroid volume in Hashimoto \' s thyroiditis patients.
Nexus of grazing management with plant and soil properties in northern China grasslands.
Organizing genome engineering for the gigabase scale.
The whole transcriptome regulation as a function of mitochondrial polymorphisms and aging in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Dynamics and clustering of IRE1alpha during ER stress.
Two novel plastid fatty acid exporters contribute to seed oil accumulation in Arabidopsis.
ACE and Type 2 Diabetes Risk: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Multiple Loci Control Eyespot Number Variation on the Hindwings of Bicyclus anynana Butterflies.
What \' s happening in Neurology  Genetics.
27-hydroxycholesterol impairs plasma membrane lipid raft signaling as evidenced by inhibition of IL6-JAK-STAT3 signaling in prostate cancer cells.
The HopQ-CEACAM Interaction Controls CagA Translocation, Phosphorylation, and Phagocytosis of Helicobacter pylori in Neutrophils.
Genetic and Biochemical Analysis of Anaerobic Respiration in Bacteroides fragilis and Its Importance In Vivo.
RNA-Seq Analysis Illuminates the Early Stages of Plasmodium Liver Infection.
The Aspergillus fumigatus Phosphoproteome Reveals Roles of High-Osmolarity Glycerol Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinases in Promoting Cell Wall Damage and Caspofungin Tolerance.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Cryptosporidiosis in Infants Implicates PRKCA.
EspM Is a Conserved Transcription Factor That Regulates Gene Expression in Response to the ESX-1 System.
"Dual-gene" malaria-resistance: Therapeutically-rational exchange (T-REX) of group-O sickle trait and group-O C-traittrait red blood cells can be evaluated in Benin and Nigeria.
Notification of changes in taxonomic opinion previously published outside the IJSEM.
List of new names and new combinations previously effectively, but not validly, published.
Notification that new names of prokaryotes, new combinations, and new taxonomic opinions have appeared in volume 69, part 10 of the IJSEM.
H3F3A mutant allele specific imbalance in an aggressive subtype of diffuse midline glioma, H3 K27M-mutant.
IRGS: an immune-related gene classifier for lung adenocarcinoma prognosis.
Disclosure to genetic relatives without consent - Australian genetic professionals \'  awareness of the health privacy law.
Targeted next-generation sequencing identifies novel variants in candidate genes for Parkinson \' s disease in Black South African and Nigerian patients.
Negative frequency dependent selection contributes to the maintenance of a global polymorphism in mitochondrial DNA.
DNA preserved in jetsam whale ambergris.
alpha-Globin Genotypes Associated with Hb H Disease: A Report from Oman and a Review of the Literature from the Eastern Mediterranean Region.
Precision cardiovascular medicine: artificial intelligence and epigenetics for the pathogenesis and prediction of coarctation in neonates.
Polyglutamine-Expanded Androgen Receptor Alteration of Skeletal Muscle Homeostasis and Myonuclear Aggregation Are Affected by Sex, Age and Muscle Metabolism.
Anti-Menopausal Effects of Cornus officinalis and Ribes fasciculatum Extract In Vitro and In Vivo.
The Impacts of Asparagus Extract Fractions on Growth and Fumonisins Biosynthesis in Fusarium Proliferatum.
Distribution of Medically Relevant Antibiotic Resistance Genes and Mobile Genetic Elements in Soils of Temperate Forests and Grasslands Varying in Land Use.
Comparison of Eight Technologies to Determine Genotype at the UGT1A1 (TA)n Repeat Polymorphism: Potential Clinical Consequences of Genotyping Errors?
Estradiol-17beta-Induced Changes in the Porcine Endometrial Transcriptome In Vivo.
C3d-Positive Preformed DSAs Tend to Persist and Result in a Higher Risk of AMR after Kidney Transplants.
Hydrological variations shape diversity and functional responses of streambed microbes.
Pilot study of global endocrine disrupting activity in Iowa public drinking water utilities using cell-based assays.
Homozygous mutation in the insulin receptor gene and mild form of insulin resistance syndrome; a case report
YAP-depleted iPSC MUSIi012-A-2 maintained all normal stem cell characteristics.
Changes in invertebrate community composition allow for consistent interpretation of biodiversity loss in ecological status assessment.
Current perspective of the etiopathogenesis of delayed-type, and T cell-mediated drug related skin diseases.
Improving the diagnostic yield for filaggrin; concealed mutations in the Dutch population.
Plant Biotechnology: Green for Good V 2019.
Potential of nano-phytochemicals in cervical cancer therapy.
A Genetic Toggle for Chemical Control of Individual Plk1 Substrates.
Taurine protects against cardiac dysfunction induced by pressure overload through SIRT1-p53 activation.
The Alazami Syndrome-Associated Protein LARP7 Guides U6 Small Nuclear RNA Modification and Contributes to Splicing Robustness.
Structure-Mediated RNA Decay by UPF1 and G3BP1.
Bacterial Division: Journey to the Center of the Cell.
Whole Gene Sequencing of CFTR Reveals a High Prevalence of the Intronic Variant c.3874-4522A&gt;G in Cystic Fibrosis.
Functional analyses of HNF1A-MODY variants refine the interpretation of identified sequence variants.
Mapping of quantitative trait loci for traits linked to fusarium head blight in barley.
Targetable ERBB2 mutations identified in neurofibroma/schwannoma hybrid nerve sheath tumors.
The chromatin bound proteome of the human malaria parasite.
Population Genetics and Fungicide Resistance of Botrytis cinerea on Vitis and Prunus spp. in California.
Theory in Service of Narratives in Evolution and Ecology.
MS-Derived Isotopic Fine Structure Reveals Forazoline A as a Thioketone-Containing Marine-Derived Natural Product.
Multitarget Profiling of a Strigolactone Analog for Early Events of Alzheimer \' s Disease: in Vitro Therapeutic Activities against Neuroinflammation.
Serotonin Modulates AhR Activation by Interfering with CYP1A1-Mediated Clearance of AhR Ligands.
Non-standard AGE4 epitopes that predict polyneuropathy independently of obesity can be detected by slot dot-blot immunoassay.
Genetic diversity and phylogenetic structure of four Tibeto-Burman-speaking populations in Tibetan-Yi corridor revealed by insertion/deletion polymorphisms.
Variation in mouse pelvic morphology maps to locations enriched in Sox9 Class II and Pitx1 regulatory features.
Different beta-cell secretory phenotype in non-obese compared to obese early type 2 diabetes.
The extracellular calcium-sensing receptor promotes porcine egg activation via calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II.
Antihistamines: ABC for the pediatricians.
Contribution of microglia and monocytes to the development and progression of age related macular degeneration.
Barriers and facilitators to obesity prevention dissemination and implementation efforts in the childcare centre setting from the provider perspective.
An overview of international regulatory frameworks for mesenchymal stromal cell-based medicinal products: From laboratory to patient.
Delta1 -Pyrroline-5-carboxylate synthetase (P5CS) deficiency: An emergent multifaceted urea cycle-related disorder.
Minimal relapse risk and early normalization of survival for patients with Burkitt lymphoma treated with intensive immunochemotherapy: an international study of 264 real-world patients.
First analysis of mitochondrial lineages from the eastern pampa-patagonia transition during the final late holocene.
Consensus re-classification of inherited epidermolysis bullosa and other disorders with skin fragility.
Guidelines for the management of glucocorticoids during the peri-operative period for patients with adrenal insufficiency: Guidelines from the Association of Anaesthetists, the Royal College of Physicians and the Society for Endocrinology UK.
The Effect of the APOE epsilon2epsilon4 Genotype on the Development of Alzheimer \' s Disease (AD) and Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) in Non-Latino Whites.
Poland Syndrome with Atypical Malformations Associated to a de novo 1.5 Mb Xp22.31 Duplication.
ABCA4-Associated Stargardt Disease.
Stabilization of AIMP1/p43 and EMAP II recombinant proteins in the complexes with polysaccharide dextran-70.
Metastatic Anaplastic Thyroid Carcinoma in Complete Remission: Morphological, Molecular, and Clinical Work-Up of a Rare Case.
Intermittent Hypoxia Impairs Trophoblast Cell Viability by Triggering the Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Pathway.
MicroRNA-135a Regulates VEGFC Expression and Promotes Luteinized Granulosa Cell Apoptosis in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.
Drug Studies on Rett Syndrome: From Bench to Bedside.
Session 1SBP: ASB-BSJ Joint Symposium-current challenges in biophysics centering on biomolecular interactions and the underlying forces.
Two sisters with microphthalmia and anterior segment dysgenesis secondary to a PAX6 pathogenic variant with clinically healthy parents: a case of gonadal mosaicism?
Biallelic Form of a Known CD3E Mutation in a Patient with Severe Combined Immunodeficiency.
Role of Oct4-Sox2 complex decoy oligodeoxynucleotides strategy on reverse epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) induction in HT29-ShE encompassing enriched cancer stem-like cells.
Neurocognitive impairment in type 2 diabetes: evidence for shared genetic aetiology.
Protective cellular immune response against hepatitis C virus elicited by chimeric protein formulations in BALB/c mice.
Genetic diversity of group A rotaviruses in Moscow in 2018-2019.
Preparation and characterization of site-specific dechlorinating microbial inocula capable of complete dechlorination enriched in anaerobic microcosms amended with clay mineral.
Hyperbaric oxygenation improves redox control and reduces mortality in the acute phase of myocardial infarction in a rat model.
Structural studies reveal a ring-shaped architecture of deep-sea vent phage NrS-1 polymerase.
Polyplax brachyrrhyncha (Anoplura: Polyplacidae) and Rhipicephalus turanicus (Ixodidae: Rhipicephalinae) in an Ancient Louse Comb.
Deficiency of FRAS1-related extracellular matrix 1 (FREM1) causes congenital diaphragmatic hernia in humans and mice.
Serum Anti-Mullerian Hormone In The Prediction Of Response To hCG Stimulation In Children With DSD.
FvbHLH9, functions as a positive regulator of anthocyanin biosynthesis, by forming HY5-bHLH9 transcription complex in strawberry fruits.
Use of cognitive bias as a welfare tool in poultry.
Discordances between molecular assays for rifampicin resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: frequency, mechanisms and clinical impact.
Herd Protection Against Oral HPV Infection-Reply.
Substrate interaction inhibits gamma-secretase production of amyloid-beta peptides.
Data on association of mitochondrial heteroplasmy with carotid intima-media thickness in subjects from Russian and Kazakh populations.
Transvaginal ultrasound-guided biopsy of adenomyosis.
Changing the diagnostic approach to diabetes insipidus: role of copeptin.
DNA barcoding as a valuable molecular tool for the certification of planting materials in bamboo.
Genome-wide identification of BXL genes in Populus trichocarpa and their expression under different nitrogen treatments.
Postural Directionality and Head Tremor in Cervical Dystonia.
Do different rates of gene flow underlie variation in phenotypic and phenological clines in a montane grasshopper community?
The impact of local population genetic background on the spread of the selfish element Medea-1 in red flour beetles.
Modular chromosome rearrangements reveal parallel and nonparallel adaptation in a marine fish.
ATM, ATR and DNA-PKcs kinases-the lessons from the mouse models: inhibition   deletion.
Mesenchymal stem cells derived from iPSCs expressing interleukin-24 inhibit the growth of melanoma in the tumor-bearing mouse model.
Oral Manifestations of Nance-Horan Syndrome: A Report of a Rare Case.
Global site-specific neddylation profiling reveals that NEDDylated cofilin regulates actin dynamics.
How mouse RAG recombinase avoids DNA transposition.
Cutting antiparallel DNA strands in a single active site.
Interleukin-23 engineering improves CAR T cell function in solid tumors.
Publisher Correction: Locus-specific chromatin isolation.
A myelin-related transcriptomic profile is shared by Pitt-Hopkins syndrome models and human autism spectrum disorder.
Examination of the genetic factors underlying the cognitive variability associated with neurofibromatosis type 1.
Identification of cancer driver genes based on nucleotide context.
Genomic landscape of lung adenocarcinoma in East Asians.
LncRNA-AC006129.1 reactivates a SOCS3-mediated anti-inflammatory response through DNA methylation-mediated CIC downregulation in schizophrenia.
Genetic contributors to risk of schizophrenia in the presence of a 22q11.2 deletion.
HSF1 phase transition mediates stress adaptation and cell fate decisions.
A 4-gene signature from histologically normal surgical margins predicts local recurrence in patients with oral carcinoma: clinical validation.
Renal cyst growth is attenuated by a combination treatment of tolvaptan and pioglitazone, while pioglitazone treatment alone is not effective.
Novel PXDN biallelic variants in patients with microphthalmia and anterior segment dysgenesis.
Genomic regions under selection in the feralization of the dingoes.
A rare gain of function mutation in a wheat tandem kinase confers resistance to powdery mildew.
Exceptionally low likelihood of Alzheimer \' s dementia in APOE2 homozygotes from a 5,000-person neuropathological study.
Two-stage electro-mechanical coupling of a KV channel in voltage-dependent activation.
Alpha-synuclein fragments trigger distinct aggregation pathways.
Locus-specific DNA methylation of Mecp2 promoter leads to autism-like phenotypes in mice.
Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis - Future Molecular-Based Diagnostic and Prognostic Testing.
Subacute Neuropsychiatric Syndrome in Girls With SHANK3 Mutations Responds to Immunomodulation.
Drosophila YBX1 homolog YPS promotes ovarian germ line stem cell development by preferentially recognizing 5-methylcytosine RNAs.
Rhizosphere microbiome mediates systemic root metabolite exudation by root-to-root signaling.
IL-8 dedifferentiates primary human luminal cells to multipotent stem cells.
A History of Cancer Research: Tumor Suppressor Genes.
Concentration-dependent recruitment of mammalian odorant receptors.
Retrograde trafficking of Argonaute 2 acts as a rate-limiting step for de novo miRNP formation on endoplasmic reticulum-attached polysomes in mammalian cells.
Pharmacogenomics: An evolving clinical tool for precision medicine.
The search for precision.
From Drift to Draft: How Much Do Beneficial Mutations Actually Contribute to Predictions of Ohta \' s Slightly Deleterious Model of Molecular Evolution?
Reconstruction of Networks with Direct and Indirect Genetic Effects.
CDK5RAP2 primary microcephaly is associated with hypothalamic, retinal and cochlear developmental defects.
Impaired folate binding of serine hydroxymethyltransferase 8 from soybean underlies resistance to the soybean cyst nematode.
Prognosis of EGFR-mutant Lung Adenocarcinoma Patients With Malignant Pleural Effusion Receiving First-line EGFR-TKI Therapy Without Pleurodesis: A Single-institute Retrospective Study.
Overexpression of Antiapoptotic MCL-1 Predicts Worse Overall Survival of Patients With Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.
Real Clinical Practice in ALK-rearranged NSCLC Patients: A Retrospective Observational Study.
Approbation of the Cancer Treatment Approach Based on the Eradication of TAMRA+ Cancer Stem Cells in a Model of Murine Cyclophosphamide Resistant Lymphosarcoma.
Inhibition of Cell-surface Molecular GPR87 With GPR87-suppressing Adenoviral Vector Disturb Tumor Proliferation in Lung Cancer Cells.
Luteolin-regulated MicroRNA-301-3p Targets Caspase-8 and Modulates TRAIL Sensitivity in PANC-1 Cells.
Expression of Kisspeptin (KISS1) and its Receptor GPR54 (KISS1R) in Prostate Cancer.
The Significant Association of MMP-1 Genotypes With Taiwan Pterygium.
The Association of MMP7 Promoter Polymorphisms With Gastric Cancer.
Genetic Variations of VEGFA Gene Are Associated With Infiltration of Adjacent Tissues and the Clinical Outcome of Patients With Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.
PGC-1alpha Regulates Cell Proliferation and Invasion via AKT/GSK-3beta/beta-catenin Pathway in Human Colorectal Cancer SW620 and SW480 Cells.
HER2 Gene Amplification in ER-positive HER2 Immunohistochemistry 0 or 1+ Breast Cancer With Early Recurrence.
APELA/ELA32 Reduces Iodixanol-induced Apoptosis, Inflammatory Response and Mitochondrial and DNA Damage in Renal Tubular Epithelial Cells.
C-myc Contributes to Malignancy of Lung Cancer: A Potential Anticancer Drug Target.
Specific Toxicity of Maintenance Olaparib Versus Placebo in Advanced Malignancies: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Association of Vitamin D Receptor Gene Polymorphisms With Melanoma Risk: A Meta-analysis and Systematic Review.
The blood stage antigen RBP2-P1 of Plasmodium vivax binds reticulocytes and is a target of naturally acquired immunity.
The regulatory landscapes of developmental genes.
The dynamic nature and regulation of the root clock.
Mesenchymal-epithelial transition regulates initiation of pluripotency exit before gastrulation.
Cardiopharyngeal mesoderm origins of musculoskeletal and connective tissues in the mammalian pharynx.
Expanding the phenotypic spectrum in RDH12-associated retinal disease.
Clinical report: one year of treatment of Proteus syndrome with miransertib (ARQ 092).
Applying whole-genome sequencing in relation to phenotype and outcomes in siblings with cystic fibrosis.
Genetic Networks Underlying Natural Variation in Basal and Induced Activity Levels in Drosophila melanogaster.
Epigenetic Mechanisms in Leukemias and Lymphomas.
Intellectual Structure and Evolutionary Trends of Precision Medicine Research: Coword Analysis.
KRAS G12C Game of Thrones, which direct KRAS inhibitor will claim the iron throne?
Conquering fear and accepting new challenges.
Maternal exposure to arsenic and mercury and associated risk of adverse birth outcomes in small-scale gold mining communities in Northern Tanzania.
The effect of patient positioning on adrenal gland linear measurements estimated from computed tomographic images in healthy beagle dogs.
Heterogeneous Response in Rabbit Fetal Diaphragmatic Hernia Lungs After Tracheal Occlusion.
Human inborn errors of immunity to herpes viruses.
Genes and environment in attachment.
Characterization of the pectin methyl-esterase gene family and its function in controlling pollen tube growth in pear (Pyrus bretschneideri).
Mutation spectrum of PRPF31, genotype-phenotype correlation in retinitis pigmentosa, and opportunities for therapy.
A new report of autoinflammation and PLCG2-associated antibody deficiency and immune dysregulation (APLAID) with a homozygous pattern from Iran.
Mating strategy and mating type distribution in six global populations of the Eucalyptus foliar pathogen Teratosphaeria destructans.
Ventricular assist device bridge to heart transplantation in a child with homocystinuria.
Geneva Statement on Heritable Human Genome Editing: The Need for Course Correction.
Gemcitabine inhibits cisplatin resistance in cisplatin-resistant A549 cells by upregulating trx-interacting protein and inducing cell cycle arrest.
Comparative Analysis of Cellular Immune Responses in Conventional and SPF Olive Baboons (Papio anubis).
Why interindividual variation in response to consumption of plant food bioactives matters for future personalised nutrition.
Genome-wide MNase hypersensitivity assay unveils distinct classes of open chromatin associated with H3K27me3 and DNA methylation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Newborn screening for Morquio disease and other lysosomal storage diseases: results from the 8-plex assay for 70,000 newborns.
A landscape of genomic alterations at the root of a near-untreatable tuberculosis epidemic.
Pre-implantation genetic diagnosis in an Iranian family with a novel mutation in MUT gene.
Identification of QTL TGW12 responsible for grain weight in rice based on recombinant inbred line population crossed by wild rice (Oryza minuta) introgression line K1561 and indica rice G1025.
Comparative analysis of Lactobacillus gasseri from Chinese subjects reveals a new species-level taxa.
Role of MicroRNA Genes miR-1000 and miR-375 in Forming Olfactory Conditional Memory in Drosophila melanogaster.
BRCA Mutational Status is a Promising Predictive Biomarker for Platinum-based Chemotherapy in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer.
Cellular Retinoic-Acid Binding Protein 2 in solid tumor.
Antiproliferative and proapoptotic effects of Inula viscosa extract on Burkitt lymphoma cell line.
Influence of Blood-Brain Barrier Integrity on Brain Protein Biomarker Clearance in Severe Traumatic Brain Injury: A Longitudinal Prospective Study.
Genome-wide DNA sampling by Ago nuclease from the cyanobacterium Synechococcus elongatus.
Polymorphism in the CAVI gene, salivary properties and dental caries.
Occupational therapy in rehabilitation of complex patients: protocol for a superiority randomized controlled trial.
Anti-MAdCAM-1 antibody (PF-00547659) for active refractory Crohn \' s disease in Japanese and Korean patients: the OPERA study.
Loss-of-Function Variants in Cytoskeletal Genes Are Associated with Early-Onset Atrial Fibrillation.
The miRNAs Role in Melanoma and in Its Resistance to Therapy.
Interplay between BRCA1 and GADD45A and Its Potential for Nucleotide Excision Repair in Breast Cancer Pathogenesis.
Roles of Brassinosteroids in Plant Reproduction.
Gut Microbiota and Its Metabolites in Atherosclerosis Development.
Genome-Wide Characterization and Analysis of CIPK Gene Family in Two Cultivated Allopolyploid Cotton Species: Sequence Variation, Association with Seed Oil Content, and the Role of GhCIPK6.
Proceedings of the 2019 American Bee Research Conference.
Analysis of De Novo Mutations in Sporadic Cardiomyopathies Emphasizes Their Clinical Relevance and Points to Novel Candidate Genes.
Influence of Germline Genetics on Tacrolimus Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant Patients.
Comparison of the Genomic Profile of Cancer Stem Cells and Their Non-Stem Counterpart: The Case of Ovarian Cancer.
Using Whole Breast Ultrasound Tomography to Improve Breast Cancer Risk Assessment: A Novel Risk Factor Based on the Quantitative Tissue Property of Sound Speed.
Occurrence of Deoxynivalenol, Nivalenol, and Their Glucosides in Korean Market Foods and Estimation of Their Population Exposure through Food Consumption.
Combined Soluble Fiber-Mediated Intestinal Microbiota Improve Insulin Sensitivity of Obese Mice.
Embryo-Based Large Fragment Knock-in in Mammals: Why, How and What \' s Next.
Rapid, Paralog-Sensitive CNV Analysis of 2457 Human Genomes Using QuicK-mer2.
Single-Nucleus Sequencing of an Entire Mammalian Heart: Cell Type Composition and Velocity.
Model-Driven Controlled Alteration of Nanopillar Cap Architecture Reveals its Effects on Bactericidal Activity.
Comprehensive Geno- and Phenotyping in a Complex Pedigree Including Four Different Inherited Retinal Dystrophies.
Cascade Testing for Fragile X Syndrome in a Rural Setting in Cameroon (Sub-Saharan Africa).
Maternal Pregnancy Hormone Concentrations in Countries with Very Low and High Breast Cancer Risk.
Syntheses of L-Rhamnose-Linked Amino Glycerolipids and Their Cytotoxic Activities against Human Cancer Cells.
RPGR-Associated Dystrophies: Clinical, Genetic, and Histopathological Features.
Practical Guidance in Genome-Wide RNA:DNA Triple Helix Prediction.
Insight the Biological Activities of Selected Abietane Diterpenes Isolated from Plectranthus spp.
GAI Functions in the Plant Response to Dehydration Stress in Arabidopsis thaliana.
ALT: A Multi-Faceted Phenomenon.
Circulating Anti-Sorting Nexins 16 Antibodies as an Emerging Biomarker of Coronary Artery Disease in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea.
Looking for a Better Characterization of Triple-Negative Breast Cancer by Means of Circulating Tumor Cells.
Role of Phagocytosis in the Pro-Inflammatory Response in LDL-Induced Foam Cell Formation; a Transcriptome Analysis.
Enhancing Genetic Medicine: Rapid and Cost-Effective Molecular Diagnosis for a GJB2 Founder Mutation for Hearing Impairment in Ghana.
Molecular Bases of Neurodegeneration and Cognitive Decline, the Major Burden of Sanfilippo Disease.
Salivary Immunoglobulin A Secretion and Polymeric Ig Receptor Expression in the Submandibular Glands Are Enhanced in Heat-Acclimated Rats.
MEWS++: Enhancing the Prediction of Clinical Deterioration in Admitted Patients through a Machine Learning Model.
Screening of Deletion Variants within the Goat PRDM6 Gene and Its Effects on Growth Traits.
Computational analysis of morphological and molecular features in gastric cancer tissues.
Chromosome-level assembly of wild Bactrian camel genome reveals organization of immune gene loci.
Eco-genetic additivity of diploids in allopolyploid wild wheats.
Prospects for finding the mechanisms of sex differences in addiction with human and model organism genetic analysis.
The relative importance of phylogeny and habitat in determining the presence and prominence of a granula iridica in hooved mammals.
Rainfall-manipulation experiments as simulated by terrestrial biosphere models: where do we stand?
Tumor cell-derived ANGPTL2 establishes a preference for glycolytic metabolism in lung cancer cells.
Factors that impact risk management decisions among women with pathogenic variants in moderate penetrance genes associated with hereditary breast cancer.
Temporal dynamics of migration-linked genetic variation are driven by streamflows and riverscape permeability.
Dmrt genes participate in the development of Cajal-Retzius cells derived from the cortical hem in the telencephalon.
High throughput sequencing reveals high specificity of TNFAIP3 mutations in ocular adnexal marginal zone B-cell lymphomas.
Mildew Locus O facilitates colonization by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in angiosperms.
Adult weight change and premenopausal breast cancer risk: A prospective pooled analysis of data from 628,463 women.
Use of empiric methods to inform prostate cancer health disparities: Comparison of neighborhood-wide association study "hits" in black and white men.
Prognostic implications of the microenvironment for follicular lymphoma under immunomodulation therapy.
Tensor decomposition of stimulated monocyte and macrophage gene expression profiles identifies neurodegenerative disease-specific trans-eQTLs.
Evolutionary Dynamics of microRNA target sites across vertebrate evolution.
Mutational processes of distinct POLE exonuclease domain mutants drive an enrichment of a specific TP53 mutation in colorectal cancer.
DeepWAS: Multivariate genotype-phenotype associations by directly integrating regulatory information using deep learning.
Fluid intake and clinicopathological characteristics of bladder cancer: the West Midlands Bladder Cancer Prognosis Programme.
"Asking Too Much?": Randomized N-of-1 Trial Exploring Patient Preferences and Measurement Reactivity to Frequent Use of Remote Multidimensional Pain Assessments in Children and Young People With Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis.
Reprogramming of Pluripotency-Specific microRNA Signatures Is Not Essential to Generate Inducible Pluripotent Stem Cells.
Protocol and Rationale for the International Lung Screening Trial (ILST).
Vitexin improves neuron apoptosis and memory impairment induced by isoflurane via regulation of miR-409 expression.
Analysis of the rRNA methylation complex components in pediatric B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia: A pilot study.
Value of individual surgeon performance metrics as quality assurance measures in oesophagogastric cancer surgery.
Nonspecific toxicities of streptococcus pyogenes and Staphylococcus aureus dCas9 in Chlamydia trachomatis.
BetaScan2: Standardized statistics to detect balancing selection utilizing substitution data.
Origin and evolution of the 2019 novel coronavirus.
Differential effect of lacosamide on Nav1.7 variants from responsive and non-responsive patients with small fibre neuropathy.
Impact of CCL4 gene polymorphisms upon the progression of lung cancer in a Han Chinese cohort.
Case Report of acute myeloid leukemia with "WT1, ATRX, CEBPA, CSMD1, IKZF1, and LRP1B mutation and translocation between chromosome 1 and 19" developing from Philadelphia-negative chronic myeloid leukemia after TKI therapy.
Rare clinical presentations of pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma with a high proliferative index: Two case reports.
A novel RNA sequencing-based prognostic nomogram to predict survival for patients with cutaneous melanoma: Clinical trial/experimental study.
Rs10757274 gene polymorphisms in coronary artery disease: A systematic review and a meta-analysis.
The analysis of the association between the copy numbers of survival motor neuron gene 2 and neuronal apoptosis inhibitory protein genes and the clinical phenotypes in 40 patients with spinal muscular atrophy: Observational study.
Gene expression profile and bioinformatics analysis revealed key molecular characteristics of chordoma-before and after TNF- a treatment.
PTX3 Gene 3 \' UTR polymorphism and its interaction with environmental factors are correlated with the risk of preeclampsia in a Chinese Han population.
Efficacy and safety of programmed cell-death-protein-1 and its ligand inhibitors in pretreated patients with epidermal growth-factor receptor-mutated or anaplastic lymphoma kinase-translocated lung adenocarcinoma.
Non-diabetic end-stage renal disease in Saudis associated with polymorphism of MYH9 gene but not UMOD gene.
Diagnostic value of various liquid biopsy methods for pancreatic cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association of 17q24 rs1859962 gene polymorphism with prostate cancer risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reticulon proteins modulate autophagy of the endoplasmic reticulum in maize endosperm.
Haploinsufficiency of A20 with a novel mutation of deletion of exons 2-3 of TNFAIP3.
GRM7 polymorphisms are not associated with ischemic stroke in Iranian population.
Noncoding RNAs orchestrate cell growth, death and drug resistance in renal cell carcinoma.
Construction of Magnetic Covalent Organic Frameworks with Inherent Hydrophilicity for Efficiently Enriching Endogenous Glycopeptides in Human Saliva.
Why young women gain weight: A narrative review of influencing factors and possible solutions.
Osmostress enhances activating phosphorylation of Hog1 MAP kinase by mono-phosphorylated Pbs2 MAP2K.
High Molecular Diagnosis Rate in Undermasculinized Males with Differences in Sex Development Using a Stepwise Approach.
Association of Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 4 rs10181656 Polymorphism With Rheumatoid Arthritis and Systemic Sclerosis in Khuzestan Province in Southwestern Iran.
Deficient histone H3 propionylation by BRPF1-KAT6 complexes in neurodevelopmental disorders and cancer.
The Role of RNA Binding Proteins for Local mRNA Translation: Implications in Neurological Disorders.
Proteomic and Molecular Assessment of the Common Saudi Variant in ACADVL Gene Through Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Marked Changes in Gut Microbiota in Cardio-Surgical Intensive Care Patients: A Longitudinal Cohort Study.
Association of Plasmodium berghei With the Apical Domain of Hepatocytes Is Necessary for the Parasite \' s Liver Stage Development.
Somatic Mosaicism of IDH1 R132H Predisposes to Anaplastic Astrocytoma: A Case of Two Siblings.
Promoter methylation status of ASC/TMS1/PYCARD is associated with decreased overall survival and TNM status in patients with early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Intellectual Disability in Two Brothers Caused by De Novo Novel Unbalanced Translocation (13;18) (q34,q23) and De Novo Microdeletion 6q25 Syndrome.
How to define and optimize axial resolution in light-sheet microscopy: a simulation-based approach.
Long-term HIV-1 Tat Expression in the Brain Led to Neurobehavioral, Pathological, and Epigenetic Changes Reminiscent of Accelerated Aging.
Optimization of Growth Medium and Fermentation Conditions for the Production of Laccase3 from Cryphonectria parasitica Using Recombinant Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Targeting dePARylation for cancer therapy.
PORTABILITY OF GWAS RESULTS BETWEEN ETHNIC POPULATIONS: GENETIC MARKERS FOR POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME (PCOS) IN MEDITERRANEAN AREA.
Epidemiological aspects of the outcomes from the treatment of endometriosis: Experience from two different geographical areas.
The role of the miR-21-5p-mediated inflammatory pathway in ulcerative colitis.
Successful clinical application of pre-implantation genetic diagnosis for infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy.
Chromoanagenesis: a piece of the macroevolution scenario.
Runting and Stunting Syndrome Is Associated With Mitochondrial Dysfunction in Sex-Linked Dwarf Chicken.
Mitochondrial Genetics and Epigenetics in Osteoarthritis.
Location of Balanced Chromosome-Translocation Breakpoints by Long-Read Sequencing on the Oxford Nanopore Platform.
On the Extent of Linkage Disequilibrium in the Genome of Farm Animals.
Integrated Hypothalamic Transcriptome Profiling Reveals the Reproductive Roles of mRNAs and miRNAs in Sheep.
Comparative Genomic Analysis Reveals the Mechanism Driving the Diversification of Plastomic Structure in Taxaceae Species.
Photosynthetic Regulation Under Salt Stress and Salt-Tolerance Mechanism of Sweet Sorghum.
Resequencing 200 Flax Cultivated Accessions Identifies Candidate Genes Related to Seed Size and Weight and Reveals Signatures of Artificial Selection.
Protective Allele for Multiple Sclerosis HLA-DRB1*01:01 Provides Kinetic Discrimination of Myelin and Exogenous Antigenic Peptides.
Reduced Neutrophil Extracellular Trap (NET) Formation During Systemic Inflammation in Mice With Menkes Disease and Wilson Disease: Copper Requirement for NET Release.
Genomic Insights Into the Mycobacterium kansasii Complex: An Update.
Autoantibody Diagnostics in Neuroimmunology: Experience From the 2018 Italian Neuroimmunology Association External Quality Assessment Program.
A Novel Homozygous Variant in the Fork-Head-Associated Domain of Polynucleotide Kinase Phosphatase in a Patient Affected by Late-Onset Ataxia With Oculomotor Apraxia Type 4.
miR-146a Plasma Levels Are Not Altered in Alzheimer \' s Disease but Correlate With Age and Illness Severity.
Aberrant Whole-Brain Transitions and Dynamics of Spontaneous Network Microstates in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury.
A Novel BRCA1 Gene Mutation Detected With Breast Cancer in a Vietnamese Family by Targeted Next-Generation Sequencing: A Case Report.
A prior history of binge-drinking increases sensitivity to the motivational valence of methamphetamine in female C57BL/6J mice.
Discovering CsgD Regulatory Targets in Salmonella Biofilm Using Chromatin Immunoprecipitation and High-Throughput Sequencing (ChIP-seq).
[Lipoprotein(a) and risk of cardiovascular disease].
Pathogenic and Uncertain Genetic Variants Have Clinical Cardiac Correlates in Diverse Biobank Participants.
Safety and Utility of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Cardiomyopathy/Dysplasia.
Variants of Uncertain Significance and "Missing Pathogenicity".
Risk of Stroke in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation Is Associated With Stroke in Siblings: A Nationwide Study.
The narrative paradox of the BRCA gene: an ethnographic study in the clinical encounters of ovarian cancer patients.
A neuroeconomic investigation of 5-HTT/5-HT1A gene variation, social anxiety, and risk-taking behavior.
Repeat-Preserving Decoy Database for False Discovery Rate Estimation in Peptide Identification.
Regioselective Synthesis of a C-4 \'  \'  Carbamate,C-6 \'  \'  n-Pr Substituted Cyclitol Analogue of SL0101.
The importance of OATP1B1 and 1B3 in the liver uptake of luteolin and its consequent glucuronidation metabolites.
Flow Cytometry for the Diagnosis of Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases: A Single Center Experience.
Chinese Society of Allergy and Chinese Society of Otorhinolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Guideline for Chronic Rhinosinusitis.
The mechanoreceptor DEG-1 regulates cold tolerance in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The adipokine NimrodB5 regulates peripheral hematopoiesis in Drosophila.
A conserved ATG2-GABARAP family interaction is critical for phagophore formation.
Ependyma-expressed CCN1 restricts the size of the neural stem cell pool in the adult ventricular-subventricular zone.
A small NGS-SNP panel of ancestry inference designed to distinguish African, European, East and South Asian populations.
Effects of some gelling agents and their concentrations on conversion of oil palm polyembryoids into plantlets.
Common and distinct brain functional alterations in pharmacotherapy treatment-naive female borderline personality disorder patients with and without auditory verbal hallucinations: a pilot study.
Karyotype evaluation of repeated abortions in primary and secondary recurrent pregnancy loss.
Pharmacogenetic investigation of efficacy response to mepolizumab in eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
Into the wild: new yeast genomes from natural environments and new tools for their analysis.
CTRP12 Ameliorated Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Cardiomyocyte Injury.
Intracellular Delivery of Antisense DNA and siRNA with Amino Groups Masked with Disulfide Units.
Noninvasive Prenatal Testing for Trisomies 21, 18, and 13, Sex Chromosome Aneuploidies, and Microdeletions in Average-Risk Pregnancies: A Cost-Effectiveness Analysis.
Exploring the molecular mechanism of azole resistance in Aspergillus fumigatus.
Risk of breast implant associated anaplastic large cell lymphoma (BIA-ALCL) in a cohort of 3546 women prospectively followed long term after reconstruction with textured breast implants.
Association of fingerprint bodies with rods in a case with mutations in the LMOD3 gene.
Ultrasound detection of endometrial cancer in women with postmenopausal bleeding: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Genetic analysis of orotic acid predicted with Fourier transform infrared milk spectra.
The extraradical proteins of Rhizophagus irregularis: A shotgun proteomics approach.
Tissue substructure-specific deposition of the beta3-containing laminin-332 in the biliary epithelium of human and mouse livers.
[Desire for pregnancy and breast cancer].
[Oncofertility and breast cancer].
[Chemotherapy and young women in breast cancer: what management?]
[Breast cancer in young women. Histological and prognostic specificities: how are they different from older women?]
The Impact of Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing on Patient and Provider.
Self-Ordering Laboratory Testing: Limitations When a Physician Is not Part of the Model.
Facilitating Versus Inhibiting the Transmission of Drug Abuse from High-Risk Parents to Their Children: A Swedish National Study.
The Deep Genome Project.
Correlation Between DTI Findings and Volume of Corpus Callosum in Children with AUTISM.
Increased Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Associated With Stage 1 Hypertension in a Low-Risk Cohort: Evidence From 47 874 Cases.
iAMPlified gene expression offers new insights in B cell precursor leukemia subtype.
Maternal circulating concentrations of soluble Fas and Elabela in early- and late-onset preeclampsia.
Association of growth traits with a structural variation downstream of the KCNJ11 gene: a large population-based study in chickens.
Grainyhead-like transcription factors in cancer - Focus on recent developments.
Genetics of Breast and Gynecologic Cancers (PDQ ): Health Professional Version
High-sensitivity Troponin I Predicts Galectin-3 in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients.
The role of socioeconomic status in the susceptibility to develop systemic lupus erythematosus in Mexican patients.
Diagnostic yield of a custom-designed multi-gene cancer panel in Irish patients with breast cancer.
Human BCL10 Deficiency due to Homozygosity for a Rare Allele.
Hybrid Model of Bacterial Biofilm Growth.
Cannings models, population size changes and multiple-merger coalescents.
EMT signaling: potential contribution of CRISPR/Cas gene editing.
Bymovirus-induced yellow mosaic diseases in barley and wheat: viruses, genetic resistances and functional aspects.
Cardiac-Specific Caveolin-3 Overexpression Prevents Post-Myocardial Infarction Ventricular Arrhythmias by Inhibiting Ryanodine Receptor-2 Hyperphosphorylation.
CSF1R inhibitor PLX5622 and environmental enrichment additively improve metabolic outcomes in middle-aged female mice.
Potential applications of nanopore sequencing for forensic analysis.
Corrigendum to "Generation of an induced pluripotent stem cell line (XHCSUi001-A) from urine cells of a patient with spinocerebellar ataxia type 3" [Stem Cell Research Vol 40 (2019) 101555].
Multiple acyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase deficiency shows a possible founder effect and is the most frequent cause of lipid storage myopathy in Iran.
Selenium-associated DNA methylation modifications in placenta and neurobehavioral development of newborns: An epigenome-wide study of two U.S. birth cohorts.
Clostridioides difficile ribotype 106: A systematic review of the antimicrobial susceptibility, genetics, and clinical outcomes of this common worldwide strain.
Development and application of a nonbinary SNP-based microhaplotype panel for paternity testing involving close relatives.
Genome-wide discovery of DNA variants in cucumber somaclonal lines.
The Complete Chloroplast Genome of Magnolia polytepala: Comparative Analyses Offer Implication for Genetics and Phylogeny of Yulania.
2,3,5,4 \' -tetrahydroxystilbene-2-O-beta-D-glucoside Restores BDNF -TrkB and FGF2-Akt Signaling Axis to Attenuate Stress-induced Depression.
Risk of Metachronous Colorectal Neoplasm After a Segmental Colectomy in Lynch Syndrome Patients According to Mismatch Repair Gene Status.
Two types of recessive hereditary spastic paraplegia in Roma patients in compound heterozygous state; no ethnically prevalent variant found.
Drosophila decapping protein 2 modulates the formation of cortical F-actin for germ plasm assembly.
Genetics of chronic rhinosinusitis.
Association Between Polymorphisms in DNA Damage Repair Genes and Radiation Therapy-Induced Early Adverse Skin Reactions in a Breast Cancer Population: A Polygenic Risk Score Approach.
Characterization of CEL-DUP2: Complete duplication of the carboxyl ester lipase gene is unlikely to influence risk of chronic pancreatitis.
Genetic Testing in Inherited Arrhythmias: Approach, Limitations, and Challenges.
Associations of telomere length with anthropometric and glucose changes after a lifestyle intervention in abdominal obese children.
Selected factors of the innate immunity in Polish patients suffering from pulmonary tuberculosis.
Panel 3: Genomics, precision medicine and targeted therapies.
Advances in Chromatin Imaging at Kilobase-Scale Resolution.
Peptide retention time prediction in hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography: Zwitter-ionic sulfoalkylbetaine and phosphorylcholine stationary phases.
Deep learning for prediction of colorectal cancer outcome: a discovery and validation study.
Genomic characterisation and epidemiology of 2019 novel coronavirus: implications for virus origins and receptor binding.
Cervical cancer elimination: are targets useful?
Compound heterozygous IFT140 variants in two Polish families with Sensenbrenner syndrome and early onset end-stage renal disease.
Does Bonferroni correction "rescue" the deviation from Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium?
Photodynamic therapy mediated by aluminium-phthalocyanine nanoemulsion eliminates primary tumors and pulmonary metastases in a murine 4T1 breast adenocarcinoma model.
Drosophila Xrcc2 regulates DNA double-strand repair in somatic cells.
Pegylated carbon nitride nanosheets for enhanced reactive oxygen species generation and photodynamic therapy under hypoxic conditions.
Aldehyde dehydrogenase 3A1 confers oxidative stress resistance accompanied by altered DNA damage response in human corneal epithelial cells.
Ichthyosis affects mental health in adults and children: a cross-sectional study.
STAT1 Transcriptionally Regulates the Expression of S1PR1 by Binding its Promoter Region.
Genetics and other omics in pediatric pulmonary arterial hypertension.
H2S prevents injury after ischemic stroke by diminishing the assembly of CaMKII with ASK1-MKK3-p38 signaling module.
Complications, morbidity and mortality of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Insulin-like growth factor 1 signaling in motor neuron and polyglutamine diseases: From molecular pathogenesis to therapeutic perspectives.
Targeted lipidomics and transcriptomics profiling reveal the heterogeneity of visceral and subcutaneous white adipose tissue.
A retrospective study of myeloid leukaemia in children with Down syndrome in Ireland.
Psychological Comorbidities in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Maternal Prenatal Exposures in Pregnancy and Autism Spectrum Disorder: An Insight into the Epigenetics of Drugs and Diet as Key Environmental Influences.
Neuropsychopathology of Autism Spectrum Disorder: Complex Interplay of Genetic, Epigenetic, and Environmental Factors.
Genomics of Autism.
New Horizons for Molecular Genetics Diagnostic and Research in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Overview and Introduction to Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD).
Metagenomic analysis exploring taxonomic diversity of rumen microbial communities in Vechur and crossbred cattle of Kerala state, India.
Allergy, asthma, and the risk of breast and prostate cancer: a Mendelian randomization study.
Evaluation of New Components in Modified Scholten \' s Medium for the Detection of Somatic Coliphages.
Screening of Biomarkers Related to Ovarian Maturation and Spawning in Blunt Snout Bream (Megalobrama amblycephala) Based on Metabolomics and Transcriptomics.
Truncating mutations in YIF1B cause a progressive encephalopathy with various degrees of mixed movement disorder, microcephaly, and epilepsy.
Segregated expression of ENaC subunits in taste cells.
CD49d promotes disease progression in chronic lymphocytic leukemia: new insights from CD49d bimodal expression.
The influence of diet on the microbiota of live-feed rotifers (Brachionus plicatilis) used in commercial fish larviculture.
De novo TBR1 variants cause a neurocognitive phenotype with ID and autistic traits: report of 25 new individuals and review of the literature.
The genome of opportunistic fungal pathogen Fusarium oxysporum carries a unique set of lineage-specific chromosomes.
Author Correction: Lipid-droplet-accumulating microglia represent a dysfunctional and proinflammatory state in the aging brain.
A transcriptome-wide association study based on 27 tissues identifies 106 genes potentially relevant for disease pathology in age-related macular degeneration.
A novel PAK1 variant causative of neurodevelopmental disorder with postnatal macrocephaly.
An RNAi supplemented diet as a reverse genetics tool to control bluegreen aphid, a major pest of legumes.
A MAFG-lncRNA axis links systemic nutrient abundance to hepatic glucose metabolism.
Author Correction: Acquisition, transmission and strain diversity of human gut-colonizing crAss-like phages.
Human and mouse essentiality screens as a resource for disease gene discovery.
Endogenous FGF21-signaling controls paradoxical obesity resistance of UCP1-deficient mice.
Arabidopsis XTH4 and XTH9 contribute to wood cell expansion and secondary wall formation.
Gefitinib and afatinib show potential efficacy for Fanconi anemia-related head and neck cancer.
Predictive biomarkers for adjuvant capecitabine benefit in early stage triple negative breast cancer in the FinXX clinical trial.
Lysis of an Lactococcus lactis Di-peptidase Mutant and Rescue by Mutation in the Pleiotropic Regulator CodY.
The cell wall integrity pathway contributes to the early stages of Aspergillus fumigatus asexual development.
Across-site differences in the mechanism of alcohol-induced digestive tract carcinogenesis: an evaluation by mediation analysis.
Familial hypercholesterolemia class II low density lipoprotein-receptor response to statin treatment.
Rare Genetic Variants of Large Effect Influence Risk of Type 1 Diabetes.
ATR-16 syndrome: mechanisms linking monosomy to phenotype.
The scaffold-protein IQGAP1 enhances and spatially restricts the actin-nucleating activity of Diaphanous-related formin 1 (DIAPH1).
Glycolytic reprogramming of macrophages activated by NOD1 and TLR4 agonists: no association with proinflammatory cytokine production in normoxia.
Contribution of Rare Variants of the SLC22A12 Gene to the Missing Heritability of Serum Urate Levels.
The Role of pkc-3 and Genetic Suppressors in Caenorhabditis elegans Epithelial Cell Junction Formation.
Of mice, genes and aging.
Corrigendum to "Physical activity effects on the individual alpha peak frequency of older adults with and without genetic risk factors for Alzheimer \' s Disease: A MEG study" [Clin. Neurophysiol. 129 (2018) 1981-1989].
Iron and Heme Metabolism at the Leishmania-Host Interface.
Myopia and Childhood Migration: A Study of 607 862 Adolescents.
5Gs for crop genetic improvement.
Editorial Overview: "Islet Biology in Type 2 Diabetes".
A novel de novo ACTA1 variant in a patient with nemaline myopathy and mitochondrial Complex I deficiency.
Cytoplasmic ribosomal protein L14B is essential for fertilization in Arabidopsis.
Mapping of quantitative trait loci for antioxidant molecules in tomato fruit: Carotenoids, vitamins C and E, glutathione and phenolic acids.
Exogenous application of abscisic acid to shoots promotes primary root cell division and elongation.
Overexpression of PtDefensin enhances resistance to Septotis populiperda in transgenic poplar.
Overexpression of an AP2/ERF family gene, BpERF13, in birch enhances cold tolerance through upregulating CBF genes and mitigating reactive oxygen species.
Rice SnRK protein kinase OsSAPK8 acts as a positive regulator in abiotic stress responses.
Identification and fine-mapping of a genetic locus underlying soybean tolerance to SMV infections.
Pro-metastatic functions of Notch signaling is mediated by CYR61 in breast cells.
Psychosocial impact of prognostic genetic testing in uveal melanoma patients: a controlled prospective clinical observational study.
Mutations of BRCA2 in canine mammary tumors and their targeting potential in clinical therapy.
Genotype-phenotype correlation and description of two novel mutations in Iranian patients with glycogen storage disease 1b (GSD1b).
A novel nonsense mutation in the STS gene in a Pakistani family with X-linked recessive ichthyosis: including a very rare case of two homozygous female patients.
DSP p.(Thr2104Glnfs*12) variant presents variably with early onset severe arrhythmias and left ventricular cardiomyopathy.
Methyl-CpG-binding protein 2 (MECP2) mutation type is associated with bone disease severity in Rett syndrome.
Zmat2 in mammals: conservation and diversification among genes and Pseudogenes.
Genome-wide association study on Fourier transform infrared milk spectra for two Danish dairy cattle breeds.
The economic value of R0 for selective breeding against microparasitic diseases.
Comparison on epidemiology, tumor location, histology, and prognosis of intracranial germ cell tumors between Mayo Clinic and Japanese consortium cohorts.
Tubeimoside I suppresses diabetes-induced bone loss in rats, osteoclast formation, and RANKL-induced nuclear factor-kappaB pathway.
The management of desmoid tumours: A joint global consensus-based guideline approach for adult and paediatric patients.
Metagenomic analysis of a blood stain from the French revolutionary Jean-Paul Marat (1743-1793).
Netazepide Inhibits Expression of Pappalysin 2 in Type-1 Gastric Neuroendocrine Tumors.
Biochemical mechanisms of aggregation in TGFBI-linked corneal dystrophies.
Multi-omics analysis revealed that MAPK signaling and flavonoid metabolic pathway contributed to resistance against Meloidogyne incognita in the introgression line cucumber.
Expanding the clinical and neuroimaging features of NKX6-2-related hereditary spastic ataxia type 8.
Integrating Next Generation Sequencing with Morphology Improves Prognostic and Biologic Classification of Spitz Neoplasms.
Analysis of homologous and heterologous interactions between UDP-galactose transporter and beta-1,4-galactosyltransferase 1 using NanoBiT.
Titanium dioxide nanoparticles promote oxidative stress, autophagy and reduce NLRP3 in primary rat astrocytes.
Analyses of VEGFC/VEGF-D expressions, density and endothelial lymphatic proliferation in salivary gland neoplasms.
Adult Human Glioblastomas Harbor Radial Glia-like Cells.
Increased Neural Progenitor Proliferation in a hiPSC Model of Autism Induces Replication Stress-Associated Genome Instability.
Chromatin Organization in Early Land Plants Reveals an Ancestral Association between H3K27me3, Transposons, and Constitutive Heterochromatin.
ELIMAKI Locus Is Required for Vertical Proprioceptive Response in Birch Trees.
Allele-Specific QTL Fine Mapping with PLASMA.
Genome-wide Association Study Identifies HLA-DPB1 as a Significant Risk Factor for Severe Aplastic Anemia.
Bi-allelic Variants in RALGAPA1 Cause Profound Neurodevelopmental Disability, Muscular Hypotonia, Infantile Spasms, and Feeding Abnormalities.
Bi-allelic Variants in TKFC Encoding Triokinase/FMN Cyclase Are Associated with Cataracts and Multisystem Disease.
Recurrent De Novo NAHR Reciprocal Duplications in the ATAD3 Gene Cluster Cause a Neurogenetic Trait with Perturbed Cholesterol and Mitochondrial Metabolism.
Transactivation of Sus1 and Sus2 by Opaque2 is an essential supplement to sucrose synthase-mediated endosperm filling in maize.
A high-quality walnut genome assembly reveals extensive gene expression divergences after whole-genome duplication.
Conifers exhibit a characteristic inactivation of auxin to maintain tissue homeostasis.
Evaluation of mitochondrial DNA copy number estimation techniques.
XPRESSyourself: Enhancing, standardizing, and automating ribosome profiling computational analyses yields improved insight into data.
A review of the intriguing interaction between testosterone and neurocognitive development in males with 47,XXY.
Recent Research in Science Teaching and Learning.
Twenty-Five Years of Spinal Muscular Atrophy Research: From Phenotype to Genotype to Therapy, and What Comes Next.
Long QT Syndrome Type 1 in an Australian Indigenous Patient.
Emerging roles of microRNAs in plant heavy metal tolerance and homeostasis.
Copy Number Variation and Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Germline PTEN Mutations.
Evaluation of X-Linked Adrenoleukodystrophy Newborn Screening in North Carolina.
Altered expression of DNA damage repair genes in the brain tissue of mice conceived by in vitro fertilization.
Coolpup.py: versatile pile-up analysis of Hi-C data.
decorate: Differential Epigenetic Correlation Test.
A cis-carotene derived apocarotenoid regulates etioplast and chloroplast development.
 \' That \' s the Esketamine, Baby, there \' s Nothing You Can Do about It! \'  An Update on Glutamatergic System in Suicidal Depression.
Gene therapy repairs for epileptic brain: Potential for treatment and future directions.
Wnt/beta-catenin and PI3K/Akt/mtor Signaling Pathways in Glioblastoma: Two main targets for drug design: A Review.
Deciduous Teeth as an Alternative DNA Source for Post-Mortem Genetic Testing.
Genetic evaluation including exome sequencing of two patients with Gomez-Lopez-Hernandez syndrome: Case reports and review of the literature.
Comparative pollen and foliar micromorphological studies using light microscopy and scanning electron microscopy of some selected species of Lamiaceae from Alpine Zone of Deosai Plateau, Western Himalayas.
Prenatal diagnosis and clinical significance of cephalocoele - a single institution experience and literature review.
Reply to comments on: Obesity associated with a novel mitochondrial tRNACys 5802A&gt;G mutation in a Chinese family.
Genetic diversity of human immunodeficiency virus-1 in Nigeria: 2002-2017 - systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pharmacotherapeutic considerations and options for the management of osteoarthritis in women.
Associations of irs-1 polymorphism with various components of the metabolic syndrome in hypertensive patients
[Diagnostic strategy of the pediatric urologist-andrologist when examining a newborn with sex differentiation disorders].
[Genetic aspects of primary hyperoxaluria: epidemiology, ethiology, pathogenesis, and clinical signs of the disorder].
[Disorders of sex development 46 XY and bilateral metachronous wilms tumor in a child with mutation in exon 7 of WT1 gene].
[Functional activity of leucocytes in seminal fluid of patients with pathospermia].
[Aberrant expression of arrestin-1 and recoverin in kidney tumors].
Retinal haemangioblastomas in von Hippel-Lindau germline mutation carriers: progression, complications and treatment outcome.
Association of vascular endothelial growth factor A polymorphisms and aberrant expression of connexin 43 and VEGFA with idiopathic recurrent spontaneous miscarriage.
Inhibiting MARSs reduces hyperhomocysteinemia-associated neural tube and congenital heart defects.
Cyp1 inhibition prevents doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy in a zebrafish heart failure model.
Community assembly of the native C. elegans microbiome is influenced by time, substrate, and individual bacterial taxa.
Expression profile of Toll-like receptor 4 in rat testis and epididymis throughout postnatal development.
PARP1 V762A polymorphism affects the prognosis of myelodysplastic syndromes.
Bta-miR-149-5p inhibits proliferation and differentiation of bovine adipocytes through targeting CRTCs at both transcriptional and posttranscriptional levels.
Rapid neural categorization of angry and fearful faces is specifically impaired in boys with autism spectrum disorder.
Nuclear-encoded sigma factor 6 (SIG6) is involved in the block of greening response in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Association of Paraoxonse1 (PON1) Genotypes with the Activity of PON1 in Patients with Parkinson \' s Disease.
Risk Factors and Prevention Strategies for Anxiety Disorders in Childhood and Adolescence.
Gene-Environment Interactions and Role of Epigenetics in Anxiety Disorders.
Onygenalean Fungi as Major Human and Animal Pathogens.
Differentiation Potential of Mesenchymal Stem Cells into Pancreatic beta-Cells.
Effects of Peroxiredoxin 2 in Neurological Disorders: A Review of its Molecular Mechanisms.
Tools for Analysis of the Microbiome.
Depressive Emotionality Moderates the Influence of the BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism on Executive Functions and on Unconscious Semantic Priming.
Development and application of oligonucleotide-based chromosome painting for chromosome 4D of Triticum aestivum L.
Prevalence of CNV-neutral structural genomic rearrangements in MLH1, MSH2, and PMS2 not detectable in routine NGS diagnostics.
Mainstreamed genetic testing of breast cancer patients in two hospitals in South Eastern Norway.
Mice Deficient in the IL-1beta Activation Genes Prtn3, Elane, and Casp1 Are Protected Against the Development of Obesity-Induced NAFLD.
Production of biologically active human factor IX-Fc fusion protein in the milk of transgenic mice.
Absence of AfuXpot, the yeast Los1 homologue, limits Aspergillus fumigatus growth under amino acid deprived condition.
A novel narnavirus from a Saccharomyces cerevisiae flor strain.
Sequential pattern of sublayer formation in the paleocortex and neocortex.
TP53 mutated AML subclones exhibit engraftment in a humanized bone marrow ossicle mouse model.
The neurological update: therapies for cerebellar ataxias in 2020.
Congenital hyperinsulinism: management and outcome, a single tertiary centre experience.
The role of physical activity in metabolic homeostasis before and after the onset of type 2 diabetes: an IMI DIRECT study.
JASS: command line and web interface for the joint analysis of GWAS results.
In vitro Infection of Primary Human Monocytes with HIV-1.
Isolation of Indigenous Selenium Tolerant Yeast and Investigation of the Relationship Between Growth and Selenium Biotransformation.
The effects of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on the transcriptome of aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) knock-down porcine granulosa cells.
Trial watch: chemotherapy-induced immunogenic cell death in immuno-oncology.
Subcortical Myoclonus and Associated Dystonia in 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome.
Paroxysmal Kinesigenic Dyskinesia: First Molecularly Confirmed Case from Africa.
Activated human astrocyte-derived extracellular vesicles modulate neuronal uptake, differentiation and firing.
Differential impact of interleukin-6 promoter gene polymorphism on hippocampal volume in antipsychotic-naive schizophrenia patients.
Identification of RELN variant p.(Ser2486Gly) in an Iranian family with ankylosing spondylitis; the first association of RELN and AS.
RBL1 (p107) functions as tumor suppressor in glioblastoma and small-cell pancreatic neuroendocrine carcinoma in Xenopus tropicalis.
Association of the genetic ancestry with resistant hypertension in the ReHOT (Resistant Hypertension Optimal Treatment) randomized study.
The incidence and etiology of sperm DNA fragmentation in the ejaculates of males with spinal cord injuries.
Amine oxidase 3 is a novel pro-inflammatory marker of oxidative stress in peritoneal endometriosis lesions.
Associations between adipose tissue volume and small molecules in plasma and urine among asymptomatic subjects from the general population.
Genome-scale data reveal the role of hybridization in lichen-forming fungi.
Systematic Comparison of High-throughput Single-Cell and Single-Nucleus Transcriptomes during Cardiomyocyte Differentiation.
Loss-of-function mutations in UDP-Glucose 6-Dehydrogenase cause recessive developmental epileptic encephalopathy.
Physical activity and risks of breast and colorectal cancer: a Mendelian randomisation analysis.
Molecular signatures of aneuploidy-driven adaptive evolution.
Structural basis for electron transport mechanism of complex I-like photosynthetic NAD(P)H dehydrogenase.
Author Correction: Recurrent PTPRT/JAK2 mutations in lung adenocarcinoma among African Americans.
Author Correction: Blood-brain barrier permeable nano immunoconjugates induce local immune responses for glioma therapy.
Macrophages directly contribute collagen to scar formation during zebrafish heart regeneration and mouse heart repair.
Overexpression of apoptosis inducing factor aggravates hypoxic-ischemic brain injury in neonatal mice.
MicroRNA signatures predict early major coronary events in middle-aged men and women.
Genetics of schizophrenia in the South African Xhosa.
Homozygous Hypomorphic HNF1A Alleles Are a Novel Cause of Young-Onset Diabetes and Result in Sulphonylurea-Sensitive Diabetes.
Liver transcriptomics highlights interleukin-32 as novel NAFLD-related cytokine and candidate biomarker.
Is gastric cancer becoming a rare disease? A global assessment of predicted incidence trends to 2035.
Structure of nucleosome-bound human BAF complex.
Structural basis of second-generation HIV integrase inhibitor action and viral resistance.
Structural basis for strand transfer inhibitor binding to HIV intasomes.
Whole genome sequence-based haplotypes reveal a single origin of the 1393 bp HBB deletion.
Thromboelastography parameters in Italian pregnant women: do antithrombotic drugs change reference values?
Ten tips for foundation doctors when making inpatient referrals to surgical specialties.
Germline development in rat revealed by visualization and deletion of Prdm14.
Drosophila adult muscle precursor cells contribute to motor axon pathfinding and proper innervation of embryonic muscles.
High-throughput sequencing (HTS) for the analysis of viral populations.
Genetic polymorphisms of TP53 (rs1042522) and MDM2 (rs2279744) and colorectal cancer risk: An updated meta-analysis based on 59 case-control studies.
Reliable method for high quality His-tagged and untagged E. coli phosphoribosyl phosphate synthase (Prs) purification.
FXR-dependent Rubicon induction impairs autophagy in models of human cholestasis.
MicroRNAs as major regulators of the autophagy pathway.
Characterization of serum cytokines and circulating microRNAs that are predicted to regulate inflammasome genes in cutaneous leishmaniasis patients.
The Neuroscience of Sadness: A Multidisciplinary Synthesis and Collaborative Review for the Human Affectome Project.
Contribution of cholinergic system and Nrf2/HO-1 signaling to the anti-amnesic action of 7-fluoro-1,3-diphenylisoquinoline-1-amine in mice.
S-adenosylhomocysteine (AdoHcy)-dependent methyltransferase inhibitor DZNep overcomes breast cancer tamoxifen resistance via induction of NSD2 degradation and suppression of NSD2-driven redox homeostasis.
Estrogenic control of mitochondrial function.
Gene Therapies for Axonal Neuropathies: Available Strategies, Successes to Date, and What to Target Next.
Specific Nutritional Biomarker Profiles in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Subjective Cognitive Decline Are Associated With Clinical Progression: The NUDAD Project.
Testicular tissue cryopreservation is the preferred method to preserve spermatogonial stem cells prior to transplantation.
Amyloid Cardiomyopathy.
Management of Patients with Advanced Prostate Cancer: Report of the Advanced Prostate Cancer Consensus Conference 2019.
Prime Editing: A New Way for Genome Editing.
Epidemiology research to foster improvement in chronic kidney disease care.
The dog 2.0: Lessons learned from the past.
Current perspectives on the role of biomechanical loading and genetics in development of disc degeneration and low back pain; a narrative review.
Neonatal Metabolic Crises: A Practical Approach.
Dysmorphology in a Genomic Era.
Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndromes.
Genetic correlations between subcortical brain volumes and psychiatric disorders.
