Mortal consequences of a cooperative action between Takotsubo syndrome and increased intracranial pressure.
Treatment of cutaneous lupus erythematosus: current approaches and future strategies.
Androgen Suppresses Hyperosmolarity-Induced Inflammatory Mediators in Human Corneal Epithelial Cells.
Dengue virus non-structural protein 1 activates the p38 MAPK pathway to decrease barrier integrity in primary human endothelial cells.
Treatment of diabetic retinopathy through neuropeptide Y-mediated enhancement of neurovascular microenvironment.
Effect of hydrogen sulfide on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in rats with myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury via the JNK signaling pathway.
Effect of imatinib on DOCA-induced myocardial fibrosis in rats through P38 MAPK signaling pathway.
Effect of miR-223 on thrombophlebitis rats through regulating Toll-like receptor signaling pathway.
Circular RNA hsa_circ_0012673 facilitates lung cancer cell proliferation and invasion via miR-320a/LIMK18521 axis.
PKCalpha and Netrin-1/UNC5B positive feedback control in relation with chemical therapy in bladder cancer.
Targeting EZH2 by microRNA-449a inhibits osteosarcoma cell proliferation, invasion and migration via regulation of PI3K/AKT signaling pathway and epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Synovial mesenchymal stem cells effectively alleviate osteoarthritis through promoting the proliferation and differentiation of meniscus chondrocytes.
Effect of miR-26b on gestational diabetes mellitus in rats via PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
DHA inhibits Gremlin-1-induced epithelial-to-mesenchymal transitionvia ERK suppression in human breast cancer cells.
Inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta improves cognitive function in aged mice by upregulating claudin presences in cerebral endothelial cells.
Long non-coding RNA growth arrest-specific transcript 5 regulates rheumatoid arthritis by targeting homeodomain-interacting protein kinase 2.
Synthesis, Molecular Docking and Biological Evaluation of Novel Flavone Derivatives as Potential Anticancer Agents Targeting Akt.
Impact of glioblastoma multiforme associated mutations on the structure and function of MAP/Microtubule affinity regulating kinase 4.
Clinical response to pazopanib in a patient with endolymphatic sac tumor not associated with von Hippel-Lindau syndrome.
Ibrutinib in primary central nervous system diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Serum biochemistry of the Arrau turtle (Podocnemis expansa): Frozen analyte stability and the effects of long-term storage.
The dual reno- and neuro-protective effects of dimethyl fumarate against uremic encephalopathy in a renal ischemia/reperfusion model.
Apixaban exhibits anti-arthritic effects by inhibiting activated factor X-mediated JAK2/STAT3 and MAPK phosphorylation pathways.
Crystal structures of human NSDHL and development of its novel inhibitor with the potential to suppress EGFR activity.
Pregnant rats exposed to low-level methylmercury exhibit cerebellar synaptic and neuritic remodeling during the perinatal period.
Wnt/beta-catenin signaling as an emerging potential key pharmacological target in cholangiocarcinoma.
Pirfenidone Is an Agonistic Ligand for PPARalpha and Improves NASH by Activation of SIRT1/LKB1/pAMPK.
mTOR pathway somatic variants and the molecular pathogenesis of hemimegalencephaly.
Clonal Hematopoiesis: A New Step Linking Inflammation to Heart Failure.
Role of mTOR and VEGFR Inhibition in Prevention of Metastatic Tumor Growth in the Spine.
Endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspirate for diagnosis of anaplastic large cell lymphoma of unusual presentation: A case report.
Discovery of a highly selective VEGFR2 kinase inhibitor CHMFL-VEGFR2-002 as a novel anti-angiogenesis agent.
Benzydamine inhibits osteoclast differentiation and bone resorption via down-regulation of interleukin-1 beta  expression.
Repurposing antimycotic ciclopirox olamine as a promising anti-ischemic stroke agent.
Disturbed Yin-Yang balance: stress increases the susceptibility to primary and recurrent infections of herpes simplex virus type 1.
The Challenge of Diagnosing SAVI: Case Studies.
Predicting the Benefit of Adjuvant Aromatase Inhibitor Therapy in Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Patients with Phosphorylated S6K1 Expression Status.
The Role and Regulatory Mechanism of Hippo Signaling Components in the Neuronal System.
Depletion of LncRNA NEAT1 Rescues Mitochondrial Dysfunction Through NEDD4L-Dependent PINK1 Degradation in Animal Models of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Multiple trauma including pelvic fracture with multiple arterial embolization: an autopsy case report.
Knockdown of SMAD3 inhibits the growth and enhances the radiosensitivity of lung adenocarcinoma via p21 in vitro and in vivo.
SGK1 mediates the hypotonic protective effect against H2O2-induced apoptosis of rat basilar artery smooth muscle cells by inhibiting the FOXO3a/Bim signaling pathway.
The proprotein convertase furin is a pro-oncogenic driver in KRAS and BRAF driven colorectal cancer.
Genetic and phenotypic landscape of the mitochondrial genome in the Japanese population.
Characterization of tomato protein kinases embedding guanylate cyclase catalytic center motif.
De novo transcriptome of the diatom Cylindrotheca closterium identifies genes involved in the metabolism of anti-inflammatory compounds.
Author Correction: Characterization of metal binding of bifunctional kinase/phosphatase AceK and implication in activity modulation.
Role of prelimbic cortex PKC and PKMzeta in fear memory reconsolidation and persistence following reactivation.
Acetate attenuates perioperative neurocognitive disorders in aged mice.
Glucagon receptor antagonist upregulates circulating GLP-1 level by promoting intestinal L-cell proliferation and GLP-1 production in type 2 diabetes.
RPTPalpha phosphatase activity is allosterically regulated by the membrane-distal catalytic domain.
The calcium sensor CBL2 and its interacting kinase CIPK6 are involved in plant sugar homeostasis via interacting with tonoplast sugar transporter TST2.
Combining ibrutinib and checkpoint blockade improves CD8+ T-cell function and control of chronic lymphocytic leukemia in Em-TCL1 mice.
Phase II-like murine trial identifies synergy between dexamethasone and dasatinib in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
The adrenergic-induced ERK3 pathway drives lipolysis and suppresses energy dissipation.
Methylated Vnn1 at promoter regions induces asthma occurrence via the PI3K/Akt/NFkappaB-mediated inflammation in the IUGR mice.
Impact of Systemic Therapy in Metastatic Renal-Cell Carcinoma Patients With Synchronous and Metachronous Brain Metastases.
TATTON: a multi-arm, phase Ib trial of osimertinib combined with selumetinib, savolitinib, or durvalumab in EGFR-mutant lung cancer.
A Roundtable Discussion of the Breast Cancer Therapy Expert Group (BCTEG): Clinical Developments and Practice Guidance on Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2)-positive Breast Cancer.
Palmatine alleviates hyperalgesia by inhibiting the expression of calcitonin gene-related peptide in the trigeminal ganglion of rats with chronic constriction injury of the infraorbital nerve.
Meta-analysis of human prefrontal cortex reveals activation of GFAP and decline of synaptic transmission in the aging brain.
Graphene oxide and indole-3-acetic acid cotreatment regulates the root growth of Brassica napus L. via multiple phytohormone pathways.
Sulforaphane Activates a Lysosome-dependent Transcriptional Program to Mitigate Oxidative Stress.
Myocardial Energetics in Obesity: Enhanced ATP Delivery Through Creatine Kinase with Blunted Stress Response.
Versican expression level in cumulus cells is associated with human oocyte developmental competence.
Liraglutide Suppresses Tau Hyperphosphorylation, Amyloid Beta Accumulation through Regulating Neuronal Insulin Signaling and BACE-1 Activity.
Conformational Insight on WT- and Mutated-EGFR Receptor Activation and Inhibition by Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate: Over a Rational Basis for the Design of Selective Non-Small-Cell Lung Anticancer Agents.
Rosa davurica Pall. Improves Propionibacterium acnes-Induced Inflammatory Responses in Mouse Ear Edema Model and Suppresses Pro-Inflammatory Chemokine Production via MAPK and NF-kappaB Pathways in HaCaT Cells.
Regulation of Small GTPase Rab20 by Ikaros in B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Citrus Auraptene Induces Expression of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor in Neuro2a Cells.
Pan Aurora Kinase Inhibitor: A Promising Targeted-Therapy in Dedifferentiated Liposarcomas With Differential Efficiency Depending on Sarcoma Molecular Profile.
[Analysis of the efficacy and influencing factors of nilotinib or dasatinib as second- or third-line treatment in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia in the chronic phase and accelerated phase].
Identification of a pro-elongation effect of diallyl disulfide, a major organosulfur compound in garlic oil, on microglial process.
The force of HER2 - A druggable target in NSCLC?
Acid/bile exposure triggers TRAIL-mediated apoptosis in esophageal cancer cells by suppressing the decoy receptors and c-FLIPR.
Acute Lung Injury: the therapeutic role of Rho kinase inhibitors.
Early-Onset Pulmonary Events Associated With Brigatinib Use in Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Arctiin protects rat heart against ischemia/reperfusion injury via a mechanism involving reduction of necroptosis.
Vorinostat upregulates MICA via the PI3K/Akt pathway to enhance the ability of natural killer cells to kill tumor cells.
Design of Turn-On Near-Infrared Fluorescent Probes for Highly Sensitive and Selective Monitoring of Biopolymers.
The Effects of Diets Enriched in Monounsaturated Oleic Acid on the Management and Prevention of Obesity: a Systematic Review of Human Intervention Studies.
FLS2 is a CDK-like kinase that directly binds IFT70 and is required for proper ciliary disassembly in Chlamydomonas.
Longxuetongluo capsule alleviates lipopolysaccharide-induced neuroinflammation by regulating multiple signaling pathways in BV2 microglia cells.
PTEN Loss and Cyclin A2 Upregulation Define a PI3K/AKT Pathway Activation in Helicobacter pylori-induced MALT and DLBCL Gastric Lymphoma With Features of MALT.
Remote liver ischemic preconditioning protects rat brain against cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury by activation AKT dependent pathway.
1-Stearoyl-2-docosahexaenoyl-phosphatidic acid interacts with and activates Praja-1, the E3 ubiquitin ligase acting on the serotonin transporter in the brain.
Multi-omic analysis reveals HIP-55-dependent regulation of cytokines release.
Effect of increased expression of both ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate 1 and p21-activated kinase 1 in patients with N0M0 upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma and cancer-free surgical margins.
Renal protective effects of empagliflozin via inhibition of EMT and aberrant glycolysis in proximal tubules.
State-of-the-art treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Follistatin is a novel therapeutic target and biomarker in FLT3/ITD acute myeloid leukemia.
The crystal structure of the catalytic domain of tau tubulin kinase 2 in complex with a small-molecule inhibitor.
USP1 deubiquitinates Akt to inhibit PI3K-Akt-FoxO signaling in muscle during prolonged starvation.
Elevation of CD109 promotes metastasis and drug resistance in lung cancer via activation of EGFR-AKT-mTOR signaling.
A-kinase interacting protein 1 (AKIP1) associates with advanced overall disease condition, tumor properties, and unfavorable prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
The effect of maslinic acid on cognitive dysfunction induced by cholinergic blockade in mice.
Delivery of Small Molecule EF2 Kinase Inhibitor for Breast and Pancreatic Cancer Cells Using Hyaluronic Acid Based Nanogels.
Precision cell-free DNA extraction for liquid biopsy by integrated microfluidics.
Blood-stage malaria parasites manipulate host innate immune responses through the induction of sFGL2.
FGF Signaling Pathway: A Key Regulator of Stem Cell Pluripotency.
Polyploid Adipose Stem Cells Shift the Balance of IGF1/IGFBP2 to Promote the Growth of Breast Cancer.
Antiangiogeneic Strategies in Mesothelioma.
Cucurbitacin D Overcomes Gefitinib Resistance by Blocking EGF Binding to EGFR and Inducing Cell Death in NSCLCs.
CT-Based Radiomic Signature as a Prognostic Factor in Stage IV ALK-Positive Non-small-cell Lung Cancer Treated With TKI Crizotinib: A Proof-of-Concept Study.
The Relationship between Cognitive Impairment and Coronary Artery Disease in Middle-aged Adults.
Immunization against Leishmania major infection in BALB/c mice using a subunit-based DNA vaccine derived from TSA, LmSTI1, KMP11, and LACK predominant antigens.
Exploring the role of dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase-mediated reduction in tissue asymmetrical dimethylarginine levels in cardio-protective mechanism of ischaemic postconditioning in rats.
MAGE-A inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation in multiple myeloma through regulation of BIM and p21Cip1.
DNA dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) enhances HIV transcription by promoting RNA polymerase II activity and recruitment of transcription machinery at HIV LTR.
BCAP Regulates Dendritic Cell Maturation Through the Dual-Regulation of NF-kappaB and PI3K/AKT Signaling During Infection.
Crystalline Silica Impairs Efferocytosis Abilities of Human and Mouse Macrophages: Implication for Silica-Associated Systemic Sclerosis.
"Heart Oddity": Intrinsically Reduced Excitability in the Right Ventricle Requires Compensation by Regionally Specific Stress Kinase Function.
Src Inhibition Attenuates Neuroinflammation and Protects Dopaminergic Neurons in Parkinson \' s Disease Models.
Hinokitiol reduces tumor metastasis by inhibiting heparanase via extracellular signal-regulated kinase and protein kinase B pathway.
Changes in Urinary Titin N-terminal Fragment Concentration after Concentric and Eccentric Exercise.
Mitochondrial stress is relayed to the cytosol by an OMA1-DELE1-HRI pathway.
MNK1 signaling induces an ANGPTL4-mediated gene signature to drive melanoma progression.
BCAP31, a cancer/testis antigen-like protein, can act as a probe for non-small-cell lung cancer metastasis.
Knockdown of miR-665 Protects Against Cardiomyocyte Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury-Induced ROS Accumulation and Apoptosis Through the Activation of Pak1/Akt Signaling in Myocardial Infarction.
Toll-Like Receptor 7 Stimulation Promotes the Development of Atherosclerosis in Apolipoprotein E-Deficient Mice.
Cytoprotective effects evaluation of A novel danshensu derivative DEX-018 against oxidative stress injury in HUVECs.
Pseudorabies virus infection of epithelial cells leads to persistent but aberrant activation of the NF-kappaB pathway, inhibiting hallmark NF-kappaB-induced pro-inflammatory gene expression.
Dopamine transporter trafficking and Rit2 GTPase: Mechanism of action and in vivo impact.
Genomic-guided precision therapy for soft tissue sarcoma.
Characterization of Anti-Neovascularization Activity and Ocular Pharmacokinetics of PI3K/mTOR Inhibitor GNE-947.
Casein Kinase 2alpha Enhances 5-Fluorouracil Resistance in Colorectal Cancer Cells by Inhibiting Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Synergistic Effect of Alectinib and Everolimus on ALK-positive Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma Growth Inhibition.
Silencing of Growth Differentiation Factor-15 Promotes Breast Cancer Cell Invasion by Down-regulating Focal Adhesion Genes.
Androgen Receptor Enhances the Efficacy of Sorafenib Against Hepatocellular Carcinoma Through Enriched EpCAM Stemness.
Creatine Kinase and Myoglobin Levels as Indicators of Perioperative Muscle Damage during Open- and Mini-Invasive Stabilization of Thoracic and Lumbar Spine Fracture - a Prospective Randomized Study.
The JNK pathway represents a novel target in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis through the suppression of MMP-3.
Influence of Casein kinase II inhibitor CX-4945 on BCL6-mediated apoptotic signaling in B-ALL in vitro and in vivo.
Effects of ibrutinib on in vitro platelet aggregation in blood samples from healthy donors and donors with platelet dysfunction.
Interaction of the mTERT telomerase catalytic subunit with the c-Abl tyrosine kinase in mouse granulosa cells.
Halogen gas exposure: Toxic effects on the parturient.
Mechanism of Anti-Cancer Activity of Curcumin on Androgen-Dependent and Androgen-Independent Prostate Cancer.
Influence of the Menstrual Cycle on Blood Markers of Muscle Damage and Inflammation Following Eccentric Exercise.
Effects of Liraglutide on Myocardial Function After Cardiac Surgery: A Secondary Analysis of the Randomised Controlled GLOBE Trial.
Unique Triterpenoid of Jujube Root Protects Cisplatin-induced Damage in Kidney Epithelial LLC-PK1 Cells via Autophagy Regulation.
miR-221-3p Regulates VEGFR2 Expression in High-Risk Prostate Cancer and Represents an Escape Mechanism from Sunitinib In Vitro.
Discovery of 1-Pyrimidinyl-2-Aryl-4,6-Dihydropyrrolo [3,4-d]Imidazole-5(1H)-Carboxamide as a Novel JNK Inhibitor.
Inhibitory Effect of 1,5-Dimethyl Citrate from Sea Buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides) on Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Inflammatory Response in RAW 264.7 Mouse Macrophages.
WNK1 Kinase Stimulates Angiogenesis to Promote Tumor Growth and Metastasis.
Pretreatment T790M mutation detection by ultrasensitive PCR assay as predictor of efficacy in non-small lung cancer (NSCLC) patients treated with 1st or 2nd generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs).
Evaluation of safety and efficacy of minocycline combined with tyrosine kinase inhibitors in patients of EGFR mutated metastatic lung cancer.
Non-small cell lung cancer in the elderly: A retrospective study comparing first-line treatment with single-agent vs combination chemotherapy vs tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
Efficacy of tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) in advanced lung adenosquamous carcinoma.
Role of radiotherapy in management of brain metastases in anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)-rearranged non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A single-center retrospective study.
Real-world immuno-oncology (IO) therapy treatment patterns and outcomes in patients with anaplastic lymphoma kinase positive (ALK+) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the United States.
New insights into acquired resistance mechanisms to third-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy in lung cancer.
Mutational spectrum of acquired resistance to reversible versus irreversible EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors.
Thrombin Promotes Macrophage Polarization into M1-Like Phenotype to Induce Inflammatory Responses.
Molecular and immunological characterizations of interleukin-11 in large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea).
The Therapeutic Landscape of Renal Cell Carcinoma: From the Dark Age to the Golden Age.
Targeting the PI5P4K Lipid Kinase Family in Cancer Using Covalent Inhibitors.
PP2AC Phospho-Tyr307 Antibodies Are Not Specific for this Modification but Are Sensitive to Other PP2AC Modifications Including Leu309 Methylation.
Regulated Proteolysis of MutSgamma Controls Meiotic Crossing Over.
AMPK and TOR: The Yin and Yang of Cellular Nutrient Sensing and Growth Control.
PRDX2 plays an oncogenic role in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma via Wnt/beta-catenin and AKT pathways.
Glycogen synthase kinase 3ss participates in late stages of Dengue virus-2 infection.
Influence of EGFR-activating mutations on sensitivity to tyrosine kinase inhibitors in a KRAS mutant non-small cell lung cancer cell line.
3PO inhibits inflammatory NFkappaB and stress-activated kinase signaling in primary human endothelial cells independently of its target PFKFB3.
Inhibition of the oligosaccharyl transferase in Caenorhabditis elegans that compromises ER proteostasis suppresses p38-dependent protection against pathogenic bacteria.
The Role of Sphingolipid Pathway in Liver Fibrosis: An Emerging New Potential Target for Novel Therapies.
Phenotype transitions induced by mechanical stimuli in airway smooth muscle are regulated by differential interactions of parvin isoforms with paxillin and Akt.
Osimertinib, a third-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor: A retrospective multicenter study of its real-world efficacy and safety in advanced/recurrent non-small cell lung carcinoma.
Root-knot nematodes induce gall formation by recruiting developmental pathways of post-embryonic organogenesis and regeneration to promote transient pluripotency.
CBL-CIPK module-mediated phosphoregulation: facts and hypothesis.
USP16 counteracts mono-ubiquitination of RPS27a and promotes maturation of the 40S ribosomal subunit.
Phosphorylation of multiple proteins involved in ciliogenesis by Tau Tubulin kinase 2.
Antidepressant mechanism of classical herbal formula lily bulb and Rehmannia decoction: Insights from gene expression profile of medial prefrontal cortex of mice with stress-induced depression-like behavior.
Fedratinib in patients with myelofibrosis previously treated with ruxolitinib: An updated analysis of the JAKARTA2 study using stringent criteria for ruxolitinib failure.
Strategy used to synthesize high activity and low Pd catalyst for Suzuki coupling reaction: an experimental and theoretical investigation.
Enzymatic preparation of a low-molecular-weight polysaccharide rich in uronic acid from the seaweed Laminaria japonica and evaluation of its hypolipidemic effect in mice.
Fever, Fasting, and Rhabdomyolysis in an Adult Male.
Tropomyosin receptor kinase inhibitors: an updated patent review for 2016 - 2019.
Larotrectinib, a selective tropomyosin receptor kinase inhibitor for adult and pediatric tropomyosin receptor kinase fusion cancers.
TAS-115 inhibits PDGFRalpha/AXL/FLT-3 signaling and suppresses lung metastasis of osteosarcoma.
Renal protective effect of nebivolol in rat models of acute renal injury: role of sodium glucose co-transporter 2.
ALK detection in lung cancer: identification of atypical and cryptic ALK rearrangements using an optimal algorithm.
IRE1alpha kinase-mediated unconventional protein secretion rescues misfolded CFTR and pendrin.
Interfering MSN-NONO complex-activated CREB signaling serves as a therapeutic strategy for triple-negative breast cancer.
LATS kinase-mediated CTCF phosphorylation and selective loss of genomic binding.
Small-molecule activation of lysosomal TRP channels ameliorates Duchenne muscular dystrophy in mouse models.
The PERK Inhibitor GSK2606414 Enhances Reovirus Infection in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma via an ATF4-Dependent Mechanism.
Bioprospecting endophytic fungi from Fusarium genus as sources of bioactive metabolites.
Eupafolin ameliorates lipopolysaccharide-induced cardiomyocyte autophagy via PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway.
Akt inhibitor deguelin aggravates inflammation and fibrosis in myocarditis.
Exosomes derived from HeLa cells break down vascular integrity by triggering endoplasmic reticulum stress in endothelial cells.
The role of YWHAZ in cancer: A maze of opportunities and challenges.
Therapeutic Rationale to Target Highly Expressed Aurora kinase A Conferring Poor Prognosis in Cholangiocarcinoma.
Visualization of gene therapy with a liver cancer-targeted adeno-associated virus 3 vector.
Risk factors of acquired T790M mutation in patients with epidermal growth factor receptor-mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Macrovascular Endothelial Cells Enhance the Motility of Liver Cancer Cells by Up-regulation of MMP-3, Activation of Integrin/FAK Signaling Pathway and Induction of Non-classical Epithelial-mesenchymal Transition.
Biomarker testing for personalized, first-line therapy in advanced nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer patients in the real world setting in Japan: a retrospective, multicenter, observational study (the BRAVE study).
IGFBP5 increases cell invasion and inhibits cell proliferation by EMT and Akt signaling pathway in Glioblastoma multiforme cells.
Protective Effect and Mechanism of Action of Rosmarinic Acid on Radiation-Induced Parotid Gland Injury in Rats.
Insulin-PI3K signalling: an evolutionarily insulated metabolic driver of cancer.
Particulate mediators of the bystander effect linked to suicide and interferon-beta transgene expression in melanoma cells.
European LeukemiaNet 2020 recommendations for treating chronic myeloid leukemia.
Functional Consequences of PDK4 Deficiency in Doberman Pinscher Fibroblasts.
The mTOR pathway is necessary for survival of mice with short telomeres.
FGF9 and FGF10 activate distinct signaling pathways to direct lung epithelial specification and branching.
Blocking EGFR palmitoylation suppresses PI3K signaling and mutant KRAS lung tumorigenesis.
Regulation of B cell receptor-dependent NF-kappaB signaling by the tumor suppressor KLHL14.
Genomics, morphoproteomics, and treatment patterns of alveolar soft part sarcoma patients and response to multiple experimental therapies.
Defining Stage-Specific Activity of Potent New Inhibitors of Cryptosporidium parvum Growth In Vitro.
TBK1 Activation by VHL Loss in Renal Cell Carcinoma: A Novel HIF-Independent Vulnerability.
ATM Loss Confers Greater Sensitivity to ATR Inhibition than PARP Inhibition in Prostate Cancer.
Upregulation of IL-4 signaling contributes to aerobic exercise-induced insulin sensitivity.
Several critical genes and microRNAs associated with the development of polycystic ovary syndrome.
CDK1 and CDC20 overexpression in patients with colorectal cancer are associated with poor prognosis: evidence from integrated bioinformatics analysis.
Voltage Rollercoaster Filtering of Low-Mass Contaminants During Native Protein Analysis.
Salt-Inducible Kinase 3 Haplotypes Associated with Noise-Induced Hearing Loss in Chinese Workers.
Mitigation of the Adverse Consequences of Nutrient Excess on the Kidney: A Unified Hypothesis to Explain the Renoprotective Effects of Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 Inhibitors.
Expression profiling of the genes encoding ABA route components and the ACC oxidase isozymes in the senescing leaves of Populus tremula.
Blood collection from dairy calves at exsanguination post-slaughter yields similar biochemical and packed cell volume measurements compared with in vivo collection during lairage.
Skeletal restoration by phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors in osteopenic mice: Evidence of osteoanabolic and osteoangiogenic effects of the drugs.
Apatinib exhibits cytotoxicity toward leukemia cells by targeting VEGFR2-mediated prosurvival signaling and angiogenesis.
Vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein suppresses nuclear factor kappa-B- and mitogen-activated protein kinase-mediated pro-inflammatory responses dependent on sialic acids.
Tau Reduction Prevents Key Features of Autism in Mouse Models.
Inhibition of PLK4 might enhance the anti-tumour effect of bortezomib on glioblastoma via PTEN/PI3K/AKT/mTOR signalling pathway.
Copanlisib synergizes with conventional and targeted agents including venetoclax in B- and T-cell lymphoma models.
Increased circulating adiponectin is an independent disease activity marker in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: A cross-sectional study using the KURAMA database.
Changes in pregnancy-related serum biomarkers early in gestation are associated with later development of preeclampsia.
Traceability validation of six enzyme measurements on the Abbott Alinity c analytical system.
Early age thermal manipulation on the performance and physiological response of broiler chickens under hot humid tropical climate.
Anaplastic lymphoma kinase inhibitors: an updated patent review (2014-2018).
Suppression of Drug-Resistant Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer with Inhibitors Targeting Minichromosomal Maintenance Protein.
Perfluoro-tert-Butyl Hydroxyprolines as Sensitive, Conformationally Responsive Molecular Probes: Detection of Protein Kinase Activity by 19F NMR.
RIOK2 is negatively regulated by miR-4744 and promotes glioma cell migration/invasion through epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Control of Akt activity and substrate phosphorylation in cells.
Necroptosis-Inducible Polymeric Nanobubbles for Enhanced Cancer Sonoimmunotherapy.
Allantoin, a Potential Metabolite That Promotes AMPK Phosphorylation and Suppresses Cholesterol Biosynthesis Via the Mevalonate Pathway and Bloch Pathway.
Personalized Approach to Cancer Treatment-Related Cardiomyopathy.
Activation of Protein Kinase Cdelta Contributes to the Induction of Src/EGF Receptor/ERK Signaling in Ammonia-treated Astrocytes.
Dysregulated lipid metabolism in hepatocellular carcinoma cancer stem cells.
Enhancement of sialylation in rIgG in glyco-engineered Chinese hamster ovary cells.
PoMet3 and PoMet14 associated with sulfate assimilation are essential for conidiogenesis and pathogenicity in Pyricularia oryzae.
Validation of the new classification criteria for hereditary recurrent fever in an independent cohort: experience from the JIR Cohort Database.
Gene replacement ameliorates deficits in mouse and human models of cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 disorder.
Genetic inactivation of mTORC1 or mTORC2 in neurons reveals distinct functions in glutamatergic synaptic transmission.
Chronic Beetroot Juice Supplementation Accelerates Recovery Kinetics following Simulated Match Play in Soccer Players.
miR-373 inhibits autophagy and further promotes apoptosis of cholangiocarcinoma cells by targeting ULK1.
Penehyclidine hydrochloride protects against anoxia/reoxygenation injury in cardiomyocytes through ATP-sensitive potassium channels, and the Akt/GSK-3beta and Akt/mTOR signaling pathways.
Histone deacetylase inhibitor OBP-801 and amrubicin synergistically inhibit the growth of squamous cell lung carcinoma by inducing mitochondrial ASK1-dependent apoptosis.
Unraveling the genetic causes in large pedigrees with gout by whole-exome sequencing.
Diallyl disulfide induces downregulation and inactivation of cofilin 1 differentiation via the Rac1/ROCK1/LIMK1 pathway in leukemia cells.
Overexpression of IFIT2 inhibits the proliferation of chronic myeloid leukemia cells by regulating the BCR-ABL/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Cordyceps sinensis attenuates HBx-induced cell apoptosis in HK-2 cells through suppressing the PI3K/Akt pathway.
[Corrigendum]Phosphorylation of cortactin by cyclin-dependent kinase 5 modulates actin bundling by the dynamin 1-cortactin ring-like complex and formation of filopodia and lamellipodia in NG108-15 glioma-derived cells.
A novel loop-mediated isothermal amplification method for efficient and robust detection of EGFR mutations.
Lactobacillus salivarius BP121 prevents cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury by inhibition of uremic toxins such as indoxyl sulfate and p-cresol sulfate via alleviating dysbiosis.
Panax notoginseng saponins prevent senescence and inhibit apoptosis by regulating the PI3K-AKT-mTOR pathway in osteoarthritic chondrocytes.
Curcumin exerts protective effects against hypoxia-reoxygenation injury via the enhancement of apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease 1 in SH-SY5Y cells: Involvement of the PI3K/AKT pathway.
dl-Methionine supplementation in a low-fishmeal diet affects the TOR/S6K pathway by stimulating ASCT2 amino acid transporter and insulin-like growth factor-I in the dorsal muscle of juvenile cobia (Rachycentron canadum).
Review on Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Structure, Signaling Pathways, Interactions, and Recent Updates of EGFR Inhibitors.
CDK9 is dispensable for YAP-driven hepatoblastoma development.
Sphingosine kinase-2 is overexpressed in large granular lymphocyte leukaemia and promotes survival through Mcl-1.
Prediction of preterm pre-eclampsia at midpregnancy using a multivariable screening algorithm.
Adverse effects of interactions between antipsychotics and medications used in the treatment of cardiovascular disorders.
Pretreatment Tumor DNA Sequencing of KIT and PDGFRA in Endosonography-Guided Biopsies Optimizes the Preoperative Management of Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors.
Mechanisms of the Cardiac Myocyte-Damaging Effects of Dasatinib.
The Mechanism of Trivalent Inorganic Arsenic on HIF-1alpha: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
PERK-eIF2alpha-ATF4 signaling contributes to osteogenic differentiation of periodontal ligament stem cells.
Mutation in histone deacetylase clr6 promotes the survival of S. pombe cds1 null mutant in response to hydroxyurea.
MiR-145 alleviates Hcy-induced VSMC proliferation, migration, and phenotypic switch through repression of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway.
Atm deficiency in the DNA polymerase beta null cerebellum results in cerebellar ataxia and Itpr1 reduction associated with alteration of cytosine methylation.
Tumor necrosis factor receptor-2 signaling pathways promote survival of cancer stem-like CD133+ cells in clear cell renal carcinoma.
Lung cancer cells survive epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor exposure through upregulation of cholesterol synthesis.
A pilot study on the relation between irisin single-nucleotide polymorphism and risk of myocardial infarction.
Phenotypic high-throughput screening platform identifies novel chemotypes for necroptosis inhibition.
NF90 stabilizes cyclin E1 mRNA through phosphorylation of NF90-Ser382 by CDK2.
Synergistic Effect of 1,3,6-Trihydroxy-4,5,7-Trichloroxanthone in Combination with Doxorubicin on B-Cell Lymphoma Cells and Its Mechanism of Action Through Molecular Docking.
The effect of R547, a cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor, on hepatocellular carcinoma cell death.
The novel lncRNA BlackMamba controls the neoplastic phenotype of ALK- anaplastic large cell lymphoma by regulating the DNA helicase HELLS.
Primary mammary angiosarcomas harbor frequent mutations in KDR and PIK3CA and show evidence of distinct pathogenesis.
Melanomas with activating RAF1 fusions: clinical, histopathologic, and molecular profiles.
Neuroprotective effects of olanzapine against rotenone-induced toxicity in PC12 cells.
The LRRK2 N-terminal domain influences vesicle trafficking: impact of the E193K variant.
Substrate Specific Inhibitor Designed against the Immunomodulator GMF-beta Reversed the Experimental Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis.
Resveratrol alleviates obesity-induced skeletal muscle inflammation via decreasing M1 macrophage polarization and increasing the regulatory T cell population.
Carbon export from leaves is controlled via ubiquitination and phosphorylation of sucrose transporter SUC2.
AKT regulates mitotic progression of mammalian cells by phosphorylating MASTL leading to PP2A inactivation.
RIPK3 orchestrates fatty acid metabolism in tumor-associated macrophages and hepatocarcinogenesis.
Mechanical stretch increases Kv1.5 current through an interaction between the S1-S2 linker and N-terminus of the channel.
An adolescent with recurrent ankle swelling.
Plakophilin 3 phosphorylation by ribosomal S6 kinase supports desmosome assembly.
MAPK pathway alterations correlate with poor survival and drive resistance to therapy in patients with lung cancers driven by ROS1 fusions.
Pharmacology on Target.
Mesenchymal stem cells maintain the stemness of colon cancer stem cells via interleukin-8/mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathway.
ASK1 Mediates Nur77 Expression in T-Cell Receptor Mediated Thymocyte Apoptosis.
Mevastatin-Induced AP-1-Dependent HO-1 Expression Suppresses Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule-1 Expression and Monocyte Adhesion on Human Pulmonary Alveolar Epithelial Cells Challenged with TNF-alpha.
Remote Ischemic Preconditioning induces Cardioprotective Autophagy and Signals through the IL-6-Dependent JAK-STAT Pathway.
High-Level Expression, Purification and Initial Characterization of Recombinant Arabidopsis Histidine Kinase AHK1.
Genotypic Variation in Resistance Gene-Mediated Calcium Signaling and Hormonal Signaling Involved in Effector-Triggered Immunity or Disease Susceptibility in the Xanthomonas campestris pv. Campestris-Brassica napus Pathosystem.
ATF4-Dependent NRF2 Transcriptional Regulation Promotes Antioxidant Protection during Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Chiral Pyridine-3,5-bis- (L-phenylalaninyl-L-leucinyl) Schiff Base Peptides as Potential Anticancer Agents: Design, Synthesis, and Molecular Docking Studies Targeting Lactate Dehydrogenase-A.
Spatial and Pregnancy-Related Changes in the Protein, Amino Acid, and Carbohydrate Composition of Bovine Oviduct Fluid.
JNK/p66Shc/ITCH Signaling Pathway Mediates Angiotensin II-induced Ferritin Degradation and Labile Iron Pool Increase.
Differential Inhibitory Actions of Multitargeted Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors on Different Ionic Current Types in Cardiomyocytes.
Cell-Type Specific Metabolic Response of Cancer Cells to Curcumin.
Upregulation of Thr/Tyr kinase Increases the Cancer Progression by Neurotensin and Dihydropyrimidinase-Like 3 in Lung Cancer.
Triterpene Acids of Loquat Leaf Improve Inflammation in Cigarette Smoking Induced COPD by Regulating AMPK/Nrf2 and NFkappaB Pathways.
Prostaglandins Isolated from the Octocoral Plexaura homomalla: In Silico and In Vitro Studies Against Different Enzymes of Cancer.
Src Inhibition Attenuates Liver Fibrosis by Preventing Hepatic Stellate Cell Activation and Decreasing Connetive Tissue Growth Factor.
SIRT1 Mediates Melatonin \' s Effects on Microglial Activation in Hypoxia: In Vitro and In Vivo Evidence.
Protein Kinase C Isozymes and Autophagy during Neurodegenerative Disease Progression.
Effect of transport and rest stop duration on the welfare of conditioned cattle transported by road.
Advanced glycation end products facilitate the proliferation and reduce early apoptosis of cardiac microvascular endothelial cells via PKCbeta signaling pathway: Insight from diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Janus kinases (JAKs): The efficient therapeutic targets for autoimmune diseases and myeloproliferative disorders.
Effects of gestational Perfluorooctane Sulfonate exposure on the developments of fetal and adult Leydig cells in F1 males.
Proteomics analysis reveals the defense priming effect of chitosan oligosaccharides in Arabidopsis-Pst DC3000 interaction.
Targeting AKT/PKB to improve treatment outcomes for solid tumors.
WEE1 kinase limits CDK activities to safeguard DNA replication and mitotic entry.
Modulation of LPS-induced inflammation in RAW264.7 murine cells by novel isoflavonoids from Millettia pulchra.
Characterization of cytotoxic effects of aristolochic acids on the vascular endothelium.
Anti-hypertensive and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory effects of Radix Astragali and its bioactive peptide AM-1.
A peptide inhibitor of macrophage migration in atherosclerosis purified from the leech Whitmania pigra.
Mesona chinensis Benth polysaccharides protect against oxidative stress and immunosuppression in cyclophosphamide-treated mice via MAPKs signal transduction pathways.
SIRT3 deficiency delays diabetic skin wound healing via oxidative stress and necroptosis enhancement.
Adult osteosclerotic metaphyseal dysplasia with progressive osteonecrosis of the jaws and abnormal bone resorption pattern due to a LRRK1 splice site mutation.
Zinc exocytosis is sensitive to myosin light chain kinase inhibition in mouse and human eggs.
Efficient immortalization of human dental pulp stem cells with expression of cell cycle regulators with the intact chromosomal condition.
Impact of graft-versus-host disease and graft-versus-leukemia effect based on minimal residual disease in Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
The Arabidopsis exocyst subunits EXO70B1 and EXO70B2 regulate FLS2 homeostasis at the plasma membrane.
Low myocardial transcript variant alt-a of cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor p21 expression differentiates hypothermia from cardiac/respiratory causes of death.
Role of autoimmune hemolytic anemia as an initial indicator for chronic myeloid leukemia: A case report.
A case report of sinusoidal diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in a STK4 deficient patient.
Genomic and Clinicopathologic Characteristics of PRKAR1A-inactivated Melanomas: Toward Genetic Distinctions of Animal-type Melanoma/Pigment Synthesizing Melanoma.
Four generations of EGFR TKIs associated with different pathogenic mutations in non-small cell lung carcinoma.
Hippo Signaling-Mediated Mechanotransduction in Cell Movement and Cancer Metastasis.
Fzr/Cdh1 Promotes the Differentiation of Neural Stem Cell Lineages in Drosophila.
TGF-beta1 Augments the Apical Membrane Abundance of Lemur Tyrosine Kinase 2 to Inhibit CFTR-Mediated Chloride Transport in Human Bronchial Epithelia.
Two-Faced: Roles of JNK Signalling During Tumourigenesis in the Drosophila Model.
ATR-Mediated FANCI Phosphorylation Regulates Both Ubiquitination and Deubiquitination of FANCD2.
Trophoblast-Targeted Nanomedicine Modulates Placental sFLT1 for Preeclampsia Treatment.
Rational Drug Design of Axl Tyrosine Kinase Type I Inhibitors as Promising Candidates Against Cancer.
Multiple Family Members With Delayed Cord Separtion and Combined Immunodeficiency With Novel Mutation in IKBKB.
The Heparin-Binding Hemagglutinin of Nocardia cyriacigeorgica GUH-2 Stimulates Inflammatory Cytokine Secretion Through Activation of Nuclear Factor kappaB and Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Pathways via TLR4.
DNA-PK Inhibitor, M3814, as a New Combination Partner of Mylotarg in the Treatment of Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Collagen Kinase Receptors as Potential Therapeutic Targets in Metastatic Colon Cancer.
Immunometabolic Network Interactions of the Kynurenine Pathway in Cutaneous Malignant Melanoma.
High Expression of Integrin alpha3 Predicts Poor Prognosis and Promotes Tumor Metastasis and Angiogenesis by Activating the c-Src/Extracellular Signal-Regulated Protein Kinase/Focal Adhesion Kinase Signaling Pathway in Cervical Cancer.
Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Resistance Increased the Risk of Cerebral Radiation Necrosis After Stereotactic Radiosurgery in Brain Metastases of Non-small-Cell Lung Cancer: A Multi-Institutional Retrospective Case-Control Study.
Upregulated expression of pyruvate kinase M2 mRNA predicts poor prognosis in lung adenocarcinoma.
Transcriptomic and proteomic profiles of II YOU 838 (Oryza sativa) provide insights into heat stress tolerance in hybrid rice.
Response of metastatic mouse invasive lobular carcinoma to mTOR inhibition is partly mediated by the adaptive immune system.
The Rice Xa3 Gene Confers Resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae in the Model Rice Kitaake Genetic Background.
The Importance of TOR Kinase in Plant Development.
Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase Promotes Oxidative Burst, Stomatal Closure and Plant Immunity in Bacterial Invasion.
Autoantibody Specificities in Myasthenia Gravis; Implications for Improved Diagnostics and Therapeutics.
Hepatocyte-Specific Deletion of AMPKalpha1 Results in Worse Outcomes in Mice Subjected to Sepsis in a Sex-Specific Manner.
Recombinant Factor VIII Fc Inhibits B Cell Activation via Engagement of the FcgammaRIIB Receptor.
Insulin Modulates the Immune Cell Phenotype in Pulmonary Allergic Inflammation and Increases Pulmonary Resistance in Diabetic Mice.
Activation of the Kynurenine Pathway in Human Malignancies Can Be Suppressed by the Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Inhibitor Dinaciclib.
Uncovering Low-Level Maternal Gonosomal Mosaicism in X-Linked Agammaglobulinemia: Implications for Genetic Counseling.
Phosphoglycerate Kinase Is Involved in Carbohydrate Utilization, Extracellular Polysaccharide Biosynthesis, and Cell Motility of Xanthomonas axonopodis pv. glycines Independent of Clp.
Proteomic Investigation Uncovers Potential Targets and Target Sites of Pneumococcal Serine-Threonine Kinase StkP and Phosphatase PhpP.
JAK2 Mediates the Regulation of Pept1 Expression by Leptin in the Grass Carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) Intestine.
Puerarin Attenuates Diabetic Nephropathy by Promoting Autophagy in Podocytes.
Maternal Inulin Supplementation Alters Hepatic DNA Methylation Profile and Improves Glucose Metabolism in Offspring Mice.
Remarkable Homeostasis of Protein Sialylation in Skeletal Muscles of Hibernating Daurian Ground Squirrels (Spermophilus dauricus).
Dexmedetomidine Exerted Anti-arrhythmic Effects in Rat With Ischemic Cardiomyopathy via Upregulation of Connexin 43 and Reduction of Fibrosis and Inflammation.
Role of Platelet-Derived Growth Factor (PDGF) in Asthma as an Immunoregulatory Factor Mediating Airway Remodeling and Possible Pharmacological Target.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 10 Attenuates Renal Damage by Regulating Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress After Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury.
Challenges and Opportunities for Therapeutic Targeting of Calmodulin Kinase II in Heart.
Ketamine Alleviates Postoperative Depression-Like Symptoms in Susceptible Mice: The Role of BDNF-TrkB Signaling.
Five Constituents in Psoralea corylifolia L. Attenuate Palmitic Acid-Induced Hepatocyte Injury via Inhibiting the Protein Kinase C-alpha/Nicotinamide-Adenine Dinucleotide Phosphate Oxidase Pathway.
Neuroprotection by the Immunomodulatory Drug Pomalidomide in the Drosophila LRRK2WD40 Genetic Model of Parkinson \' s Disease.
Electroacupuncture Ameliorates Cognitive Impairment by Inhibiting the JNK Signaling Pathway in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Locally-Induced CaMKII Translocation Requires Nucleotide Binding.
Modulation of Hippocampal Gamma Oscillations by Dopamine in Heterozygous Reeler Mice in vitro.
Levels of Blood Biomarkers among Patients with Myocardial Infarction in Comparison to Control Group.
Screening for scFv-fragments that are stable and active in the cytosol.
Hybrids of Quinoline and Anilinopyrimidine: Novel EGFRT790M Inhibitors with Antiproliferative Activity against Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Cell Lines.
Coxiella effector protein CvpF subverts RAB26-dependent autophagy to promote vacuole biogenesis and virulence.
The proppin Bcas3 and its interactor KinkyA localize to the early phagophore and regulate autophagy.
Effect of Class Switch Recombination Defect on the Phenotype of Ataxia-Telangiectasia Patients.
Cyclosporine attenuates Paraquat-induced mitophagy and pulmonary fibrosis.
The role of Cyclooxygenases-2 in Benzo(a)pyrene induced Neurotoxicity of cortical neurons.
Roles of PTBP1 in alternative splicing, glycolysis, and oncogensis.
Salinity tolerance in barley during germination- homologs and potential genes.
Adaptive RSK-EphA2-GPRC5A signaling switch triggers chemotherapy resistance in ovarian cancer.
Functions of beta2-adrenergic receptor in human periodontal ligament cells.
FAM20C phosphorylation of the RGDSVVYGLR motif in osteopontin inhibits interaction with the alphavbeta3 integrin.
Mutations in long-lived epithelial stem cells and their clonal progeny in pre-malignant lesions and in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
11-Methoxytabersonine Induces Necroptosis with Autophagy through AMPK/mTOR and JNK Pathways in Human Lung Cancer Cells.
Strategies for Design of Molecular Structures with a Desired Pharmacophore Using Deep Reinforcement Learning.
ALK2: A Therapeutic Target for Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva and Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma.
Anti-obesity Effect of Fermented Persimmon Extracts via Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
Docetaxel Upregulates HMGB1 Levels in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.
Induction of Autophagy and Changes in Cellular Metabolism in Glucose Starved C2C12 Myotubes.
Liver hydrolysate improves depressive-like behavior in olfactory bulbectomized mice: Involvement of hippocampal neurogenesis through the AMPK/BDNF/CREB pathway.
The Neuroprotective Mechanism of Spinal Cord Stimulation in Spinal Cord Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury.
Compound Porcine Cerebroside and Ganglioside Injection (CPCGI) Attenuates Sevoflurane-Induced Nerve Cell Injury by Regulating the Phosphorylation of p38 MAP Kinase (p38MAPK)/Nuclear Factor kappa B (NF-kappaB) Pathway.
Successful Reduction of Creatine Kinase and Myoglobin Levels in Severe Rhabdomyolysis Using Extracorporeal Blood Purification (CytoSorb ).
Role of OATP2B1 in drug absorption and drug-drug interactions.
Randomized phase II study of the Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitor acalabrutinib, alone or with pembrolizumab in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer.
Protein kinases as antituberculosis targets: The case of thymidylate kinases.
Role of kinases in virulence and pathogenesis of protozoan parasite E. Histolytica.
Structural and strategic landscape of PIKK protein family and their inhibitors: an overview.
Evolution of PIKK family kinase inhibitors: A new age cancer therapeutics.
Orthosteric and allosteric modulation of human kinases: A mechanistic view.
Protein kinases as potential anticandidal drug targets.
Molecular insights into kinase mediated signaling pathways of chemokines and their cognate G protein coupled receptors.
In-silico approach to identify novel potent inhibitors against GraR of S. aureus.
Inhibition of p-mTOR represses PS1 transcription by reducing p-JNK.
Transcriptomic analysis of PhoR reveals its role in regulation of swarming motility and T3SS expression in Vibrio parahaemolyticus.
Receptor tyrosine kinase activation: From the ligand perspective.
PI3K mediates tumor necrosis factor induced-necroptosis through initiating RIP1-RIP3-MLKL signaling pathway activation.
A novel SOS1-ALK fusion variant in a patient with metastatic lung adenocarcinoma and a remarkable response to crizotinib.
Structure and Functional Characterization of Membrane Integral Proteins in the Lipid Cubic Phase.
Panaxadiol inhibits programmed cell death-ligand 1 expression and tumour proliferation via hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1alpha and STAT3 in human colon cancer cells.
Conditional GSK3beta deletion in parvalbumin-expressing interneurons potentiates excitatory synaptic function and learning in adult mice.
Formation and contraction of multicellular actomyosin cables facilitate lens placode invagination.
Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3 modulates alpha1A-adrenergic receptor action and regulation.
Patients \'  organizations in rare diseases and involvement in drug information: Illustrations with LMC France, the French Association of Chronic Myeloid leukemia.
Direct effect of protein kinase A on four putative phosphorylation sites of aquaporin 2 in vitro.
Thr420 and Ser454 of ZmCCaMK play a crucial role in brassinosteroid-induced antioxidant defense in maize.
EGFR mutation exists in squamous cell lung carcinoma.
Insight into the binding behavior of ceritinib on human alpha-1 acid glycoprotein: Multi-spectroscopic and molecular modeling approaches.
Discovery of T-1101 tosylate as a first-in-class clinical candidate for Hec1/Nek2 inhibition in cancer therapy.
The significance of epidermal growth factor receptor uncommon mutations in non-small cell lung cancer: A systematic review and critical appraisal.
Ethanol metabolism: The good, the bad, and the ugly.
Discovery of 1,6-naphthyridinone-based MET kinase inhibitor bearing quinoline moiety as promising antitumor drug candidate.
Effects of exposing shrimp larvae (Pandalus borealis) to aquaculture pesticides at field relevant concentrations, with and without food limitation.
Inhibition of Protein Phosphatase Methylesterase 1 Dysregulates MAP Kinase Signaling and Attenuates Muscle Cell Differentiation.
Inhibitory effects of ceramide kinase on Rac1 activation, lamellipodium formation, cell migration, and metastasis of A549 lung cancer cells.
Dual oligopeptides modification mediates arsenic trioxide containing nanoparticles to eliminate primitive chronic myeloid leukemia cells inside bone marrow niches.
Comparative analysis of two brine shrimps revealed differential expression pattern and functional characterization of CK2alpha under bacterial stimulation from different geographical distribution.
Glucose availability regulates nicotinamide N-methyltransferase expression in adipocytes.
Modulation of NR1 receptor by CaMKIIalpha plays an important role in chronic itch development in mice.
Cxcr6-Based Mesenchymal Stem Cell Gene Therapy Potentiates Skin Regeneration in Murine Diabetic Wounds.
Comprehensive characterization of endometrial competing endogenous RNA network in infertile women of childbearing age.
Exosomal miR-19a from adipose-derived stem cells suppresses differentiation of corneal keratocytes into myofibroblasts.
Occupational exposure to manganese and risk of creatine kinase and creatine kinase-MB elevation among ferromanganese refinery workers.
Changes in the Inner Retinal Cells after Intense and Constant Light Exposure in Sprague-Dawley Rats.
A novel marine halophenol derivative attenuates lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammation in RAW264.7 cells via activating phosphoinositide 3-kinase/Akt pathway.
Alterations of cell cycle genes in cancer: unmasking the role of cancer stem cells.
Clinical Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Dasatinib.
Hormone-regulated PKA activity in porcine oviductal epithelial cells.
TMEM100 is a key factor for specification of lymphatic endothelial progenitors.
PI3K inhibitor treatment ameliorates the glucocorticoid insensitivity of PBMCs in severe asthma.
M1-like macrophage-derived exosomes suppress angiogenesis and exacerbate cardiac dysfunction in a myocardial infarction microenvironment.
Hypoxia and the hypoxia inducible factor 1alpha activate protein kinase A by repressing RII beta subunit transcription.
Targeting the CK1alpha/CBX4 axis for metastasis in osteosarcoma.
Immunoreactivity of MAPK Signaling in a Rat Model of Intrauterine Growth Retardation Induced by Uterine Artery Ligation.
Targeting BCL-2 as a Therapeutic Strategy for Primary p210BCR-ABL1-positive B-ALL Cells.
A Kinesin adapter directly mediates dendritic mRNA localization during neural development in mice.
Parkinson \' s disease-associated kinase LRRK2 regulates genes required for cell adhesion, polarization, and chemotaxis in activated murine macrophages.
Withdrawal: Activation of autophagic flux against xenoestrogen bisphenol-A-Induced hippocampal neurodegeneration via AMP kinase (AMPK)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathways.
Defining a cellular map of cAMP nanodomains.
Calcium-Dependent Protein Kinase CPK1 Controls Cell Death by In Vivo Phosphorylation of Senescence Master Regulator ORE1.
RhoBTB Proteins Regulate the Hippo Pathway by Antagonizing Ubiquitination of LKB1.
EGFR signaling causes morphine tolerance and mechanical sensitization in rats.
Association between creatine kinase activity, oxidative stress and selenoproteins mRNA expression changes after Brazil nut consumption of patients using statins.
Captopril Attenuates the Upregulated Connexin 43 Expression in Artery Calcification.
Isopulegol, A Dietary Monoterpene Mitigates Hyperglycemia Mediated Oxidative and Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in HFD/STZ Induced Diabetic Rats.
Del Nido cardioplegia versus blood cardioplegia in adult aortic root surgery.
Choline transporter-like 1 (CTL1) positively regulates apical hook development in etiolated Arabidopsis seedlings.
Leptospirosis in an asplenic patient -case report.
CITK Loss Inhibits Growth of Group 3 and Group 4 Medulloblastoma Cells and Sensitizes Them to DNA-Damaging Agents.
ZnO Nanoparticles Induced Caspase-Dependent Apoptosis in Gingival Squamous Cell Carcinoma through Mitochondrial Dysfunction and p70S6K Signaling Pathway.
In-depth Understanding of Camellia oleifera Self-incompatibility by Comparative Transcriptome, Proteome and Metabolome.
Quercetin Protects Against Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Intestinal Oxidative Stress in Broiler Chickens through Activation of Nrf2 Pathway.
The Landscape of the Anti-Kinase Activity of the IDH1 Inhibitors.
A TMT-Based Quantitative Proteome Analysis to Elucidate the TSWV Induced Signaling Cascade in Susceptible and Resistant Cultivars of Solanum lycopersicum.
LC-MS/MS determination of buparlisib, a phosphoinositide 3 kinase inhibitor in rat plasma: application to a pharmacokinetic study.
Genetic polymorphisms genomic region of the bovine SH2B2 gene their associations Molecular Breeding for Body Size Traits Qinchuan Cattle.
Can cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6 inhibitors convert inoperable breast cancer relapse to operability? A case report.
Experimental Study of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Treatment by Shikonin Through Regulating PKM2.
The role of hydrogen peroxide-inducible clone-5 in tumor progression.
Ibrutinib-Induced Vasculitis in a Patient with Metastatic Colon Cancer Treated in Combination with Cetuximab.
Differential effects of integrin-linked kinase inhibitor Cpd22 on severe pulmonary hypertension in male and female rats.
Secondary amine selective Petasis (SASP) bioconjugation.
Allogeneic hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation for myelofibrosis.
HIF-2alpha regulates CD44 to promote cancer stem cell activation in triple-negative breast cancer via PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling.
Rebiopsy with Thoracoscopy under Local Anesthesia for the Detection of EGFR T790M Mutation.
Imatinib-Induced Tremor in a Patient with Chronic Myeloid Leukemia in Chronic Phase.
Validation of the EUTOS Long-Term Survival Score in Chinese Chronic Myeloid Leukemia Patients Treated with Imatinib: A Multicenter Real-World Study.
Long Non-Coding RNA Cancer Susceptibility 9 (CASC9) Up-Regulates the Expression of ERBB2 by Inhibiting miR-193a-5p in Colorectal Cancer.
Regulation of E2F Transcription Factor 3 by microRNA-152 Modulates Gastric Cancer Invasion and Metastasis.
Antitumor Effect of miR-1294/Pyruvate Kinase M2 Signaling Cascade in Osteosarcoma Cells.
Circ_0058124 Upregulates MAPK1 Expression to Promote Proliferation, Metastasis and Metabolic Abilities in Thyroid Cancer Through Sponging miR-940.
Safety and Efficacy of Chemotherapy Combined with Anlotinib Plus Anlotinib Maintenance in Chinese Patients with Advanced/Metastatic Soft Tissue Sarcoma.
ALK Rearrangement Adenocarcinoma with Histological Transformation to Squamous Cell Carcinoma Resistant to Alectinib and Ceritinib.
Knockdown of FOXO6 Inhibits Glycolysis and Reduces Cell Resistance to Paclitaxel in HCC Cells via PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
A Novel lncRNA ENST00000512916 Facilitates Cell Proliferation, Migration and Cell Cycle Progression in Ameloblastoma.
Liquiritigenin-Loaded Submicron Emulsion Protects Against Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity via Antioxidant, Anti-Inflammatory, and Anti-Apoptotic Activity.
Reduced Glucose Tolerance and Skeletal Muscle GLUT4 and IRS1 Content in Cyclists Habituated to a Long-Term Low-Carbohydrate, High-Fat Diet.
Novel drugs targeting EGFR and HER2 exon 20 mutations in metastatic NSCLC.
Different intracellular signalling sensitivity and cell behaviour of porcine insulin with aging.
Chromogranin A provides additional prognostic information in children with severe hand, foot, and mouth disease: A prospective observational study.
Overview of cannabidiol (CBD) and its analogues: Structures, biological activities, and neuroprotective mechanisms in epilepsy and Alzheimer \' s disease.
The role of small molecule Flt3 receptor protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitors in the treatment of Flt3-positive acute myelogenous leukemias.
Dephosphorylation of Fas-ligand and caveolin-1 is a prerequisite step in Fas-ligand - caveolin-1 complex formation and cell death stimulation.
The Role of Histone Acetylation in the Sevoflurane-induced Inhibition of Neurogenesis in the Hippocampi of Young Mice.
Ketamine induces rapid and sustained antidepressant-like effects in chronic pain induced depression: Role of MAPK signaling pathway.
Discovery of ATR kinase inhibitor berzosertib (VX-970, M6620): Clinical candidate for cancer therapy.
Molecular mechanisms of apoptosis induced by a novel synthetic quinolinone derivative in HL-60 human leukemia cells.
Porcine IGF-1R synonymous mutations in the intracellular domain affect cell proliferation and alter kinase activity.
SUMO Conjugation to BZR1 Enables Brassinosteroid Signaling to Integrate Environmental Cues to Shape Plant Growth.
A Combinatorial MAP Code Dictates Polarized Microtubule Transport.
Developing Implantable Scaffolds to Enhance Neural Stem Cell Therapy for Post-Operative Glioblastoma.
Identification and characterization of alternative STK39 transcripts within human and mouse kidneys reveals species-specific regulation of blood pressure.
The Effects of Bioavailable Curcumin (Cureit) on Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness Induced By Eccentric Continuous Exercise: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind Clinical Study.
Outcomes in Black and White Patients With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma Treated With First-Line Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors: Insights From Two Large Cohorts.
LncRNA MACC1-AS1 Promotes Lung Adenocarcinoma Cell Proliferation by Downregulating PTEN.
Somite boundary determination in normal and clock-less vertebrate embryos.
Serum Fetuin-A and Insulin Levels in Classic Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia.
High-Intensity Functional Training Improves Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Neuromuscular Performance Without Inflammation or Muscle Damage.
Inhibition of Sphingosine Kinase 1 Attenuates Sepsis-induced Microvascular Leakage via Inhibiting Macrophage NLRP3 Inflammasome Activation in Mice.
Correlation of programmed death-ligand 1 expression with gene expression and clinicopathological parameters in Indian patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
MicroRNA-based recombinant AAV vector assembly improves efficiency of suicide gene transfer in a murine model of lymphoma.
Laodelphax striatellus Atg8 facilitates Rice stripe virus infection in an autophagy-independent manner.
Phenotyping reveals the targets of a pseudo-natural product autophagy inhibitor.
TAK1 signaling activity links the mast cell cytokine response and degranulation in allergic inflammation.
AKAP1 mediates high glucose-induced mitochondrial fission through the phosphorylation of Drp1 in podocytes.
Tetrabromobisphenol A-Induced Apoptosis in Neural Stem Cells Through Oxidative Stress and Mitochondrial Dysfunction.
Selumetinib for plexiform neurofibromas in neurofibromatosis type 1: a single-institution experience.
PKCgamma interneurons, a gateway to pathological pain in the dorsal horn.
Epistatic Effect of Regulators to the Adaptive Growth of Escherichia coli.
Synaptotagmin 12 (SYT12) Gene Expression Promotes Cell Proliferation and Progression of Lung Adenocarcinoma and Involves the Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase (PI3K)/AKT/Mammalian Target of Rapamycin (mTOR) Pathway.
c-Src controls stability of sprouting blood vessels in the developing retina independently of cell-cell adhesion through focal adhesion assembly.
A new method for estimating the relative binding free energy, derived from a free energy variational principle for the Pim-1-kinase-ligand and FKBP-ligand systems.
Erdheim-Chester disease.
Endothelin-1 enhances acid-sensing ion channel currents in rat primary sensory neurons.
Identification of a molecular marker associated with lignotuber in Eucalyptus ssp.
The kinase PERK represses translation of the G protein-coupled receptor LGR5 and receptor tyrosine kinase ERBB3 during ER stress in cancer cells.
Protein Engineering in the Ubiquitin System: Tools for Discovery and Beyond.
Dasatinib is an effective treatment for angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma.
Dihydrocapsaicin-induced angiogenesis and improved functional recovery after cerebral ischemia and reperfusion in a rat model.
Vitamin B6 in acute encephalopathy with biphasic seizures and late reduced diffusion.
Comprehensive analysis of 34 MiT family translocation renal cell carcinomas and review of the literature: investigating prognostic markers and therapy targets.
Unraveling survivin expression in chronic myeloid leukemia: Molecular interactions and clinical implications.
GR, Sgk1, and NDRG1 in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: their correlation with therapeutic outcome of neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
A Critical Review on Anticancer Mechanisms of Natural Flavonoid Puerarin.
Current Insights of Inhibitors of p38 Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase in Inflammation.
Prevention of DMBA-induced mammary gland tumors in mice by a dual-function inhibitor of JAK3 and EGF receptor tyrosine kinases.
Montelukast ameliorates doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity via modulation of p-glycoprotein and inhibition of ROS-mediated TNF-alpha/NF-kappaB pathways.
Role of Akt Activation in PARP Inhibitor Resistance in Cancer.
Antioxidant Blueberry Anthocyanins Induce Vasodilation via PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway in High-Glucose-Induced Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cells.
The Protective Effect of the Polysaccharide Precursor, D-Isofloridoside, from Laurencia undulata on Alcohol-Induced Hepatotoxicity in HepG2 Cells.
Mut9p-LIKE KINASE Family Members: New Roles of the Plant-Specific Casein Kinase I in Plant Growth and Development.
The Effect of Orally Dosed Levagen+  (palmitoylethanolamide) on Exercise Recovery in Healthy Males-A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study.
Gintonin-Enriched Fraction Suppresses Heat Stress-Induced Inflammation Through LPA Receptor.
Efficacy of Crizotinib, Ceritinib, and Alectinib in ALK-Positive Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Treatment: A Meta-Analysis of Clinical Trials.
Suppression of Fpr2 expression protects against endotoxin-induced acute lung injury by interacting with Nrf2-regulated TAK1 activation.
STING is an essential regulator of heart inflammation and fibrosis in mice with pathological cardiac hypertrophy via endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress.
Ginkgolic acid (GA) suppresses gastric cancer growth by inducing apoptosis and suppressing STAT3/JAK2 signaling regulated by ROS.
Therapeutic benefits of apocynin in mice with lipopolysaccharide/D-galactosamine-induced acute liver injury via suppression of the late stage pro-apoptotic AMPK/JNK pathway.
Asperuloside exhibits a novel anti-leukemic activity by triggering ER stress-regulated apoptosis via targeting GRP78.
Inhibitory effects of JQ1 on listeria monocytogenes-induced acute liver injury by blocking BRD4/RIPK1 axis.
Magnoflorine inhibits human gastric cancer progression by inducing autophagy, apoptosis and cell cycle arrest by JNK activation regulated by ROS.
Molecular inflammation and oxidative stress are shared mechanisms involved in both myocardial infarction and periodontitis.
Adaptive phenotypic modulations lead to therapy resistance in chronic myeloid leukemia cells.
Enhanced Vascular Smooth Muscle Calcium Sensitivity and Loss of Endothelial Vasodilator Influence Contribute to Myogenic Tone Development in Rat Radial Uterine Arteries during Gestation.
Salt-inducible kinase 1 maintains HDAC7 stability to promote pathologic cardiac remodeling.
Association between focal adhesion kinase and matrix metalloproteinase-9 expression in prostate adenocarcinoma and their influence on the progression of prostatic adenocarcinoma.
Substrate mechanics dictate cell-cell communication by gap junctions in stem cells from human apical papilla.
17beta-estradiol ameliorates lipotoxicity-induced hepatic mitochondrial oxidative stress and insulin resistance.
Insights into the molecular pathogenesis of cardiospondylocarpofacial syndrome: MAP3K7 c.737-7A &gt; G variant alters the TGFbeta-mediated alpha-SMA cytoskeleton assembly and autophagy.
Cytochrome 450 metabolites of arachidonic acid (20-HETE, 11,12-EET and 14,15-EET) promote pheochromocytoma cell growth and tumor associated angiogenesis.
miR-182 prevented ototoxic deafness induced by co-administration of kanamycin and furosemide in rats.
Structural attributes and substrate specificity of pyridoxal kinase from Leishmania donovani.
NRF2 Activates Growth Factor Genes and Downstream AKT Signaling to Induce Mouse and Human Hepatomegaly.
SPRY4 controls adipocyte and osteoblast.
EW-7197, a Transforming Growth Factor-Beta Type I Receptor Kinase Inhibitor, Ameliorates Acquired Lymphedema in a Mouse Tail Model.
Microalgal Target of Rapamycin (TOR): A Central Regulatory Hub for Growth, Stress Response and Biomass Production.
RSV Infection Promotes Necroptosis and HMGB1 Release by Airway Epithelial Cells.
Incidence and risk of proteinuria associated with newly approved vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors in cancer patients: an up-to-date meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Global Phosphoproteomic Analysis Reveals Significant Metabolic Reprogramming in the Termination of Liver Regeneration in Mice.
The expanding phenotype of hypokalemic periodic paralysis in a Japanese family with p.Val876Glu mutation in CACNA1S.
All-trans retinoic acid regulates TGF-beta1-induced extracellular matrix production via p38, JNK, and NF-kappaB-signaling pathways in nasal polyp-derived fibroblasts.
Caffeine and its main targets of colorectal cancer.
Hydrogen Gas Attenuates Hypoxic-Ischemic Brain Injury via Regulation of the MAPK/HO-1/PGC-1a Pathway in Neonatal Rats.
IKKepsilon phosphorylates kindlin-2 to induce invadopodia formation and promote colorectal cancer metastasis.
Anti-CDCP1 immuno-conjugates for detection and inhibition of ovarian cancer.
Stapled peptide targeting the CDK4/Cyclin D interface combined with Abemaciclib inhibits KRAS mutant lung cancer growth.
Bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells promote healing of rabbit tibial fractures via JAK-STAT signaling pathway.
Atorvastatin inhibits endoplasmic reticulum stress through AMPK signaling pathway in atherosclerosis in mice.
CTRP3 induces an intermediate switch of CD14++CD16+ monocyte subset with anti-inflammatory phenotype.
Effects of miR-21 on proliferation and apoptosis of WT cells via PTEN/Akt pathway.
Atorvastatin promotes AMPK signaling to protect against high fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver in golden hamsters.
miR-130a alleviates neuronal apoptosis and changes in expression of Bcl-2/Bax and caspase-3 in cerebral infarction rats through PTEN/PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Fluvastatin protects myocardial cells in mice with acute myocardial infarction through inhibiting RhoA/ROCK pathway.
Hyperhomocysteinemia inhibits tibial fracture healing in rats through PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
ERK/MAPK signalling pathway and tumorigenesis.
LncRNA LINK-A regulates ROCK1 expression in early-stage pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Abscopal effect following nivolumab induction in a patient with metastatic renal cell carcinoma-unique pathological features of the primary specimen: A case report.
Resveratrol inhibits LPS-induced inflammation through suppressing the signaling cascades of TLR4-NF-kappaB/MAPKs/IRF3.
MicroRNA-103a-3p potentiates chemoresistance to cisplatin in non-small cell lung carcinoma by targeting neurofibromatosis 1.
Possible role of EphA4 and VEGFR2 interactions in neural stem and progenitor cell differentiation.
Integrative module analysis of HCC gene expression landscapes.
Inhibition of Rho-associated protein kinase improves the survival of human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes after dissociation.
Improving Small Intestinal Motility in Experimental Acute Necrotising Pancreatitis by Modulating the CPI-17/MLCP Pathway Using Chaiqin Chengqi Decoction.
Clinical and Survival Impact of Sex-Determining Region Y-Box 2 in Colorectal Cancer: An Integrated Analysis of the Immunohistochemical Study and Bioinformatics Analysis.
Good Profile of Efficacy/Tolerance of Bortezomib or Idelalisib in Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia Associated with Acquired Von Willebrand Syndrome.
Heat Shock Cognate Protein 70 Enhanced Integrin beta1 Mediated Invasion in Cancer Cells.
The Prognostic Value of Body Fat Components in Metastasis Renal Cell Carcinoma Patients Treated with TKIs.
Long Noncoding RNA X-Inactive Specific Transcript Facilitates Cellular Functions in Melanoma via miR-139-5p/ROCK1 Pathway.
Focus on Notoginsenoside R1 in Metabolism and Prevention Against Human Diseases.
MiR-19a-3p regulates the Forkhead box F2-mediated Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway and affects the biological functions of colorectal cancer cells.
Tea polyphenols and their chemopreventive and therapeutic effects on colorectal cancer.
Identification of microRNAs in developing wheat grain that are potentially involved in regulating grain characteristics and the response to nitrogen levels.
Procyanidin C1 Inhibits Melanoma Cell Growth by Activating 67-kDa Laminin Receptor Signaling.
Wip1 regulates Smad4 phosphorylation and inhibits TGF-beta signaling.
Regulation of Adipocyte and Macrophage Functions by mTORC1 and 2 in Metabolic Diseases.
Satellite cell-specific ablation of Cdon impairs integrin activation, FGF signalling, and muscle regeneration.
A Japanese lung cancer registry study on demographics and treatment modalities in medically treated patients.
SPH3643: A novel CDK4/6 inhibitor with good anti-cancer efficacy and strong blood-brain barrier permeability.
Protein Phosphorylation Dynamics: Unexplored Because of Current Methodological Limitations: Dynamics of Processive Phosphorylation.
Mutation topography and risk stratification for de novo acute myeloid leukaemia with normal cytogenetics and no nucleophosmin 1 (NPM1) mutation or Fms-like tyrosine kinase 3 internal tandem duplication (FLT3-ITD).
rAAV9-Mediated MEK1 Gene Expression Restores Post-conditioning Protection Against Ischemia Injury in Hypertrophic Myocardium.
DNA-PKcs has KU-dependent function in rRNA processing and haematopoiesis.
Novel pathways of HIV latency reactivation revealed by integrated analysis of transcriptome and target profile of bryostatin.
In Vitro CRISPR/Cas9-Directed Gene Editing to Model LRRK2 G2019S Parkinson \' s Disease in Common Marmosets.
Structure of the G protein chaperone and guanine nucleotide exchange factor Ric-8A bound to Galphai1.
Correction: Role of integrin-linked kinase in regulating the protein stability of the MUC1-C oncoprotein in pancreatic cancer cells.
Chemical genetics of AGC-kinases reveals shared targets of Ypk1, Protein Kinase A and Sch9.
Phosphotyrosine-based phosphoproteomics for target identification and drug response prediction in AML cell lines.
Heat shock protein 47 maintains cancer cell growth by inhibiting the unfolded protein response transducer IRE1alpha.
DnaJ-PKAc fusion induces liver inflammation in a zebrafish model of Fibrolamellar Carcinoma.
Identification, recombinant expression and immunological study of Lja-SHP2 in Lampetra japonica.
Increased macrophage activation mediated by caspase recruitment domain 6 knockdown through negatively targeting AMPK.
In silico Search of Triple Mutant T790M/C797S Allosteric Inhibitors to Conquer Acquired Resistance Problem in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): A Combined Approach of Structure-Based Virtual Screening and Molecular Dynamics Simulation.
Primary cilium-dependent autophagy drafts PIK3C2A to generate PtdIns3P in response to shear stress.
Inhibitory Effect of Polyclonal Antibodies Against HER3 Extracellular Subdomains on Breast Cancer Cell Lines.
Design, One Pot Synthesis and Molecular Docking Studies of Substituted-1H-Pyrido[2,1-b] Quinazolines as Apoptosis-Inducing Anticancer Agents.
Activation of MAPK and Cyclin D1/CDK4 in Malignant Transformation of Human Embryonic Lung Fibroblasts Induced by Silica and Benzopyrene.
Non-Phosphorylatable PEA-15 Sensitises SKOV-3 Ovarian Cancer Cells to Cisplatin.
Helicobacter Pylori Targets the EPHA2 Receptor Tyrosine Kinase in Gastric Cells Modulating Key Cellular Functions.
Overcoming Resistance to FLT3 Inhibitors in the Treatment of FLT3-Mutated AML.
An Engineered Gene Nanovehicle Developed for Smart Gene Therapy to Selectively Inhibit Smooth Muscle Cells: An In Vitro Study.
Strategy of Hepatic Metabolic Defects Induced by beclin1 Heterozygosity in Adult Zebrafish.
Endothelial Nitric Oxide Mediates the Anti-Atherosclerotic Action of Torenia concolor Lindley var. Formosama Yamazaki.
The Role of PGC-1alpha and Mitochondrial Biogenesis in Kidney Diseases.
Augmenting Vacuolar H+-ATPase Function Prevents Cardiomyocytes from Lipid-Overload Induced Dysfunction.
Rumen-Protected Glucose Stimulates the Insulin-Like Growth Factor System and mTOR/AKT Pathway in the Endometrium of Early Postpartum Dairy Cows.
[Research Progress of CDK4/6 Inhibitors in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer].
Characteristics of Renal Cell Carcinoma Harboring TPM3-ALK Fusion.
Synaptic Dynamics of the Feed-forward Inhibitory Circuitry Gating Mechanical Allodynia in Mice.
Epidermal growth factor receptor mutations in non-small cell lung cancer undetected by high-sensitivity allele-specific real-time PCR-based assays.
Combinatorial Roles of Mitochondria and cGMP/PKG Pathway in the Generation of Neuronal Free Zn2+ under the Presence of Nitric Oxide.
Impact of Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors with or without a Combination of Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors on Organ-Specific Efficacy and Macrovascular Invasion in Advanced Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
High-Phosphate Diet Improved the Skeletal Development of Fam20c-Deficient Mice.
Combined Small and Squamous Transformation in EGFR-mutated Lung Adenocarcinoma: A Case Report.
Discovery and identification of antithrombotic chemical markers in gardenia fructus by herbal metabolomics and zebrafish model.
Auto-ubiquitination of NEDD4-1 Recruits USP13 to Facilitate Autophagy through Deubiquitinating VPS34.
Macropinocytosis Renders a Subset of Pancreatic Tumor Cells Resistant to mTOR Inhibition.
Class IIa Histone Deacetylases Drive Toll-like Receptor-Inducible Glycolysis and Macrophage Inflammatory Responses via Pyruvate Kinase M2.
Encorafenib, Binimetinib, and Cetuximab in BRAF V600E-Mutated Colorectal Cancer. Reply.
Encorafenib, Binimetinib, and Cetuximab in BRAF V600E-Mutated Colorectal Cancer.
Encorafenib, Binimetinib, and Cetuximab in BRAF V600E-Mutated Colorectal Cancer.
Encorafenib, Binimetinib, and Cetuximab in BRAF V600E-Mutated Colorectal Cancer.
Neuropeptide Y Acts Directly on Cartilage Homeostasis and Exacerbates Progression of Osteoarthritis through NPY2R.
Inactivation of thymidine kinase as a cause of resistance to zidovudine in clinical isolates of Escherichia coli: a phenotypic and genomic study.
miR-101, miR-548b, miR-554, and miR-1202 are reliable prognosis predictors of the miRNAs associated with cancer immunity in primary central nervous system lymphoma.
Aurora B and Condensin are dispensable for chromosome arm and telomere separation during meiosis II.
DYRK kinase Pom1 drives F-BAR protein Cdc15 from the membrane to promote medial division.
Booster, a Red-Shifted Genetically Encoded Forster Resonance Energy Transfer (FRET) Biosensor Compatible with Cyan Fluorescent Protein/Yellow Fluorescent Protein-Based FRET Biosensors and Blue Light-Responsive Optogenetic Tools.
Emerging roles of the alphaC-beta4 loop in protein kinase structure, function, evolution, and disease.
Alteration of calcium signalling in cardiomyocyte induced by simulated microgravity and hypergravity.
Scalable Hybrid Synthetic/Biocatalytic Route to Psilocybin.
Quantitative imaging reveals distinct contributions of SnRK2 and ABI3 in plasmodesmatal permeability in Physcomitrella patens.
Complex evolution of insect insulin receptors and homologous decoy receptors, and functional significance of their multiplicity.
Postbiotics for NOD2 require non-hematopoietic RIPK2 to improve blood glucose and metabolic inflammation in mice.
cPLA2alpha reversibly regulates different subsets of cancer stem cells transformation in cervical cancer.
Meiotic block with roscovitine improves competence of porcine oocytes by fine-tuning activities of different cyclin-dependent kinases.
Chronic Hepatitis C Virus Infection Impairs Insulin Secretion by Regulation of p38delta MAPK-dependent Exocytosis in Pancreatic Beta cells.
An overview of binimetinib for the treatment of melanoma.
Photoperiodic effect on the testicular transcriptome in broiler roosters.
Avapritinib: First Approval.
Aloin Protects Against Blood-Brain Barrier Damage After Traumatic Brain Injury in Mice.
The Evolving Complexity of Treating Hormone Receptor-Positive, Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor-2 (HER2)-Negative Breast Cancer: Special Considerations in Older Breast Cancer Patients-Part I: Early-Stage Disease.
MEDEA-interacting protein LONG-CHAIN BASE KINASE 1 promotes pattern-triggered immunity in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Retrospective review of the activity and safety of apatinib and anlotinib in patients with advanced osteosarcoma and soft tissue sarcoma.
[Function and molecular mechanism of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) in regulating oocyte meiotic maturation and ovulation].
Gene Silencing of Transferrin-1 Receptor as a Potential Therapeutic Target for Human Follicular and Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer.
Prevalence and prognostic role of PIK3CA E545K mutation in Iranian colorectal cancer patients.
Immune Responses Induced by pVAX/TgERK7 against Toxoplasma gondii Infection in BALB/c Mice.
Inhibition of microRNA-15 protects H9c2 cells against CVB3-induced myocardial injury by targeting NLRX1 to regulate the NLRP3 inflammasome.
Strategies for Increasing the Effectiveness of Aromatase Inhibitors in Locally Advanced Breast Cancer: An Evidence-Based Review on Current Options.
Foretinib Inhibits Cancer Stemness and Gastric Cancer Cell Proliferation by Decreasing CD44 and c-MET Signaling.
New Isatin-Indole Conjugates: Synthesis, Characterization, and a Plausible Mechanism of Their in vitro Antiproliferative Activity.
Hyperactive PI3Kdelta predisposes naive T cells to activation via aerobic glycolysis programs.
Inhibition of Grb14, a negative modulator of insulin signaling, improves glucose homeostasis without causing cardiac dysfunction.
Increased mitochondrial and lipid metabolism is a conserved effect of Insulin/PI3K pathway downregulation in adipose tissue.
Distinct surfaces on Cdc5/PLK Polo-box domain orchestrate combinatorial substrate recognition during cell division.
Combined cardio-protective ability of syringic acid and resveratrol against isoproterenol induced cardio-toxicity in rats via attenuating NF-kB and TNF-alpha pathways.
AMPK-dependent activation of the Cyclin Y/CDK16 complex controls autophagy.
MicroRNA-20b-5p regulates propofol-preconditioning-induced inhibition of autophagy in hypoxia-and-reoxygenation-stimulated endothelial cells.
ROCK/PKA inhibition rescues hippocampal hyperexcitability and GABAergic neuron alterations in Oligophrenin-1 Knock-out mouse model of X-linked intellectual disability.
Rituximab in AChR subtype of myasthenia gravis: systematic review.
Evaluation of hepatitis B virus in clinical trials of baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis.
Inactivation of NF1 promotes resistance to EGFR inhibition in KRAS/NRAS/BRAFV600-wildtype colorectal cancer.
Serine-Arginine Protein Kinase 1 Regulates Ebola Virus Transcription.
The transcription factor spalt and human homologue SALL4 induce cell invasion via the dMyc-JNK pathway in Drosophila.
Discovery of berberine that targetedly induce autophagic degradation of both BCR-ABL and BCR-ABL T315I through recruiting LRSAM1 for overcoming imatinib-resistance.
miR-384-5p ameliorates neuropathic pain by targeting SCN3A in a rat model of chronic constriction injury.
Fibroblast growth factor receptor-like-1: a new therapeutic target and unfavorable prognostic indicator for rectal adenocarcinoma.
Phosphoproteomic Analysis of Neonatal Regenerative Myocardium Revealed Important Roles of CHK1 via Activating mTORC1/P70S6K Pathway.
N-acetylcysteine decreases airway inflammation and responsiveness in asthma by modulating claudin 18 expression.
Kinome Profiling to Predict Sensitivity to MAPK Inhibition in Melanoma and to Provide New Insights into Intrinsic and Acquired Mechanism of Resistance Short Title: Sensitivity Prediction to MAPK Inhibitors in Melanoma.
Maternal Consumption of a Low-Isoflavone Soy Protein Isolate Diet Accelerates Chemically Induced Hepatic Carcinogenesis in Male Rat Offspring.
Arteriogenesis of the Spinal Cord-The Network Challenge.
Antigen-Based Nano-Immunotherapy Controls Parasite Persistence, Inflammatory and Oxidative Stress, and Cardiac Fibrosis, the Hallmarks of Chronic Chagas Cardiomyopathy, in A Mouse Model of Trypanosoma cruzi Infection.
11-Keto-beta-Boswellic Acid Attenuates Glutamate Release and Kainic Acid-Induced Excitotoxicity in the Rat Hippocampus.
Update of Genetic and Molecular Causes of Adrenocortical Hyperplasias Causing Cushing Syndrome.
Design, synthesis, and pharmacological evaluation of 4- or 6-phenyl-pyrimidine derivatives as novel and selective Janus kinase 3 inhibitors.
Selenium/Zinc-Enriched probiotics improve serum enzyme activity, antioxidant ability, inflammatory factors and related gene expression of Wistar rats inflated under heat stress.
Microglia and mast cells generate proinflammatory cytokines in the brain and worsen inflammatory state: Suppressor effect of IL-37.
Conformational States Control Lck Switching between Free and Confined Diffusion Modes in T Cells.
HucMSC-Derived Exosomes Mitigate the Age-Related Retardation of Fertility in Female Mice.
Wnt5b integrates Fak1a to mediate gastrulation cell movements via Rac1 and Cdc42.
Primary Breast Carcinoma of the Vulva Metastatic to Lymph Nodes and Bones: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Circular RNA TUBD1 Acts as the miR-146a-5p Sponge to Affect the Viability and Pro-Inflammatory Cytokine Production of LX-2 Cells through the TLR4 Pathway.
HIV-1 Nef counteracts autophagy restriction by enhancing the association between BECN1 and its inhibitor BCL2 in a PRKN-dependent manner.
Indoprofen prevents muscle wasting in aged mice through activation of PDK1/AKT pathway.
Cistanche deserticola polysaccharide induces melanogenesis in melanocytes and reduces oxidative stress via activating NRF2/HO-1 pathway.
Effects of collagen peptides from skate (Raja kenojei) skin on improvements of the insulin signaling pathway via attenuation of oxidative stress and inflammation.
Sonographic appearance of rhabdomyolysis - a systematic review of the literature.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor-independent lung endothelial cell barrier disruption induced by FTY720 regioisomers.
PKM2 suppresses osteogenesis and facilitates adipogenesis by regulating beta-catenin signaling and mitochondrial fusion and fission.
Targeting Post-Translational Remodeling of Ryanodine Receptor: a New Track for Alzheimer \' s Disease Therapy?
Repigmentation in vitiligo using Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors with phototherapy: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pterostilbene inhibits FcepsilonRI signaling through activation of LKB1/AMPK pathway in allergic response.
In vitro biocompatibility of biohybrid polymers membrane evaluated in human gingival fibroblasts.
Agonist-selective recruitment of engineered protein probes and of GRK2 by opioid receptors in living cells.
Recognizing limits of Z-nucleic acid binding protein (ZBP1/DAI/DLM1) function.
Melatonin reduces OGD/R-induced neuron injury by regulating redox/inflammation/apoptosis signaling.
Bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells repair brachial plexus injury in rabbits through ERK pathway.
The antifibrotic effect and mechanism of a novel tyrosine kinase inhibitor, ZSP1603, in preclinical models of pulmonary fibrosis.
In vitro effect of some nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors against HSV-1 replication.
Influence of miR-155 on behaviors of depression mice through regulating Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway.
Effect of TGF-beta1 on myocardial cell apoptosis in rats with acute myocardial infarction via MAPK signaling pathway.
MiR-19 enhances pancreatic cancer progression by targeting PTEN through PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
LncRNA NEAT1 accelerates the occurrence and development of diabetic nephropathy by sponging miR-23c.
MiR-221 affects the proliferation and apoptosis of laryngeal cancer cells through the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
Experimental Models of Tauopathy - From Mechanisms to Therapies.
Crosstalk between PKC and MAPK pathway activation in cardiac fibroblasts in a rat model of atrial fibrillation.
Recent Advances in the Management of Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia.
[Safety management of the treatment with antimalarial drugs in rheumatology. Interdisciplinary recommendations based on a systematic literature search].
Attenuated Salmonella engineered with an apoptosis-inducing factor (AIF) eukaryotic expressing system enhances its anti-tumor effect in melanoma in vitro and in vivo.
Dorsal Hippocampus ERK2 Signaling Mediates Anxiolytic-Related Behavior in Male Rats.
Nicotinamide-Ponatinib Analogues as Potent Anti-CML and Anti-AML Compounds.
Not So Dry After All: DRY Mutants of the AT1A Receptor and H1 Receptor Can Induce G-Protein-Dependent Signaling.
Classification of clear cell renal cell carcinoma based on PKM alternative splicing.
The importance of being parasiticidal... an update on drug development for the treatment of alveolar echinococcosis.
Recurrent Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage in Children with Philadelphia-Positive B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Treated with Dasatinib: Case Reports.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor-independent lung endothelial cell barrier disruption induced by FTY720 regioisomers.
Colon Cancer: A Clinician \' s Perspective in 2019.
The potential value of blood monitoring of biologic drugs used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
Anti-platelet role of Korean ginseng and ginsenosides in cardiovascular diseases.
A New Validated HPLC-MS/MS Method for Quantification and Pharmacokinetic Evaluation of Dovitinib, a Multi-Kinase Inhibitor, in Mouse Plasma.
An in vitro and in silico evaluation of the antibacterial activity of the bioactive compounds in Majapahit (Crescentia cujete L.) fruit.
A drug discovery platform to identify compounds that inhibit EGFR triple mutants.
Innate T-alphabeta lymphocytes as new immunological components of anti-tumoral "off-target" effects of the tyrosine kinase inhibitor dasatinib.
Simultaneous kinase inhibition with ibrutinib and BCL2 inhibition with venetoclax offers a therapeutic strategy for acute myeloid leukemia.
Discovery of suppressors of CRMP2 phosphorylation reveals compounds that mimic the behavioral effects of lithium on amphetamine-induced hyperlocomotion.
FGF trapping inhibits multiple myeloma growth through c-Myc degradation-induced mitochondrial oxidative stress.
Meeting report - first discoidin domain receptors meeting.
Structural asymmetry does not indicate hemi-phosphorylation in the bacterial histidine kinase CpxA.
Tristetraprolin regulates necroptosis during tonic Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) signaling in murine macrophages.
Activation of the Intracellular Pattern-Recognition Receptor NOD2 Promotes Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) Cell Apoptosis and Provides a Survival Advantage in an Animal Model of AML.
Novel defatting strategies reduce lipid accumulation in primary human culture models of liver steatosis.
Melanoregulin-Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase (ALK), a Novel ALK Rearrangement That Responds to Crizotinib in Lung Adenocarcinoma.
Liver Kinase B1 (LKB1) Loss Has its p-ERKs: ERK Inactivation as a Vulnerability in NSCLC With LKB1 Mutations.
Checkpoint Inhibitor Combined With Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor-the End or Beginning?
Protein kinase A in the neutron beam: Insights for catalysis from directly observing protons.
A novel BCL-2 inhibitor APG-2575 exerts synthetic lethality with BTK or MDM2-P53 inhibitor in Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma.
Genes expression profiling of alveolar macrophages exposed to non-functionalized, anionic and cationic multi-walled carbon nanotubes shows three different mechanisms of toxicity.
A panel of protein kinase high expression is associated with postoperative recurrence in cholangiocarcinoma.
Reduced doses of dabrafenib and trametinib combination therapy for BRAF V600E-mutant non-small cell lung cancer prevent rhabdomyolysis and maintain tumor shrinkage: a case report.
Heterogeneous components of lung adenocarcinomas confer distinct EGFR mutation and PD-L1 expression.
Maternal serum glycosylated fibronectin as a short-term predictor of preeclampsia: a prospective cohort study.
Mutant HTT (huntingtin) impairs mitophagy in a cellular model of Huntington disease.
Identification of Hot Spot Residues on Serine-Arginine Protein Kinase-1 by Molecular Dynamics Simulation Studies.
[Studies and Progress of EGFR exon 20 Insertion Mutation in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer].
[Clinical Value of Droplet Digital PCR and Super-ARMS Detection of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Gene Mutation in Plasma Circulating Tumor DNA of Patients with Advanced Lung Adenocarcinoma].
Discovery of Two Brominated Oxindole Alkaloids as Staphylococcal DNA Gyrase and Pyruvate Kinase Inhibitors via Inverse Virtual Screening.
Hexane Insoluble Fraction from Purple Rice Extract Retards Carcinogenesis and Castration-Resistant Cancer Growth of Prostate Through Suppression of Androgen Receptor Mediated Cell Proliferation and Metabolism.
Antioxidant, Antiproliferative and Apoptosis-Inducing Efficacy of Fractions from Cassia fistula L. Leaves.
BAK1 Mediates Light Intensity to Phosphorylate and Activate Catalases to Regulate Plant Growth and Development.
Metabolomic Analysis of Morus Cultivar Root Extracts and Their Ameliorative Effect on Testosterone-Induced Prostate Enlargement in Sprague-Dawley Rats.
Enhanced Expression of IGFBP-3 Reduces Radiosensitivity and Is Associated with Poor Prognosis in Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
The Expression of ERK1/2 in Female Yak (Bos grunniens) Reproductive Organs.
Overfeeding During Lactation in Rats is Associated with Cardiovascular Insulin Resistance in the Short-Term.
Molecular Signaling Pathways and Therapeutic Targets in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
An Alternative Splice Variant of HIPK2 with Intron Retention Contributes to Cytokinesis.
Large-Scale Virtual Screening Against the MET Kinase Domain Identifies a New Putative Inhibitor Type.
Hydroxygenkwanin Suppresses Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Progression by Enhancing EGFR Degradation.
Synergistic Anti-Tumour Effect of Syk Inhibitor and Olaparib in Squamous Cell Carcinoma: Roles of Syk in EGFR Signalling and PARP1 Activation.
Brain Metastases in Lung Cancers with Emerging Targetable Fusion Drivers.
Dose-Dependent Effects of Long-Term Administration of Hydrogen Sulfide on Myocardial Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury in Male Wistar Rats: Modulation of RKIP, NF-kappaB, and Oxidative Stress.
Molecular Rescue of Dyrk1A Overexpression Alterations in Mice with Fontup  Dietary Supplement: Role of Green Tea Catechins.
Programming Skeletal Muscle Metabolic Flexibility in Offspring of Male Rats in Response to Maternal Consumption of Slow Digesting Carbohydrates during Pregnancy.
Ceramide Kinase Is Upregulated in Metastatic Breast Cancer Cells and Contributes to Migration and Invasion by Activation of PI 3-Kinase and Akt.
Oocyte Maturation in Starfish.
A Synthetic Curcuminoid Analog, (2E,6E)-2,6-bis(2-(trifluoromethyl)benzylidene)cyclohexanone, Ameliorates Impaired Wound Healing in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Mice by Increasing miR-146a.
The Co-Expression of Programmed Death-Ligand 1 (PD-L1) in Untreated EGFR-Mutated Metastatic Lung Adenocarcinoma.
Irigenin treatment alleviates doxorubicin (DOX)-induced cardiotoxicity by suppressing apoptosis, inflammation and oxidative stress via the increase of miR-425.
Structure and functional analysis reveal an important regulated role of arginine kinase in Patinopecten yessoensis under low pH stress.
Development of small molecule inhibitors targeting TGF-beta ligand and receptor: Structures, mechanism, preclinical studies and clinical usage.
Fam83d modulates MAP kinase and AKT signaling and is induced during neurogenic skeletal muscle atrophy.
Efficacy of Upadacitinib in a Randomized Trial of Patients With Active Ulcerative Colitis.
Multifunctional memantine nitrate significantly protects against glutamate-induced excitotoxicity via inhibiting calcium influx and attenuating PI3K/Akt/GSK3beta pathway.
AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) regulates astrocyte oxidative metabolism by balancing TCA cycle dynamics.
High-risk LCH in infants is serially transplantable in a xenograft model but responds durably to targeted therapy.
Combination of dasatinib with chemotherapy in previously untreated core binding factor acute myeloid leukemia: CALGB 10801.
Monocyte Chemotactic Protein-1 Regulates Proliferation and Contractility of Human Bladder Smooth Muscle Cells Under Hydrostatic Pressure.
Factors regulating axon regeneration via JNK MAP kinase in C. elegans.
Custom-Fitted Compression Garments Enhance Recovery From Muscle Damage in Rugby Players.
Control of cell death/survival balance by the MET dependence receptor.
Akt Pathway Inhibitors.
Plant extracts and their secondary metabolites as modulators of kinases.
Structural basis of inhibitor selectivity in the BRD7/9 subfamily of bromodomains.
Dopamine D1 receptor signaling and endocannabinoid cooperate to fuel striatal plasticity: An Editorial Highlight for "Cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase and D1 dopamine receptors regulate diacylglycerol lipase-alpha and synaptic 2-arachidonoyl glycerol signaling" on doi: 10.1111/jnc.14972.
Unraveling the role of H3K4 trimethylation and lncRNA HOTAIR in SATB1 and DUSP4-dependent survival of virulent Mycobacterium tuberculosis in macrophages.
Decreased running economy is not associated with decreased force production capacity following downhill running in untrained, young men.
ROCK1 Inhibitor Stabilizes E-cadherin and Improves Barrier Function in Experimental Necrotizing Enterocolitis.
MiR-21-5p promotes cell proliferation and G1/S transition in melanoma by targeting CDKN2C.
Arctigenin prevents the progression of osteoarthritis by targeting PI3K/Akt/NF-kappaB axis: In vitro and in vivo studies.
Neuroprotective and vision-protective effect of preserving ATP levels by AMPK activator.
The SiaA/B/C/D signaling network regulates biofilm formation in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Exendin-4 Improves Diabetic Kidney Disease in C57BL/6 Mice Independent of Brown Adipose Tissue Activation.
The Fire from Within: Multiorgan Failure with Bimodal Rhabdomyolysis from Exertional Heat Stroke.
A Case Report with Severe Thrombocytopenia Induced by Axitinib.
Influence of Endogenous Cardiac Glycosides, Digoxin, and Marinobufagenin in the Physiology of Epithelial Cells.
Cordyceps cicadae Mycelia Ameliorate Cisplatin-Induced Acute Kidney Injury by Suppressing the TLR4/NF-kappaB/MAPK and Activating the HO-1/Nrf2 and Sirt-1/AMPK Pathways in Mice.
MST4 Kinase Inhibitor Hesperadin Attenuates Autophagy and Behavioral Disorder via the MST4/AKT Pathway in Intracerebral Hemorrhage Mice.
Comprehensive characterization of the phosphoproteome of gastric cancer from endoscopic biopsy specimens.
Amaranthus mangostanus Inhibits the Differentiation of Osteoclasts and Prevents Ovariectomy-Induced Bone Loss.
Antifibrotic Effect of Combination of Nilotinib and Stem Cell-Conditioned Media on CCl4-Induced Liver Fibrosis.
EGFRvIII: An Oncogene with Ambiguous Role.
Role of Astrocytic Dysfunction in the Pathogenesis of Parkinson \' s Disease Animal Models from a Molecular Signaling Perspective.
Aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 protects cardiomyocytes against lipotoxicity via the AKT/glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta pathways.
Crystal Clots as Therapeutic Target in Cholesterol Crystal Embolism.
CD82-TRPM7-Numb signaling mediates age-related cognitive impairment.
Rapamycin induces morphological and physiological changes without increase in lipid content in Ustilago maydis.
Eckol from Ecklonia cava ameliorates TNF-alpha/IFN-gamma-induced inflammatory responses via regulating MAPKs and NF-kappaB signaling pathway in HaCaT cells.
Thyroid papillary carcinoma with an insular component metastasizing to the sella turcica and sphenoid sinus: Case report.
The bitterness of genitourinary infections: Properties, ligands of genitourinary bitter taste receptors and mechanisms linking taste sensing to inflammatory processes in the genitourinary tract.
Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of 4,5-dihydro-[1,2,4]triazolo[4,3-f]pteridine derivatives as novel dual-PLK1/BRD4 inhibitors.
Pi4KIIalpha Regulates Unconditioned Stimulus-Retrieval-Induced Fear Memory Reconsolidation through Endosomal Trafficking of AMPA Receptors.
Outer membrane vesicles of Porphyromonas gingivalis attenuate insulin sensitivity by delivering gingipains to the liver.
Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor-induced Colitis as A Rare Cause of Bloody Diarrhea.
Eukaryotic elongation factor 2 kinase (eEF2K) a pharmacological target to regulate protein translation dysfunction in neurological diseases.
Lysosomotropic drugs enhance pro-inflammatory responses to IL-1beta in macrophages by inhibiting internalization of the IL-1 receptor.
The Chinese herbal prescription JZ-1 induces autophagy to protect against herpes simplex Virus-2 in human vaginal epithelial cells by inhibiting the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway.
Clearing or subverting the enemy: Role of autophagy in protozoan infections.
Specific Conformational Dynamics and Expansion Underpin a Multi-Step Mechanism for Specific Binding of p27 with Cdk2/Cyclin A.
Caulerpa okamurae extract attenuates inflammatory interaction, regulates glucose metabolism and increases insulin sensitivity in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and RAW 264.7 macrophages.
Lipin1 mediates cognitive impairment in fld mice via PKD-ERK pathway.
Probing the effect of matrix stiffness in endocytic signalling pathway of corneal epithelium.
Reduced sialylation triggers homeostatic synapse and neuronal loss in middle-aged mice.
Decreased abundance of GDNF mRNA transcript in the immature Sertoli cells of cattle in response to protein kinase inhibitor staurosporine.
Development of an integrated assay in human TK6 cells to permit comprehensive genotoxicity analysis in vitro.
AMPK Complex Activation Promotes Sarcolemmal Repair in Dysferlinopathy.
Exploration of metformin as novel therapy for osteoarthritis: preventing cartilage degeneration and reducing pain behavior.
Interferon-gamma acutely augments inhibition of neocortical layer 5 pyramidal neurons.
OATP1A/1B, CYP3A, ABCB1, and ABCG2 limit oral availability of NTRK inhibitor larotrectinib, while ABCB1 and ABCG2 also restrict its brain accumulation.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi enhanced drought resistance in apple by regulating genes in the MAPK pathway.
Uses of cyclohexane-1,3-dione for the synthesis of 1,2,4-triazine derivatives as anti-proliferative agents and tyrosine kinases inhibitors.
Hepatic stellate cell activation promotes alcohol-induced steatohepatitis through Igfbp3 and SerpinA12.
The multi-kinase inhibitor lenvatinib interacts with the HDAC inhibitor entinostat to kill liver cancer cells.
JNK signaling activation in the Ube3a maternal deficient mouse model: Its specific inhibition prevents post-synaptic protein-enriched fraction alterations and cognitive deficits in Angelman Syndrome model.
Recovery of muscle mass and muscle oxidative phenotype following disuse does not require GSK-3 inactivation.
Low-dose lithium feeding increases the SERCA2a to phospholamban ratio improving SERCA function in murine left ventricles.
Landscape of Combination Therapy Trials in Breast Cancer Brain Metastasis.
Combination therapy with the CDK7 inhibitor and the tyrosine kinase inhibitor exerts synergistic anticancer effects against MYCN-amplified neuroblastoma.
Effect of Parkin on methamphetamine-induced alpha-synuclein degradation dysfunction in vitro and in vivo.
Colonic dysmotility associated with high-fat diet-induced obesity: Role of enteric glia.
Chronic Myeloid Leukemia in Children: Challenges and Opportunities : Based on 7th Dr. I. C. Verma Excellence Award for Young Pediatricians Delivered as Oration on 29th Sept. 2019.
Neuroprotective effects of miR-532-5p against ischemic stroke.
Inhibition of JAK2 Suppresses Myelopoiesis and Atherosclerosis in Apoe-/- Mice.
AMP-Activated Protein Kinase Restricts Zika Virus Replication in Endothelial Cells by Potentiating Innate Antiviral Responses and Inhibiting Glycolysis.
Conformation-specific inhibitors of activated Ras GTPases reveal limited Ras dependency of patient-derived cancer organoids.
Cardiac myosin regulatory light chain kinase modulates cardiac contractility by phosphorylating both myosin regulatory light chain and troponin I.
Norrin restores blood-retinal barrier properties after vascular endothelial growth factor-induced permeability.
Metabolic Reprogramming in Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease: Evidence and Therapeutic Potential.
Development of 2-(4-pyridyl)-benzimidazoles as PKN2 chemical tools to probe cancer.
Synthesis, biological evaluation and molecular modeling study of [1,2,4]-Triazolo[4,3-c]quinazolines: New class of EGFR-TK inhibitors.
Inherited motor-sensory neuropathy with upper limb predominance associated with the tropomyosin-receptor kinase fused gene.
Ubiquitination of Src promotes its secretion via small extracellular vesicles.
Phosphorylation and dephosphorylation of Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase beta at Thr144 in HeLa cells.
Sphingolipids as mediators of inflammation and novel therapeutic target in inflammatory bowel disease.
FGFR- gene family alterations in low-grade neuroepithelial tumors.
Repurposing the serotonin agonist Tegaserod as an anticancer agent in melanoma: molecular mechanisms and clinical implications.
Jakyakgamcho-tang in the relief of delayed-onset muscle soreness in healthy adults: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover design clinical trial.
Heterosis analysis and underlying molecular regulatory mechanism in a wide-compatible neo-tetraploid rice line with long panicles.
Glyphosate-based herbicide impairs energy metabolism and increases autophagy in C6 astroglioma cell line.
The Cell Cycle Checkpoint System MAST(L)-ENSA/ARPP19-PP2A is Targeted by cAMP/PKA and cGMP/PKG in Anucleate Human Platelets.
Targeting the NPL4 Adaptor of p97/VCP Segregase by Disulfiram as an Emerging Cancer Vulnerability Evokes Replication Stress and DNA Damage while Silencing the ATR Pathway.
Metabolic and Biomolecular Changes Induced by Incremental Long-Term Training in Young Thoroughbred Racehorses during First Workout Season.
Moscatilin Induces Apoptosis in Human Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Cells via JNK Signaling Pathway.
Role of Angiopoietins in Development of Cancer and Neoplasia Associated with Viral Infection.
How Different Substitution Positions of F, Cl Atoms in Benzene Ring of 5-Methylpyrimidine Pyridine Derivatives Affect the Inhibition Ability of EGFRL858R/T790M/C797S Inhibitors: A Molecular Dynamics Simulation Study.
CB1 Receptor-Dependent and Independent Induction of Lipolysis in Primary Rat Adipocytes by the Inverse Agonist Rimonabant (SR141716A).
Outcomes of gastrointestinal tumours in the tyrosine kinase inhibitor era: 15 years of experience from a single tertiary care centre in India.
Landscape of FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3) and associated molecular alterations in 44,766 gastrointestinal (GI) cancers.
Apelin decreased placental hormoine secretion by human trophoblast BeWo cells via apelin receptor, protein kinase A and extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1/2 activation.
Regulation of KLF4 by posttranslational modification circuitry in endocrine resistance.
Inonotus obliquus polysaccharide ameliorates impaired reproductive function caused by Toxoplasma gondii infection in male mice via regulating Nrf2-PI3K/AKT pathway.
A Conserved PDZ-Binding Motif in aPKC Interacts with Par-3 and Mediates Cortical Polarity.
Overexpression of Nuclear Receptor 5A1 Induces and Maintains an Intermediate State of Conversion between Primed and Naive Pluripotency.
Structural and kinetic characterisation of Trypanosoma congolense pyruvate kinase.
Inappropriate use of laboratory tests: How availability triggers demand - examples across Europe.
Ketamine a dissociative anesthetic: Neurobiology and biomolecular exploration in depression.
Stem cell development involves divergent thyroid hormone receptor subtype expression and epigenetic modifications in the Xenopus metamorphosing intestine.
Fibrocytes, Wound Healing, and Corneal Fibrosis.
Comparison of BCR-ABL1 quantification in peripheral blood and bone marrow using an International Scale-standardized assay for assessment of deep molecular response in chronic myeloid leukemia.
State-of-the-Art Strategies for Targeting RET-Dependent Cancers.
Genomic Landscape of Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia and Its Impact on Treatment Strategies.
Discovery of LOU064 (Remibrutinib), a Potent and Highly Selective Covalent Inhibitor of Bruton \' s Tyrosine Kinase.
Histoplasma capsulatum-induced extracellular DNA trap release in human neutrophils.
Thermodynamic contribution of iodine atom to the binding of heterogeneously polyhalogenated benzotriazoles by the catalytic subunit of human protein kinase CK2.
Inflammation-induced LINC00665 increases the malignancy through activating PKR/NF-kappaB pathway in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Systematic Use of Fluorescence in situ Hybridization (FISH) and Clinicopathological Features in the Screening of PDGFRB Rearrangements of Patients with Myeloid/Lymphoid Neoplasms.
Systemin-mediated long-distance systemic defense responses.
Molecular structure and function of Janus kinases: implications for the development of inhibitors.
Oxytocin Alleviates MPTP-Induced Neurotoxicity in Mice by Targeting MicroRNA-26a/Death-Associated Protein Kinase 1 Pathway.
The role of vesicular overexpressed in cancer pro-survival protein 1 in hepatocellular carcinoma proliferation.
p90RSK Inhibition Ameliorates TGF-beta1 Signaling and Pulmonary Fibrosis by Inhibiting Smad3 Transcriptional Activity.
Absolute Bioavailability of Vemurafenib in Patients With BRAFV600 Mutation-Positive Malignancies.
Characteristics and outcomes of RET-rearranged Korean non-small cell lung cancer patients in real-world practice.
Prolactin Enhances the Proliferation of Proliferative Endometrial Glandular Cells and Endometrial Cancer Cells.
Phosphoregulation of Rad51/Rad52 by CDK1 functions as a molecular switch for cell cycle-specific activation of homologous recombination.
Prior acquired resistance to paclitaxel relays diverse EGFR-targeted therapy persistence mechanisms.
Agrin Influences Botulinum Neurotoxin A-Induced Nerve Sprouting via miR-144-agrin-MuSK Signaling.
BAG2 Promotes Proliferation and Metastasis of Gastric Cancer via ERK1/2 Signaling and Partially Regulated by miR186.
Cdk5 knocking out mediated by CRISPR-Cas9 genome editing for PD-L1 attenuation and enhanced antitumor immunity.
PCC0208017, a novel small-molecule inhibitor of MARK3/MARK4, suppresses glioma progression in vitro and in vivo.
Severe Rhabdomyolysis Associated with Acute Amphetamine Toxicosis in a Dog.
Neurotrophic Receptor Tyrosine Kinase 2 (NTRK2) Alterations in Low-Grade Gliomas: Report of a Novel Gene Fusion Partner in a Pilocytic Astrocytoma and Review of the Literature.
Left ventricular dysfunction in an idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis patient on nintedanib.
Loss of PI3 kinase association improves the sensitivity of secondary mutation of KIT to Imatinib.
Identification of molecular targets for the targeted treatment of gastric cancer using dasatinib.
Farrerol Directly Targets GSK-3beta to Activate Nrf2-ARE Pathway and Protect EA.hy926 Cells against Oxidative Stress-Induced Injuries.
The Effect of Maternal Diet with Fish Oil on Oxidative Stress and Inflammatory Response in Sow and New-Born Piglets.
Bu Shen Zhu Yun Decoction Improves Endometrial Receptivity via VEGFR-2-Mediated Angiogenesis.
Activator Protein-1 Transcriptional Activity Drives Soluble Micrograft-Mediated Cell Migration and Promotes the Matrix Remodeling Machinery.
MiR-199b-5p Suppresses Tumor Angiogenesis Mediated by Vascular Endothelial Cells in Breast Cancer by Targeting ALK1.
Cell Cycle Regulation in the Plant Response to Stress.
Heme-Derived Metabolic Signals Dictate Immune Responses.
Enhanced Expression of CD47 Is Associated With Off-Target Resistance to Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Gefitinib in NSCLC.
HDAC6, A Novel Cargo for Autophagic Clearance of Stress Granules, Mediates the Repression of the Type I Interferon Response During Coxsackievirus A16 Infection.
Toxoplasma gondii ROP16I Deletion: The Exacerbated Impact on Adverse Pregnant Outcomes in Mice.
The Effect of Autophagy on Chronic Intermittent Hypobaric Hypoxia Ameliorating Liver Damage in Metabolic Syndrome Rats.
Protein Kinase D1 (PKD1) Is a New Functional Non-Genomic Target of Bisphenol A in Breast Cancer Cells.
Loss of miR-369 Promotes Tau Phosphorylation by Targeting the Fyn and Serine/Threonine-Protein Kinase 2 Signaling Pathways in Alzheimer \' s Disease Mice.
Treatment With Liraglutide Exerts Neuroprotection After Hypoxic-Ischemic Brain Injury in Neonatal Rats via the PI3K/AKT/GSK3beta Pathway.
Excessive Treadmill Training Enhances Brain-Specific MicroRNA-34a in the Mouse Hippocampus.
Simplified Model of PKCgamma Signaling Dysregulation and Cytosol-to-Membrane Translocation Kinetics During Neurodegenerative Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 14 (SCA14).
Long-term caloric restriction activates the myocardial SIRT1/AMPK/PGC-1alpha pathway in C57BL/6J male mice.
Downregulation of Siah1 promotes colorectal cancer cell proliferation and migration by regulating AKT and YAP ubiquitylation and proteasome degradation.
Hints for Genetic and Clinical Differentiation of Adult-Onset Monogenic Autoinflammatory Diseases.
A Munc18-1 mutant mimicking phosphorylation by Down Syndrome-related kinase Dyrk1a supports normal synaptic transmission and promotes recovery after intense activity.
Low doses of ionizing radiation enhance angiogenesis and consequently accelerate post-embryonic development but not regeneration in zebrafish.
Deguelin suppresses non-small cell lung cancer by inhibiting EGFR signaling and promoting GSK3beta/FBW7-mediated Mcl-1 destabilization.
Advances in the molecular mechanisms of NLRP3 inflammasome activators and inacativators.
Geniposide protects against sepsis-induced myocardial dysfunction through AMPKalpha-dependent pathway.
MicroRNAs as potential predictors of extreme response to tyrosine kinase inhibitors in renal cell cancer.
[EGFR molecular characterization in non-small cell bronchic cancer: comparative prospective study by NGS and Idylla platform technologies].
CLP1 acts as the main RNA kinase in mice.
The casein kinase 2alpha promotes the occurrence polycystic ovary syndrome.
Revisiting the ORCA gene cluster that regulates terpenoid indole alkaloid biosynthesis in Catharanthus roseus.
ANNALS EXPRESS: Verification of Placental Growth Factor and Soluble-fms-like Tyrosine Kinase 1 Assay Performance in Late Pregnancy and their Diagnostic Test Accuracy in Women with Reduced Fetal Movement.
Neuronal substrates alter the migratory responses of non-myelinating Schwann cells to controlled BDNF gradients.
Computational-based discovery of FAK FERM domain chemical probes that inhibit HER2-FAK cancer signaling.
Integrated analyses identify miR-34c-3p/MAGI3 axis for the Warburg metabolism in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Ret Receptor Has Distinct Alterations and Functions in Breast Cancer.
Investigating the role of the innate immune response in relapse or blast crisis in chronic myeloid leukemia.
S-endoglin expression is induced in hyperoxia and contributes to altered pulmonary angiogenesis in bronchopulmonary dysplasia development.
Protective Effect of Statins on Pulmonary Hypertension in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Patients: A Nationwide Retrospective, Matched Cohort Study.
NIPA2 regulates osteoblast function by modulating mitophagy in type 2 diabetes osteoporosis.
Slc20a1/Pit1 and Slc20a2/Pit2 are essential for normal skeletal myofiber function and survival.
A serine/threonine protein kinase encoding gene KERNEL NUMBER PER ROW6 regulates maize grain yield.
Clinicopathological characteristics and prognostic value of POLE mutations in endometrial cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Expressionof langerhans cell and plasmacytoid dendritic cell markers, and toll-like receptor 7/9 signaling pathway proteins in verruca vulgaris lesions.
Significant association of SYNTAX score on release of cardiac biomarkers in uncomplicated post-revascularization procedures among patients with stable multivessel disease: MASS-V Study group.
Rho-Associated Kinase Inhibitor Decreases Human Corneal Endothelial Cell Apoptosis: Ex-Vivo Study of Corneal-Scleral Rims in Optisol-GS Storage Medium.
Ancient origins of allosteric activation in a Ser-Thr kinase.
Constitutive CHK1 expression drives a pSTAT3-CIP2A circuit that promotes glioblastoma cell survival and growth.
Light Activates the Translational Regulatory Kinase GCN2 via Reactive Oxygen Species Emanating from the Chloroplast.
PTPN11 Knockdown Prevents Changes in the Expression of Genes Controlling Cell Cycle, Chemotherapy Resistance, and Oncogene-Induced Senescence in Human Thyroid Cells Overexpressing BRAF V600E Oncogenic Protein.
Transcription Factor KLF2 and Its Role in the Regulation of Inflammatory Processes.
Trehalose limits opportunistic mycobacterial survival during HIV co-infection by reversing HIV-mediated autophagy block.
Macroautophagy is repressed during mitosis - seeing is believing.
Nidulantes of Aspergillus (Formerly Emericella): A Treasure Trove of Chemical Diversity and Biological Activities.
Artocarpus lakoocha Extract Inhibits LPS-Induced Inflammatory Response in RAW 264.7 Macrophage Cells.
Fucoxanthinol from the Diatom Nitzschia Laevis Ameliorates Neuroinflammatory Responses in Lipopolysaccharide-Stimulated BV-2 Microglia.
CDKL5 Deficiency Disorder-A Complex Epileptic Encephalopathy.
Role of Signal Transduction Pathways and Transcription Factors in Cartilage and Joint Diseases.
Recent Advances in the Discovery of CK2 Allosteric Inhibitors: From Traditional Screening to Structure-Based Design.
Liposomal Resveratrol and/or Carvedilol Attenuate Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity by Modulating Inflammation, Oxidative Stress and S100A1 in Rats.
Policosanol profiles and adenosine 5 \' -monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation potential of Korean wheat seedling extracts according to cultivar and growth time.
Binding patterns and structure-activity relationship of CDK8 inhibitors.
Protective effects of phenolic acid extract from ginseng on vascular endothelial cell injury induced by palmitate via activation of PI3K/Akt/eNOS pathway.
Estrogen activates pyruvate kinase M2 and increases the growth of TSC2-deficient cells.
Transforming Growth Factor Beta-Activated Kinase 1-Dependent Microglial and Macrophage Responses Aggravate Long-Term Outcomes After Ischemic Stroke.
High-intensity muscle contraction-mediated increases in Akt1 and Akt2 phosphorylation do not contribute to mTORC1 activation and muscle protein synthesis.
Inhibition of Gap Junction-Mediated Intercellular Communication by Poly(I:C) in Cultured Human Corneal Fibroblasts.
The expression of miR-129-5p and its target genes in the skin of goats.
Pkm2 Regulates Cardiomyocyte Cell Cycle and Promotes Cardiac Regeneration.
Ketamine attenuates high-glucose-mediated endothelial inflammation in human umbilical vein endothelial cells.
Impaired SMAD1/5 Mechanotransduction and Cx37 (Connexin37) Expression Enable Pathological Vessel Enlargement and Shunting.
Anti-invasive effect and pharmacological mechanism of genistein against colorectal cancer.
Mechanisms of Cardiovascular Toxicity of BCR-ABL1 Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors in Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia.
Microautophagy regulates proteasome homeostasis.
In silico discovery of novel phytoconstituents of Amyris pinnata as mitotic spindle kinase inhibitor.
Extracellular ubiquitin levels are increased in coronary heart disease and associated with the severity of the disease.
Sesamin induces endothelial nitric oxide synthase activation via transient receptor potential vanilloid type 1.
Pathologic complete response to preoperative immunotherapy in a lung adenocarcinoma patient with bone metastasis: A case report.
From Cyanobacteria to Archaeplastida: new evolutionary insights into PII signaling in the plant kingdom.
Role of p38-mitogen-activated protein kinase in COPD: pathobiological implications and therapeutic perspectives.
A patent review of discoidin domain receptor 1 (DDR1) modulators (2014-present).
Two Phytophthora parasitica cysteine protease genes, PpCys44 and PpCys45, trigger cell death in various Nicotiana spp. and act as virulence factors.
PP4R1 interacts with HMGA2 to promote non-small-cell lung cancer migration and metastasis via activating MAPK/ERK-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Luteinizing hormone regulates the phosphorylation and localization of the mitochondrial effector dynamin-related protein-1 (DRP1) and steroidogenesis in the bovine corpus luteum.
RELINF: prospective epidemiological registry of lymphoid neoplasms in Spain. A project from the GELTAMO group.
[Why have tyrosine kinase inhibitors failed in the adjuvant situation and do checkpoint inhibitors make more sense?]
How I Manage CLL with Venetoclax-Based Treatments.
Resveratrol \' s Impact on Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells Hyporeactivity: The Role of Rho-Kinase Inhibition.
Characterization of a Plastoglobule-Localized SOUL4 Heme-Binding Protein in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Hydrogen peroxide sensor HPCA1 is an LRR receptor kinase in Arabidopsis.
Small molecule activation of metabolic enzyme pyruvate kinase muscle isozyme 2, PKM2, circumvents photoreceptor apoptosis.
Activated FGF2 signaling pathway in tumor vasculature is essential for acquired resistance to anti-VEGF therapy.
Narciclasine improves outcome in sepsis among neonatal rats via inhibition of calprotectin and alleviating inflammatory responses.
Publisher Correction: Regulation of protein kinase Cdelta Nuclear Import and Apoptosis by Mechanistic Target of Rapamycin Complex-1.
Inhibition of keratinocyte necroptosis mediated by RIPK1/RIPK3/MLKL provides a protective effect against psoriatic inflammation.
BRCAness, SLFN11, and RB1 loss predict response to topoisomerase I inhibitors in triple-negative breast cancers.
Long noncoding RNA SNHG12 integrates a DNA-PK-mediated DNA damage response and vascular senescence.
Filamin A inhibition reduces seizure activity in a mouse model of focal cortical malformations.
Doxorubicin induces cardiomyocyte apoptosis and atrophy through cyclin-dependent kinase 2-mediated activation of forkhead box O1.
"Labile" heme critically regulates mitochondrial biogenesis through the transcriptional co-activator Hap4p in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Defective Mitochondrial Pyruvate Flux Affects Cell Bioenergetics in Alzheimer \' s Disease-Related Models.
OTULIN Prevents Liver Inflammation and Hepatocellular Carcinoma by Inhibiting FADD- and RIPK1 Kinase-Mediated Hepatocyte Apoptosis.
The Natural Metabolite 4-Cresol Improves Glucose Homeostasis and Enhances beta-Cell Function.
Pulsatile MAPK Signaling Modulates p53 Activity to Control Cell Fate Decisions at the G2 Checkpoint for DNA Damage.
Small Molecule Inhibition of GSK-3 Specifically Inhibits the Transcription of Inhibitory Co-receptor LAG-3 for Enhanced Anti-tumor Immunity.
Dopaminergic Transmission Rapidly and Persistently Enhances Excitability of D1 Receptor-Expressing Striatal Projection Neurons.
Induction of the nicotinamide riboside kinase NAD+ salvage pathway in a model of sarcoplasmic reticulum dysfunction.
Parkinson \' s disease-related Leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 modulates nuclear morphology and genomic stability in striatal projection neurons during aging.
The secondary KIT mutation p.Ala510Val in a cutaneous mast cell tumour carrying the activating mutation p.Asn508Ile confers resistance to masitinib in dogs.
AMPK activation does not enhance autophagy in neurons in contrast to MTORC1 inhibition: different impact on beta-amyloid clearance.
Long noncoding RNA LINC00520 accelerates progression of papillary thyroid carcinoma by serving as a competing endogenous RNA of microRNA-577 to increase Sphk2 expression.
Report of a case of necrotizing autoimmune myopathy with thymoma-associated myasthenia gravis.
Sphingosine kinase 1 could enhance stem cell therapy efficiency for neurodegenerative diseases through induction of HIF-1.
A budget impact analysis for making treatment decisions based on anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide (anti-CCP) testing in rheumatoid arthritis.
Gene Therapy Using Neural Stem/Progenitor Cells Derived from Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells: Visualization of Migration and Bystander Killing Effect.
[Surgical strategy of intraspinal tumors using minimal invasive channels].
Modulation of Exercise-Induced Muscle Damage, Inflammation, and Oxidative Markers by Curcumin Supplementation in a Physically Active Population: A Systematic Review.
McArdle Disease: Clinical, Biochemical, Histological and Molecular Genetic Analysis of 60 Patients.
Carboxy-Terminal Cementum Protein 1-Derived Peptide 4 (cemp1-p4) Promotes Mineralization through wnt/beta-catenin Signaling in Human Oral Mucosa Stem Cells.
Phosphorylation-Dependent Differences in CXCR4-LASP1-AKT1 Interaction between Breast Cancer and Chronic Myeloid Leukemia.
Central and Peripheral Mechanisms in ApoE4-Driven Diabetic Pathology.
Impact of JNK and Its Substrates on Dendritic Spine Morphology.
The Marine-Derived Triterpenoid Frondoside A Inhibits Thrombus Formation.
TLR4 Stimulation Promotes Human AVIC Fibrogenic Activity through Upregulation of Neurotrophin 3 Production.
[The value of BRAF V600E gene detection in thyroid cytological diagnosis via a large population].
[Expression of p-AKT and p-mTOR in pediatric Burkitt lymphoma and their correlation with prognosis].
[Calcifying fibrous tumor: a clinicopathological analysis of 32 cases].
Polyphyllin I activates AMPK to suppress the growth of non-small-cell lung cancer via induction of autophagy.
Insights on the heparan sulphate-dependent externalisation of transglutaminase-2 (TG2) in glucose-stimulated proximal-like tubular epithelial cells.
Case 6-2020: A 34-Year-Old Woman with Hyperglycemia.
Effects of Extended Lower Extremity Cooling Following Zone 3 REBOA in a Porcine Hemorrhage Model.
IkappaB kinase 2 is not essential for platelet activation.
PREPUBERTAL GYNECOMASTIA: A RARE MANIFESTATION OF MYOTONIC DYSTROPHY TYPE 1.
Spinal protein kinase A and phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase signaling are involved in the antinociceptive effect of phytohormone abscisic acid in rats.
Development and validation of a sensitive LC-MS/MS method for the quantitation of IMB-YH-4py5-2H, an antituberculosis candidate, and its application to the pharmacokinetic study.
ALK inhibitors for non-small cell lung cancer: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Pathological and clinical investigations of an outbreak of Blackleg disease due to C. chauvoei in cattle in Punjab, Pakistan.
Spindle pole bodies function as signal amplifiers in the Mitotic Exit Network.
Centriole foci persist in starfish oocytes despite Plk1 inactivation or loss of microtubule nucleation activity.
Loss of a conserved MAPK causes catastrophic failure in assembly of a specialized cilium-like structure in Toxoplasma gondii.
[Elevated liver enzyme levels; not exclusive to liver disease].
The effects of short-term treatment of microcystin-LR on the insulin pathway in both the HL7702 cell line and livers of mice.
Clinical and Dopamine Transporter Imaging Characteristics of Leucine- Rich Repeat Kinase 2 (LRRK2) and Glucosylceramidase Beta (GBA) Parkinson \' s Disease Participants in the Parkinson \' s Progression Markers Initiative: A Cross-Sectional Study.
The prognostic role of BRAF and WNT pathways activation in kinase inhibitors-naive clinical stage III cutaneous melanoma.
Genetics of age-related clonal hematopoiesis and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
The role of emerging biomarkers in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer: current challenges and the way forward.
Making heads or tails - The emergence of capicua (CIC) as an important multifunctional tumour suppressor.
[Establishment of RIG-I knockout 293T cell line and its effect on the replication of influenza B virus].
Squamous Cell Carcinoma Transformation of Lung Adenocarcinoma after Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Therapy: Cytological Approach.
Janus kinase inhibitors: A therapeutic strategy for cancer and autoimmune diseases.
Risk of molecular recurrence after tyrosine kinase inhibitor discontinuation in chronic myeloid leukaemia patients: a systematic review of literature with a meta-analysis of studies over the last ten years.
Molecular Regulation of Notch Signaling by Gremlin.
Maheshvara, a Conserved RNA Helicase, Regulates Notch Signaling in Drosophila melanogaster.
Reversal of deleterious effect of hypertension on the liver by inhibition of endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Targeting signaling pathways of VEGFR1 and VEGFR2 as a potential target in the treatment of breast cancer.
A cytosolic heat shock protein 90 and co-chaperone p23 complex activates RIPK3/MLKL during necroptosis of endothelial cells in acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Akap1 deficiency exacerbates diabetic cardiomyopathy in mice by NDUFS1-mediated mitochondrial dysfunction and apoptosis.
Extracellular HMGB1 exacerbates autoimmune progression and recurrence of type 1 diabetes by impairing regulatory T cell stability.
Resveratrol suppresses bone cancer pain in rats by attenuating inflammatory responses through the AMPK/Drp1 signaling.
HNF-1a promotes pancreatic cancer growth and apoptosis resistance via its target gene PKLR.
MicroRNA 122 Reflects Liver Injury in Children with Intestinal Failure-Associated Liver Disease Treated with Intravenous Fish Oil.
Selective hyperactivation of JNK2 in an animal model of temporal lobe epilepsy.
Regenerating islet-derived protein (Reg)3beta plays a crucial role in attenuation of ileitis and colitis in mice.
Data on molecular docking of naturally occurring flavonoids with biologically important targets.
Collecting data through high throughput in vitro early toxicity and off-target liability assays to rapidly identify limitations of novel thyromimetics.
Post-Progression Treatment Eligibility of Unresectable Hepatocellular Carcinoma Patients Treated with Lenvatinib.
Body Composition and Leptin/Ghrelin Levels during Lenvatinib for Thyroid Cancer.
Tanshinone and salvianolic acid biosynthesis are regulated by SmMYB98 in Salvia miltiorrhiza hairy roots.
Long noncoding RNAs APOA1-AS, IFNG-AS1, RMRP and their related biomolecules in Egyptian patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: Relation to disease activity and patient disability.
Practical guidance for the management of acute lymphoblastic leukemia in the adolescent and young adult population.
Nucleophosmin1 (NPM1) abnormality in hematologic malignancies, and therapeutic targeting of mutant NPM1 in acute myeloid leukemia.
IC261, a specific inhibitor of CK1delta/epsilon, promotes aerobic glycolysis through p53-dependent mechanisms in colon cancer.
Early treatment with FCR versus watch and wait in patients with stage Binet A high-risk chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL): a randomized phase 3 trial.
hipBA toxin-antitoxin systems mediate persistence in Caulobacter crescentus.
NR1D1 modulates synovial inflammation and bone destruction in rheumatoid arthritis.
PDK1 promotes ovarian cancer metastasis by modulating tumor-mesothelial adhesion, invasion, and angiogenesis via alpha5beta1 integrin and JNK/IL-8 signaling.
Role of Ca2+ in Inhibiting Ischemia-Induced Apoptosis of Parathyroid Gland Cells in New Zealand White Rabbits.
SMAC mimetics and RIPK inhibitors as therapeutics for chronic inflammatory diseases.
Transcription-Associated Cyclin-Dependent Kinases as Targets and Biomarkers for Cancer Therapy.
The two splice variant forms of Cdc42 exert distinct and essential functions in neurogenesis.
Phosphoproteome and drug response effects mediated by the three Protein Phosphatase 2A inhibitor proteins CIP2A, SET and PME-1.
Schizandrin attenuates inflammation induced by avian pathogenic Escherichia coli in chicken type II pneumocytes.
AdipoRon improves cognitive dysfunction of Alzheimer \' s disease and rescues impaired neural stem cell proliferation through AdipoR1/AMPK pathway.
Serum Copeptin Levels Predict the Return of Spontaneous Circulation and the Short-Term Prognosis of Patients with Out-of-Hospital Cardiac Arrest: A Randomized Control Study.
A cytokine screen using CRISPR-Cas9 knock-in reporter pig iPS cells reveals that Activin A regulates NANOG.
Comprehensive analysis of the association between tumor glycolysis and immune/inflammation function in breast cancer.
Thyroid deficiency before birth alters the adipose transcriptome to promote overgrowth of white adipose tissue and impair thermogenic capacity.
Enhanced metastable state models of TAM kinase binding to cabozantinib explains the dynamic nature of receptor tyrosine kinases.
Lipophagy-derived fatty acids undergo extracellular efflux via lysosomal exocytosis.
Impact of insulin and glucocorticoid signalling on hepatic glucose homeostasis in the rat exposed to high-fructose diet and chronic stress.
Simulated Microgravity Influences VEGF, MAPK, and PAM Signaling in Prostate Cancer Cells.
Sarcoma Family Kinase-Dependent Pannexin-1 Activation after Cortical Spreading Depression is Mediated by NR2A-Containing Receptors.
Virtual Screening Approach to Identify High-Affinity Inhibitors of Serum and Glucocorticoid-Regulated Kinase 1 among Bioactive Natural Products: Combined Molecular Docking and Simulation Studies.
Licochalcone D Induces ROS-Dependent Apoptosis in Gefitinib-Sensitive or Resistant Lung Cancer Cells by Targeting EGFR and MET.
RhoA/ROCK Regulates Prion Pathogenesis by Controlling Connexin 43 Activity.
Lipidomic Analysis of Cells and Extracellular Vesicles from High- and Low-Metastatic Triple-Negative Breast Cancer.
Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase (MAPK) and Obesity-Related Cancer.
Downregulation of S1P Lyase Improves Barrier Function in Human Cerebral Microvascular Endothelial Cells Following an Inflammatory Challenge.
Biphasic Mathematical Model of Cell-Drug Interaction That Separates Target-Specific and Off-Target Inhibition and Suggests Potent Targeted Drug Combinations for Multi-Driver Colorectal Cancer Cells.
MSC-Secreted Exosomal H19 Promotes Trophoblast Cell Invasion and Migration by Downregulating let-7b and Upregulating FOXO1.
Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 14
The Association of Parental Genetic, Lifestyle, and Social Determinants of Health with Offspring Overweight.
Pharmacological Effects of 1 \' -Acetoxychavicol Acetate, a Major Constituent in the Rhizomes of Alpinia galanga and Alpinia conchigera.
Spatial control of AMPK signaling at subcellular compartments.
Design, Synthesis, and Biological Evaluation of Imidazo[1,2-a]pyridine Derivatives as Novel PI3K/mTOR Dual Inhibitors.
Transient de-protonation of the chromophore affects protein dynamics proximal and distal to the linear tetrapyrrole chromophore in phytochrome Cph1.
Genetic Diversity of Cyprinid Herpesvirus 3 from Different Geographical Locations during 1999-2019 in the United States of America.
Recent advances in targeted small-molecule inhibitor therapy for non-small-cell lung cancer-An update.
Nutrient Restriction has Limited Short-Term Effects on Gut, Immunity, and Brain Development in Preterm Pigs.
Novel EGFR ectodomain mutations associated with ligand-independent activation and cetuximab resistance in head and neck cancer.
Transcriptional co-repressor Sin3a regulates hippocampal synaptic plasticity via Homer1/mGluR5.
Metformin-induced Stromal Depletion to Enhance the Penetration of Gemcitabine-Loaded Magnetic Nanoparticles for Pancreatic Cancer Targeted Therapy.
Binding of metal ion induced tau oligomers to lipid surfaces is enhanced by GSK-3beta mediated phosphorylation.
Cytolethal distending toxin-induced release of interleukin-1beta by human macrophages is dependent upon activation of glycogen synthase kinase (GSK) 3beta, spleen tyrosine kinase (Syk) and the noncanonical inflammasome.
The tetrameric pheromone module SteC-MkkB-MpkB-SteD regulates asexual sporulation, sclerotia formation and aflatoxin production in Aspergillus flavus.
Garlic (Allium sativum) as an antidote or a protective agent against natural or chemical toxicities: A comprehensive update review.
Lipidomics reveals the dynamics of lipid profile altered by omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in healthy people.
Angiotensin-(1-7) Attenuates Protein O-GlcNAcylation in the Retina by EPAC/Rap1-Dependent Inhibition of O-GlcNAc Transferase.
Easy One-Step Amplification and Labeling Procedure for Copy Number Variation Detection.
Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta (REBOA) in a Pediatric Swine Model: Is 60 Minutes Too Long?
B-Cell Precursor-Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia With EBF1-PDGFRB Fusion Treated With Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation and Imatinib: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Activity of fibroblast-like synoviocytes in rheumatoid arthritis was impaired by dickkopf-1 targeting siRNA.
Anti-leukemic effect of PI3K inhibition on chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) cells: shedding new light on the mitigating effect of c-Myc and autophagy on BKM120 cytotoxicity.
Rapid block of pre-mRNA splicing by chemical inhibition of analog-sensitive CRK9 in Trypanosoma brucei.
Silencing of long noncoding RNA LEF1-AS1 prevents the progression of hepatocellular carcinoma via the crosstalk with microRNA-136-5p/WNK1.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress occurs in association with the extrusion of toxic extracellular vesicles from human placentae treated with antiphospholipid antibodies.
Role of bacterial Ser/Thr protein kinases spr 1577 in the pathogenesis of respiratory infections caused by S. pneumoniae.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress signaling in cancer and neurodegenerative disorders: tools and strategies to understand its complexity.
Blockade of Nogo-A/NgR1 inhibits autophagic activation and prevents secondary neuronal damage in the thalamus after focal cerebral infarction in hypertensive rats.
Impact of the Protein Data Bank on antineoplastic approvals.
Ion channels as effectors of cyclic nucleotide pathways: Functional relevance for arterial tone regulation.
Transcripts \'  evolutionary history and structural dynamics give mechanistic insights into the functional diversity of the JNK family.
Large increases in plasma fast skeletal muscle troponin I after whole-body eccentric exercises.
Generation and evaluation of a transgenic zebrafish for tissue-specific expression of a dominant-negative Rho-associated protein kinase-2.
[NTRK Fusions: A new way of treatment for gastro-intestinal tumor?]
Outcome and molecular landscape of patients with PIK3CA-mutated metastatic breast cancer.
L-GILZ binds and inhibits nuclear factor kappaB nuclear translocation in undifferentiated thyroid cancer cells.
Hyperpigmentation due to imatinib: A rare case of cutaneous involvement.
A cost analysis of SIR-Spheres yttrium-90 resin microspheres versus tyrosine kinase inhibitors in the treatment of unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma in France, Italy, Spain and the UK.
Serum- and glucocorticoid-induced kinase 1, a new therapeutic target for autophagy modulation in chronic diseases.
GORAB promotes embryonic lung maturation through antagonizing AKT phosphorylation, versican expression, and mesenchymal cell migration.
Abeta monomer induces phosphorylation of Tau at Ser-214 through beta2AR-PKA-JNK signaling pathway.
ABCG2 requires a single aromatic amino acid to "clamp" substrates and inhibitors into the binding pocket.
FCX-146, a potent allosteric inhibitor of Akt Kinase in cancer cells: Lead optimization of the second-generation arylidene indanone scaffold.
Baseline and interim PET-based outcome prediction in peripheral T-cell lymphoma: A subgroup analysis of the PETAL trial.
Upregulated lncRNA UCA1 inhibits trophoblast cell invasion and proliferation by downregulating JAK2.
Rationale for the advancement of PI3K pathway inhibitors for personalized chordoma therapy.
CEPO (carbamylated erythropoietin)-Fc protects hippocampal cells in culture against beta amyloid-induced apoptosis: considering Akt/GSK-3beta and ERK signaling pathways.
ATM kinase regulates tumor immunoreactions in lymphocyte-predominant breast cancer through modulation of NKG2D ligand and TNF cytokines on tumor cells.
[A rare differential diagnosis of "atraumatic" shoulder pain].
Pre- and postnatal exposure to glyphosate-based herbicide causes behavioral and cognitive impairments in adult mice: evidence of cortical ad hippocampal dysfunction.
Methotrexate and its mechanisms of action in inflammatory arthritis.
Reprogramming normal cells into tumour precursors requires ECM stiffness and oncogene-mediated changes of cell mechanical properties.
Loss of glucocorticoid receptor expression mediates in vivo dexamethasone resistance in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Conversion of effector CD4+ T cells to a CD8+ MHC II-recognizing lineage.
The kinase polypharmacology landscape of clinical PARP inhibitors.
trans-Fatty acids facilitate DNA damage-induced apoptosis through the mitochondrial JNK-Sab-ROS positive feedback loop.
Multiple Growth Factor Targeting by Engineered Insulin-like Growth Factor Binding Protein-3 Augments EGF Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Efficacy.
Neutrophil extracellular trap-enriched supernatants carry microRNAs able to modulate TNF-alpha production by macrophages.
Rivastigmine modifies the alpha-secretase pathway and potentially early Alzheimer \' s disease.
Zebrafish NIK Mediates IFN Induction by Regulating Activation of IRF3 and NF-kappaB.
Astrocytic YAP promotes the formation of glia scars and neural regeneration after spinal cord injury.
Retraction Note: Receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor Sunitinib and integrin antagonist peptide HM-3 show similar lipid raft dependent biphasic regulation of tumor angiogenesis and metastasis.
Zerumbone ameliorates behavioral impairments and neuropathology in transgenic APP/PS1 mice by suppressing MAPK signaling.
Consensus protocols for the diagnosis and management of the hereditary autoinflammatory syndromes CAPS, TRAPS and MKD/HIDS: a German PRO-KIND initiative.
Treatment review for male pattern hair-loss.
Amino acid-based compound activates atypical PKC and leptin receptor pathways to improve glycemia and anxiety like behavior in diabetic mice.
Excitatory amino acid transporter (EAAT)1 and EAAT2 mRNA levels are altered in the prefrontal cortex of subjects with schizophrenia.
Nitro-oleic acid triggers ROS production via NADPH oxidase activation in plants: A pharmacological approach.
ErbB4 Mutation that Decreased NRG1-ErbB4 Signaling Involved in the Pathogenesis of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis/Frontotemporal Dementia.
Detoxifying effects of optimal hyperoxia (40% oxygenation) exposure on benzo[a]pyrene-induced toxicity in human keratinocytes.
Chemoenzymatic Semisynthesis of Phosphorylated alpha-Synuclein Enables Identification of a Bidirectional Effect on Fibril Formation.
Global Proteomic Analyses of STING-Positive and -Negative Macrophages Reveal STING and Non-STING Differentially Regulated Cellular and Molecular Pathways.
A de novo germline mutation of KIT in a white-spotted Brown Swiss cow.
Expression of Concern: "The Dual Roles of c-Jun NH2-Terminal Kinase Signaling in Cr(VI)-Induced Apoptosis in JB6 Cells".
Adenosine kinase is critical for neointima formation after vascular injury by inducing aberrant DNA hypermethylation.
LncRNA RP6-65G23.1 accelerates proliferation and inhibits apoptosis via p-ERK1/2/p-AKT signaling pathway on keratinocytes.
Arctigenin induces necroptosis through mitochondrial dysfunction with CCN1 upregulation in prostate cancer cells under lactic acidosis.
Autoinflammatory diseases in childhood, part 1: monogenic syndromes.
New advances in antiangiogenic combination therapeutic strategies for advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Tyrosine kinase signaling in and on the endoplasmic reticulum.
Mechanism of sphingosine 1-phosphate clearance from blood.
ALK5 deficiency inhibits macrophage inflammation and lipid loading by targeting KLF4.
New aspects in cardiac L-type Ca2+ channel regulation.
Potential Biomarkers in Diabetic Retinopathy.
Metaxalone Suppresses Production of Inflammatory Cytokines Associated with Painful Conditions in Mouse Macrophages RAW264.7 cells in Vitro: Synergistic Effect with beta-caryophyllene.
Monitoring Dual VEGF Inhibition in Human Pancreatic Tumor Xenografts With Dynamic Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound.
LC3C mediates selective autophagy of the MET RTK, inhibiting cancer cell invasion.
Neferine inhibits epidermal growth factor-induced proliferation and migration of retinal pigment epithelial cells through downregulating p38 MAPK and PI3K/AKT signalling.
Computational insight into the mechanisms of action and selectivity of Afraxis PAK inhibitors.
MiR-769-5p inhibits cancer progression in oral squamous cell carcinoma by directly targeting JAK1/STAT3 pathway.
L-arginine ameliorates lipopolysaccharide-induced intestinal inflammation through inhibiting the TLR4/NF-kappaB and MAPK pathways and stimulating beta-defensins expression in vivo and in vitro.
Effect of anlotinib as a third- or further-line therapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with different histologic types: Subgroup analysis in the ALTER0303 trial.
Mitochondrial signalling is critical for acclimation and adaptation to flooding in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Dietary lipids in glycogen storage disease type III: a systematic literature study, case studies and future recommendations.
A cell surface arabinogalactan-peptide influences root hair cell fate.
Lipid Droplet-Mediated Scavenging As Novel Intrinsic And Adaptive Resistance Factor Against The Multikinase Inhibitor Ponatinib.
Serum profiling identifies ibrutinib as a treatment option for young adults with B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Protective effects of quercetin against oxidative stress induced by bisphenol-A in rat cardiac mitochondria.
Monitoring the crosstalk between methylation and phosphorylation on histone peptides with host-assisted capillary electrophoresis.
Superiority of temozolomide over radiotherapy for elderly patients with RTK II methylation class, MGMT promoter-methylated malignant astrocytoma.
Mulberry leaf polyphenols attenuated postprandial glucose absorption via inhibition of disaccharidases activity and glucose transport in Caco-2 cells.
Stabilization of Active Site Dynamics Leads to Increased Activity with 3 \' -Azido-3 \' -deoxythymidine Monophosphate for F105Y Mutant Human Thymidylate Kinase.
Computational Analysis of Crystallization Additives for the Identification of New Allosteric Sites.
Knockdown of Thymidine Kinase 1 Suppresses Cell Proliferation, Invasion, Migration, and Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition in Thyroid Carcinoma Cells.
Peptides containing the MXXCW motif inhibit oncogenic RET kinase activity with a novel mechanism of action.
Hepatitis B virus X protein promotes tumor invasion and poor prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma via phosphorylation of paxillin at Serine 178 by activation of the c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase.
Econazole nitrate reversed the resistance of breast cancer cells to Adriamycin through inhibiting the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
EPS8L3 promotes hepatocellular carcinoma proliferation and metastasis by modulating EGFR dimerization and internalization.
Red pepper seed water extract suppresses high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice.
A comparative study of nivolumab and axitinib in terms of overall survival, treatment continuation, and cost for patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
IKK Epsilon Deficiency Attenuates Angiotensin II-Induced Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm Formation in Mice by Inhibiting Inflammation, Oxidative Stress, and Apoptosis.
Effect of Hataedock Treatment on Epidermal Structure Maintenance through Intervention in the Endocannabinoid System.
Association of fetuin-A with dyslipidemia and insulin resistance in type-II Diabetics of Pakistani population.
A Receptor Guanylate Cyclase, Gyc76C, Mediates Humoral, and Cellular Responses in Distinct Ways in Drosophila Immunity.
HMGB1 Protects the Heart Against Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury via PI3K/AkT Pathway-Mediated Upregulation of VEGF Expression.
Massively elevated creatine kinase levels in antihistamine-induced rhabdomyolysis.
Different signaling pathways involved in the anti-inflammatory effects of unfractionated heparin on lipopolysaccharide-stimulated human endothelial cells.
The Therapeutic Effect of Melatonin on GC by Inducing Cell Apoptosis and Autophagy Induced by Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Osteopontin Mediates Cetuximab Resistance via the MAPK Pathway in NSCLC Cells.
Dual Role For A MEK Inhibitor As A Modulator Of Inflammation And Host Defense Mechanisms With Potential Therapeutic Application In COPD.
T-type calcium channel inhibition restores sensitivity to MAPK inhibitors in de-differentiated and adaptive melanoma cells.
Idiopathic ventricular fibrillation and the V1764fsX1786 frameshift mutation of the SCN5A gene in a myotonic dystrophy type 1 patient.
[Wild-type gastroinestinal stromal tumors].
Skeletal Muscle Reflex-Induced Sympathetic Dysregulation and Sensitization of Muscle Afferents in Type 1 Diabetic Rats.
Combining Biomarkers to Predict Pregnancy Complications and Redefine Preeclampsia: The Angiogenic-Placental Syndrome.
Phosphoproteomics Reveals Novel Targets and Phosphoprotein Networks in Cell Cycle Mediated by Dsk1 Kinase.
[Mechanism of renal injury and apoptosis in rats with nephrotic syndrome induced by mercury].
[Legionnaires \'  disease with pronounced cerebellar involvement: case report and literature review].
[Clinical features of 54 cases of lung adenocarcinomas with c-ROS oncogene 1 fusion].
Prohibitin ligands: a growing armamentarium to tackle cancers, osteoporosis, inflammatory, cardiac and neurological diseases.
Anticancer activity of Turkish marine extracts: a purple sponge extract induces apoptosis with multitarget kinase inhibition activity.
Lappaconitine Sulfate Inhibits Proliferation and Induces Apoptosis in Human Hepatocellular Carcinoma HepG2 Cells through the Reactive Oxygen Species-Dependent Mitochondrial Pathway.
Bioconformational modulation of a thymidine kinase enzyme ligand through F HO intramolecular hydrogen bond.
KRAS as a druggable target in NSCLC: Rising like a phoenix after decades of development failures.
PTPRA Phosphatase Regulates GDNF-Dependent RET Signaling and Inhibits the RET Mutant MEN2A Oncogenic Potential.
Genome wide characterization of the SERK/SERL gene family in Phalaenopsis equestris, Dendrobium catenatum and Apostasia shenzhenica (Orchidaceae).
Anti-fibrotic effect of decorin in peritoneal dialysis and PD-associated peritonitis.
Wogonoside alleviates colitis by improving intestinal epithelial barrier function via the MLCK/pMLC2 pathway.
Reactive oxygen species induce cyanide-resistant respiration in potato infected by Erwinia carotovora subsp. Carotovora.
Organotypic breast tumor model elucidates dynamic remodeling of tumor microenvironment.
c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase (JNK)/stress-activated protein kinase-associated protein 1 is a critical regulator for arthritis progression by meditating inflammation in mice model.
The Role of Donor Lymphocyte Infusion (DLI) in Post Hematopoietic Cell Transplant (HCT) Relapse for Chronic Myeloid Leukemia (CML) in the Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor (TKI) Era.
RLS with PLMS in a child with hemolytic anemia caused by pyruvate kinase deficiency.
Therapeutic potential of targeting SHP2 in human developmental disorders and cancers.
Melatonin alleviates progression of uterine endometrial cancer by suppressing estrogen/ubiquitin C/SDHB-mediated succinate accumulation.
Systems Level Understanding of Circadian Integration with Cell Physiology.
HOXD3, a novel link between BMP9 and TGFbeta1 signaling.
TSH/IGF1 receptor crosstalk: Mechanism and clinical implications.
Ras2, the TC21/R-Ras2 Drosophila homologue, contributes to Insulin signalling but is not required for organism viability.
Cr(VI) induces ROS-mediated mitochondrial-dependent apoptosis in neuronal cells via the activation of Akt/ERK/AMPK signaling pathway.
A dual PI3 kinase/mTOR inhibitor BEZ235 reverses doxorubicin resistance in ABCB1 overexpressing ovarian and pancreatic cancer cell lines.
Differential role of vacuolar (H+)-ATPase in the expression and activity of cyclooxygenase-2 in human monocytes.
Effect of deoxynivalenol on the porcine acquired immune response and potential remediation by a novel modified HSCAS adsorbent.
Constitutive Cyclophilin-D Ablation in Mice Increases Exercise and Cognitive-Behavioral Performance under Normoxic and Hypoxic Conditions.
Clopidogrel or Prasugrel reduces mortality and lessens cardiovascular damage from acute myocardial infarction in Hypercholesterolemic male rats.
Activation of TRPV1 channel antagonizes diabetic nephropathy through inhibiting endoplasmic reticulum-mitochondria contact in podocytes.
Protein kinase inhibitor-based cancer therapies: considering the potential of nitric oxide (NO) to improve cancer treatment.
Cadmium exposure enhances organic cation transporter 2 trafficking to the kidney membrane and exacerbates cisplatin nephrotoxicity.
Protective strategies to prevent trastuzumab-induced cardiotoxicity - Authors \'  reply.
Protective strategies to prevent trastuzumab-induced cardiotoxicity.
Clemastine improves hypomyelination in rats with hypoxic-ischemic brain injury by reducing microglia-derived IL-1beta via P38 signaling pathway.
Epinephrine responsiveness is reduced in livers from trained mice.
Inhibition of MiR-122 Decreases Cerebral Ischemia-reperfusion Injury by Upregulating DJ-1-Phosphatase and Tensin Homologue Deleted on Chromosome 10 (PTEN)/Phosphonosinol-3 Kinase (PI3K)/AKT.
Cardiac protection of Bauhinia championii against reperfusion injury.
Silica dust exposure induces autophagy in alveolar macrophages through switching Beclin1 affinity from Bcl-2 to PIK3C3.
Implication of in vivo circulating fibrocytes ablation in experimental pulmonary hypertension murine model.
Functional analysis of SEMA3A variants identified in Chinese patients with isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
IL-21 Signaling in the Tumor Microenvironment.
IL-1 Signaling in Tumor Microenvironment.
Brain Penetration of Lorlatinib: Cumulative Incidences of CNS and Non-CNS Progression with Lorlatinib in Patients with Previously Treated ALK-Positive Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.
Cellular senescence: from anti-cancer weapon to anti-aging target.
Hydroxysafflor Yellow A Confers Neuroprotection from Focal Cerebral Ischemia by Modulating the Crosstalk Between JAK2/STAT3 and SOCS3 Signaling Pathways.
Manipulation of Host Cell Death Pathways by Herpes Simplex Virus.
The GLP-2 analogue elsiglutide reduces diarrhoea caused by the tyrosine kinase inhibitor lapatinib in rats.
ASK1 inhibition: a therapeutic strategy with multi-system benefits.
Targeted Metabolomics Analysis Reveals that Dietary Supranutritional Selenium Regulates Sugar and Acylcarnitine Metabolism Homeostasis in Pig Liver.
PLK1/NF-kappaB feedforward circuit antagonizes the mono-ADP-ribosyltransferase activity of PARP10 and facilitates HCC progression.
Single-agent activity of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibition with copanlisib in patients with molecularly defined relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Endogenous topoisomerase II-mediated DNA breaks drive thymic cancer predisposition linked to ATM deficiency.
An isothermal shift assay for proteome scale drug-target identification.
Targeting Plk1 with siRNNs in primary cells from pediatric B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia patients.
O-GlcNAcylation of PFKFB3 is required for tumor cell proliferation under hypoxia.
Mevalonate Kinase Deficiency as Cause of Periodic Fever in Two Siblings.
A Single Amino Acid Substitution in STKc_GSK3 Kinase Conferring Semispherical Grains and Its Implications for the Origin of Triticum sphaerococcum Perc.
Correction: Key residues in Mycobacterium tuberculosis protein kinase G play a role in regulating kinase activity and survival in the host.
Case report of a 66-year-old woman with atypical takotsubo syndrome and concomitant coronary artery disease.
The Shb scaffold binds the Nck adaptor protein, p120 RasGAP and Chimaerins and thereby facilitates heterotypic cell segregation by the receptor EphB2.
PII signal transduction protein GlnK alleviates the feedback inhibition of N-acetyl-l-glutamate kinase by l-arginine in Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Renal TNFalpha activates the WNK phosphorylation cascade and contributes to salt-sensitive hypertension in chronic kidney disease.
Discrete localization patterns of Arf6, and its activators EFA6A and BRAG2, and its effector PIP5kinasegamma on myofibrils of myotubes and plasma membranes of myoblasts in developing skeletal muscles of mice.
CaLecRK-S.5, a pepper L-type lectin receptor kinase gene, accelerates Phytophthora elicitin-mediated defense response.
Viral Delivery of GDNF Promotes Functional Integration of Human Stem Cell Grafts in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Inference of Multisite Phosphorylation Rate Constants and Their Modulation by Pathogenic Mutations.
A Conserved Kinase-Based Body-Temperature Sensor Globally Controls Alternative Splicing and Gene Expression.
Membrane and synaptic defects leading to neurodegeneration in Adar mutant Drosophila are rescued by increased autophagy.
Tanshinone IIA prevents platelet activation and down-regulates CD36 and MKK4/JNK2 signaling pathway.
SIRT1 Protects the Heart from ER Stress-Induced Injury by Promoting eEF2K/eEF2-Dependent Autophagy.
Emerging Roles of ALK in Immunity and Insights for Immunotherapy.
The Impact of Cand1 in Prostate Cancer.
BRAF Exon 15 Mutations in Papillary Carcinoma and Adjacent Thyroid Parenchyma: A Search for the Early Molecular Events Associated with Tumor Development.
Differential Signaling Profiles of MC4R Mutations with Three Different Ligands.
The Biomarker TCONS_00016233 Drives Septic AKI by Targeting the miR-22-3p/AIFM1 Signaling Axis.
A biofabricated vascularized skin model of atopic dermatitis for preclinical studies.
Association of the FGFR1 mutation with spontaneous hemorrhage in low-grade gliomas in pediatric and young adult patients.
Spine stereotactic radiosurgery for metastatic thyroid cancer: a single-institution experience.
Mechanistic perspective of protective effects of nilotinib against cisplatin-induced testicular injury in rats: Role of JNK/caspase-3 signaling inhibition.
Targeting vascular smooth muscle cell dysfunction with xanthine derivative KMUP-3 inhibits abdominal aortic aneurysm in mice.
Rab11 activation by Ik2 kinase is required for dendrite pruning in Drosophila sensory neurons.
Transcriptome profiling of tolerogenic dendritic cells conditioned with dual mTOR kinase inhibitor, AZD8055.
Enhanced lipid productivity in AGP knockout marine microalga Tetraselmis sp. using a DNA-free CRISPR-Cas9 RNP method.
Sampling conformational changes of bound ligands using Nonequilibrium Candidate Monte Carlo.
Administration of Lapatinib with Food Increases Its Plasma Concentration in Chinese Patients with Metastatic Breast Cancer: A Prospective Phase II Study.
Systemic Endothelial Activation Is Associated With Early Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome in Children With Extrapulmonary Sepsis.
Design, synthesis, biological evaluation of 6-(2-amino-1H-benzo[d]imidazole-6-yl)quinazolin-4(3H)-one derivatives as novel anticancer agents with Aurora kinase inhibition.
Plasma proteomics of biomarkers for inflammation or cancer cannot predict relapse in chronic myeloid leukaemia patients stopping tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy.
Selenium ameliorates cadmium-induced mouse leydig TM3 cell apoptosis via inhibiting the ROS/JNK /c-jun signaling pathway.
Unexpected CK2beta-antagonistic functionality of bisubstrate inhibitors targeting protein kinase CK2.
Molecular characterization of cobia (Rachycentron canadum) CD4 homologues revealed the first evidence of soluble CD4 in fish.
Inconsistently impairment of immune function and structural integrity of head kidney and spleen by vitamin A deficiency in grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella).
Levetiracetam, an antiepileptic drug has neuroprotective effects on intracranial hemorrhage injury.
Discovery and anti-diabetic effects of novel isoxazole based flavonoid derivatives.
Schizandrin attenuates lung lesions induced by Avian pathogenic Escherichia coli in chickens.
Effects of Ruxolitinib Cream on Pruritus and Quality of Life in Atopic Dermatitis: Results From a Phase 2, Randomized, Dose-Ranging, Vehicle- and Active-Controlled Study.
TTC9A deficiency induces estradiol-mediated changes in hippocampus and amygdala neuroplasticity-related gene expressions in female mice.
Knockdown of long non-coding RNA AL049437 mitigates MPP+ -induced neuronal injury in SH-SY5Y cells via the microRNA-205-5p/MAPK1 axis.
mRNA Profiling Reveals Response Regulators of Decreased Fungal Keratitis Symptoms in a Tree Shrew Model.
Evodiamine inhibits proliferation and promotes apoptosis of hepatocellular carcinoma cells via the Hippo-Yes-Associated Protein signaling pathway.
Senotherapy: a new horizon for COPD therapy.
A Phase I Trial of IGF-1R Inhibitor Cixutumumab and mTOR Inhibitor Temsirolimus in Metastatic Castration-resistant Prostate Cancer.
Successful transoral videolaryngoscopic surgery for leiomyoma in the base of the tongue.
Extracellular allograft inflammatory factor-1 (AIF-1) potentiates Th1 cell differentiation and inhibits Treg response in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells from normal subjects.
[Proton pump inhibitors and cancers: A hazardous association?]
Determining the scale at which variation in a single gene changes population yields.
LRRK2 maintains mitochondrial homeostasis and regulates innate immune responses to Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Targeted synthetic pharmacotherapy for psoriatic arthritis: state of the art.
Neratinib: the emergence of a new player in the management of HER2+ breast cancer brain metastasis.
MEG3 is restored by schisandrin A and represses tumor growth in choriocarcinoma cells.
Prospects for achieving treatment-free remission in chronic myeloid leukaemia.
Interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase 4 inhibitor interrupts toll-like receptor signalling and sensitizes chronic lymphocytic leukaemia cells to apoptosis.
Analysis of the anti-fatigue activity of polysaccharides from Spirulina platensis: role of central 5-hydroxytryptamine mechanisms.
Modular protein-DNA hybrid nanostructures as a drug delivery platform.
l-Theanine regulates glucose, lipid, and protein metabolism via insulin and AMP-activated protein kinase signaling pathways.
Beneficial effects of a negative ion patch on eccentric exercise-induced muscle damage, inflammation, and exercise performance in badminton athletes.
Physiological stress against simulated 200-m and 500-m sprints in world-class boat paddlers.
miR-139-5p promotes the proliferation and invasion of trophoblast cells by targeting sFlt-1 in preeclampsia.
Poxvirus encoded eIF2alpha homolog, K3 family proteins, is a key determinant of poxvirus host species specificity.
Smartphone based on-chip fluorescence imaging and capillary flow velocity measurement for detecting ROR1+ cancer cells from buffy coat blood samples on dual-layer paper microfluidic chip.
Mechanotransduction drives morphogenesis to develop folding during placental development in pigs.
A molecular cascade underlying articular cartilage degeneration.
CLINICAL AND TRANSLATIONAL CHALLENGES IN THYROID CANCERS.
Hypocalcemia induced by tyrosine kinase inhibitors: targeted treatment with  \' untargeted \'  side effects.
A simple and reliable method for determination of optimum pH in coupled enzyme assays.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of 4 \' -substituted kaempfer-3-ols.
CRH receptor antagonists from Pulsatilla chinensis prevent CRH-induced premature catagen transition in human hair follicles.
Vps34 derived phosphatidylinositol 3-monophosphate modulates megakaryocyte maturation and proplatelet production through late endosomes/lysosomes.
MicroRNA-34a causes ceramide accumulation and effects insulin signaling pathway by targeting ceramide kinase (CERK) in aging skeletal muscle.
miR-22 represses osteoblast viability with ESR1 presenting a direct target and indirectly inactivating p38 MAPK/JNK signaling.
Akt activation by insulin treatment attenuates cachexia in Walker-256 tumor-bearing rats.
Erdheim-Chester disease: An in vivo human model of Mphi activation at the crossroad between chronic inflammation and cancer.
HDAC and MAPK/ERK Inhibitors Cooperate To Reduce Viability and Stemness in Medulloblastoma.
Restoration of MARCK enhances chemosensitivity in cancer.
Two novel cases further expand the phenotype of TOR1AIP1-associated nuclear envelopathies.
LY6K Promotes Glioblastoma Tumorigenicity via CAV-1-Mediated ERK1/2 Signaling Enhancement.
D-Galactose catabolism in archaea: Operation of the DeLey-Doudoroff pathway in Haloferax volcanii.
Cabozantinib inhibits AXL- and MET-dependent cancer cell migration induced by growth-arrest-specific 6 and hepatocyte growth factor.
CM082 Enhances the Efficacy of Chemotherapeutic Drugs by Inhibiting the Drug Efflux Function of ABCG2.
Fulminant Acanthamoeba castellanii Encephalitis in an Ibrutinib-Treated Patient.
Orexin-A aggravates cytotoxicity and mitochondrial impairment in SH-SY5Y cells transfected with APPswe via p38 MAPK pathway.
Prometryn induces apoptotic cell death through cell cycle arrest and oxidative DNA damage.
Realized and Projected Cost-Savings from the Introduction of Generic Imatinib Through Formulary Management in Patients with Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia.
Knockdown of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 subunit B inhibits cell proliferation and migration and promotes apoptosis by downregulating WNT signaling pathway in acute myeloid leukemia.
Discovery of a putative blood-based protein signature associated with response to ALK tyrosine kinase inhibition.
Role of Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 in the Central Regulation of Feeding Behavior in Chicks.
MuSK (Muscle Specific Kinase) Positive Myasthenia: Grave Prognosis or Undue Prejudice?
Grave Prognosis of the MuscleSpecific Kinase (MuSK)-positive Myasthenia Gravis (MG): A False Prejudice.
Bergamot Polyphenols Improve Dyslipidemia and Pathophysiological Features in a Mouse Model of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Epigenetic specifications of host chromosome docking sites for latent Epstein-Barr virus.
FMN reduces Amyloid-beta toxicity in yeast by regulating redox status and cellular metabolism.
PERK-mediated expression of peptidylglycine alpha-amidating monooxygenase supports angiogenesis in glioblastoma.
Anti-Tumor Activity of the IGF-1/IGF-2-Neutralizing Antibody Xentuzumab (BI 836845) in Combination with Enzalutamide in Prostate Cancer Models.
Comparative expression profiling reveals genes involved in megasporogenesis.
LIN9 and NEK2 are core regulators of mitotic fidelity that can be therapeutically targeted to overcome taxane resistance.
Pharmacodynamic analysis of BTK inhibition in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia treated with acalabrutinib.
Two phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase components are involved in interactions between Nicotiana benthamiana and Phytophthora by regulating pathogen effectors and host cell death.
The eEF2 kinase-induced STAT3 inactivation inhibits lung cancer cell proliferation by phosphorylation of PKM2.
EGFR modulates complement activation in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Old factors, new players: transcriptional regulation of autophagy.
Neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio as a prognostic factor for survival in patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (Turkish Oncology Group Study).
Bruton \' s tyrosine kinase inhibitors and the kidney: Focus on ibrutinib.
Life-threatening hypertriglyceridemia-induced pancreatitis related to alectinib successfully treated by plasmapheresis: A review of the literature on metabolic toxicities associated with anaplastic lymphoma kinase inhibitors.
Identification, characterization, and comparison of n-alkanols and anesthetics binding to the C1b subdomain of protein kinase calpha: similar function with different binding sites.
Glycyrrhizic Acid Modulates Apoptosis through Extrinsic/Intrinsic Pathways and Inhibits Protein Kinase B- and Extracellular Signal-Regulated Kinase-Mediated Metastatic Potential in Hepatocellular Carcinoma In Vitro and In Vivo.
Effects of N-acetylcysteine on the energy status and antioxidant capacity in heart and liver of cold-stressed broilers.
Cyclin-Dependent Kinase 5 Inhibitor Butyrolactone I Elicits a Partial Agonist Activity of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor gamma.
Molecular Mechanisms Involved in the Impairment of Boar Sperm Motility by Peroxynitrite-Induced Nitrosative Stress.
c-Jun, Foxo3a, and c-Myc Transcription Factors are Key Regulators of ATP-Mediated Angiogenic Responses in Pulmonary Artery Vasa Vasorum Endothelial Cells.
Mitochondrial E3 Ubiquitin Ligase Parkin: Relationships with Other Causal Proteins in Familial Parkinson \' s Disease and Its Substrate-Involved Mouse Experimental Models.
Discovery of 9O-Substituted Palmatine Derivatives as a New Class of anti-COL1A1 Agents via Repressing TGF-beta1/Smads and JAK1/STAT3 Pathways.
Dynamics of Salivary Gland AQP5 under Normal and Pathologic Conditions.
Evaluation of Toxic Amyloid 42 Oligomers in Rat Primary Cerebral Cortex Cells and Human iPS-derived Neurons Treated with 10-Me-Aplog-1, a New PKC Activator.
DNA Damage and DNA Damage Response in Chronic Myeloid Leukemia.
Targeting Receptor Tyrosine Kinase VEGFR-2 in Hepatocellular Cancer: Rational Design, Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of 1,2-Disubstituted Benzimidazoles.
Assessment of the Phenolic Profiles, Hypoglycemic Activity, and Molecular Mechanism of Different Highland Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) Varieties.
Whether AICAR in Pregnancy or Lactation Prevents Hypertension Programmed by High Saturated Fat Diet: A Pilot Study.
mTOR Regulation of Metabolism in Hematologic Malignancies.
Expression of Receptor Tyrosine Kinases on Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells and Tumor-Infiltrating Lymphocytes in Patients with Renal Cell Carcinoma and Healthy Donors.
Precision medicine in gastrointestinal stromal tumors.
Clinical significance of EGFR mutation types in lung adenocarcinoma: A multi-centre Korean study.
AMPKalpha Subunit Ssp2 and Glycogen Synthase Kinases Gsk3/Gsk31 are involved in regulation of sterol regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP) activity in fission yeast.
In vivo glucoregulation and tissue-specific glucose uptake in female Akt substrate 160 kDa knockout rats.
Major Strides in HER2 Blockade for Metastatic Breast Cancer.
Circular RNA ciRS-7 promotes tube formation in microvascular endothelial cells through downregulation of miR-26a-5p.
Cataloguing the dead: breathing new life into pseudokinase research.
Final analysis of a phase 1/2b study of ibrutinib combined with carfilzomib/dexamethasone in patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma.
The calcineurin beta-like interacting protein kinase CIPK25 regulates potassium homeostasis under low oxygen in Arabidopsis.
Sialuria-Related Intellectual Disability in Children and Adolescent of Pakistan: Tenth Patient Described has a Novel Mutation in GNE gene.
Anti-Proliferative Role of the Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors TKI-258 on Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma In Vitro.
Molecular Identification of Phytochemical for Anticancer Treatment.
Alkylamino Phenol Derivative Induces Apoptosis by Inhibiting EGFR Signaling Pathway in Breast Cancer Cells.
Detecting protein-protein interaction based on protein fragment complementation assay.
The M2 muscarinic receptor, in association to M1 , regulates the neuromuscular PKA molecular dynamics.
Regorafenib sensitizes human breast cancer cells to radiation by inhibiting multiple kinases and inducing DNA damage.
The role of WNT5A and Ror2 in peritoneal membrane injury.
Melatonin enhances thrombopoiesis through ERK1/2 and Akt activation orchestrated by dual adaptor for phosphotyrosine and 3-phosphoinositides.
Gas6 negatively regulates the Staphylococcus aureus-induced inflammatory response via TLR signaling in the mouse mammary gland.
MicroRNA-206 upregulation relieves circTCF25-induced osteosarcoma cell proliferation and migration.
Inferring the transcriptional regulatory mechanism of signal-dependent gene expression via an integrative computational approach.
Anxiety in rats with bile duct ligation is associated with activation of JNK3 mitogen-activated protein kinase in the hippocampus.
Subunit-Specific Augmentation of AMPA Receptor Ubiquitination by Phorbol Ester.
Prevalence and significance of the commonest phosphorylated motifs in the human proteome: a global analysis.
Wortmannin, a specific inhibitor of phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase, induces accumulation of DNA double-strand breaks.
McArdle disease causing rhabdomyolysis following vaginal delivery.
An elevated creatine kinase in the context of influenza A infection and sickle cell trait.
Osimertinib-associated ashy dermatosis-like hyperpigmentation.
Refractory Renal Cell Cancer with Gastro-renal Fistula: A Rare Complication.
Effects of intermittent pressure imitating rolling manipulation in traditional Chinese medicine on ultrastructure and metabolism in injured human skeletal muscle cells.
Achyranthes bidentata extract protects chondrocytes functions through suppressing glycolysis and apoptosis via MAPK/AKT signaling axis.
The P2X7 receptor (P2X7R)-specific antagonist A804598 inhibits inflammatory reaction in human fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
New Insights into the Role of Tyro3, Axl, and Mer Receptors in Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Optimization of Protein-Protein Interaction Measurements for Drug Discovery Using AFM Force Spectroscopy.
TLR9 and beclin 1 crosstalk regulates muscle AMPK activation in exercise.
Genetic basis for iMCD-TAFRO.
PI3K-Akt-mTOR/PFKFB3 pathway mediated lung fibroblast aerobic glycolysis and collagen synthesis in lipopolysaccharide-induced pulmonary fibrosis.
Vitis vinifera polyphenols from seedless black fruit act synergistically to suppress hepatotoxicity by targeting necroptosis and pro-fibrotic mediators.
SRSF1 mediates cytokine-induced impaired imatinib sensitivity in chronic myeloid leukemia.
A Targeted Quantitative Proteomic Method Revealed a Substantial Reprogramming of Kinome during Melanoma Metastasis.
(-)-Epigallocatechin gallate inhibits stemness and tumourigenicity stimulated by AXL receptor tyrosine kinase in human lung cancer cells.
Ticagrelor Enhances Release of Anti-Hypoxic Cardiac Progenitor Cell-Derived Exosomes Through Increasing Cell Proliferation In Vitro.
Metabolic responses of adult lion \' s paw scallops Nodipecten subnodosus exposed to acute hyperthermia in relation to seasonal reproductive effort.
ATM and PRDM9 regulate SPO11-bound recombination intermediates during meiosis.
Targeting Src family kinase member Fyn by Saracatinib attenuated liver fibrosis in vitro and in vivo.
A Case of Anti-LRP4 Antibody-associated Myasthenia Gravis with a Rare Complication of Thymoma Successfully Treated by Thymectomy.
Sulfhydration of AKT triggers Tau-phosphorylation by activating glycogen synthase kinase 3beta in Alzheimer \' s disease.
GLP-1 receptor agonists synergize with DYRK1A inhibitors to potentiate functional human beta cell regeneration.
JAK inhibition increases bone mass in steady-state conditions and ameliorates pathological bone loss by stimulating osteoblast function.
A small molecule inhibitor of PCSK9 that antagonizes LDL receptor binding via interaction with a cryptic PCSK9 binding groove.
S-Nitrosylation at the active site decreases the ubiquitin-conjugating activity of ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme E2 D1 (UBE2D1), an ERAD-associated protein.
Tumour necrosis factor alpha promotes secretion of 14-3-3eta by inducing necroptosis in macrophages.
Novel PAK3 gene missense variant associated with two Chinese siblings with intellectual disability: a case report.
Transcriptome analysis of fungicide-responsive gene expression profiles in two Penicillium italicum strains with different response to the sterol demethylation inhibitor (DMI) fungicide prochloraz.
Myxoid Spindle Cell Sarcoma With LMNA-NTRK Fusion: Expanding the Morphologic Spectrum of NTRK-Rearranged Tumors.
Recent advances in understanding the hepatotoxicity associated with protein kinase inhibitors.
Theaflavin TF3 relieves hepatocyte lipid deposition through activating AMPK signaling pathway by targeting plasma kallikrein.
Nucleoside Diphosphate Kinase B Contributes to Arrhythmogenesis in Human-Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes from a Patient with Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Cardiomyopathy.
New and Emerging Targeted Therapies for Pediatric Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML).
Lespedeza bicolor Extract Ameliorated Renal Inflammation by Regulation of NLRP3 Inflammasome-Associated Hyperinflammation in Type 2 Diabetic Mice.
Alternative Mechanisms of p53 Action During the Unfolded Protein Response.
BDNF as a Promising Therapeutic Agent in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Floridoside Exhibits Antioxidant Properties by Activating HO-1 Expression via p38/ERK MAPK Pathway.
Dynamics and Regulations of BimEL Ser65 and Thr112 Phosphorylation in Porcine Granulosa Cells during Follicular Atresia.
Chronic Mild Stress Modified Epigenetic Mechanisms Leading to Accelerated Senescence and Impaired Cognitive Performance in Mice.
Testosterone Promotes the Proliferation of Chicken Embryonic Myoblasts Via Androgen Receptor Mediated PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
Dietary Supplementation of Black Rice Anthocyanin Extract Regulates Cholesterol Metabolism and Improves Gut Microbiota Dysbiosis in C57BL/6J Mice Fed a High-Fat and Cholesterol Diet.
Multiple nuclear localization sequences in SRSF4 protein.
Regulated changes in material properties underlie centrosome disassembly during mitotic exit.
Estradiol-inducible AvrRps4 expression reveals distinct properties of TIR-NLR-mediated effector-triggered immunity.
Neurogranin stimulates Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent kinase II by suppressing calcineurin activity at specific calcium spike frequencies.
Preeclampsia and the anaesthesiologist: current management.
High resistance to reverse transcriptase inhibitors among persons infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 subtype circulating recombinant form 02_AG in Ghana and on antiretroviral therapy.
INTEGRIN-LINKED KINASE REGULATES MELANOSOME TRAFFICKING AND MELANIN TRANFER IN MELANOCYTES.
Leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 inhibitors: a patent review (2014-present).
Tuning T helper cell differentiation by ITK.
Assessment of Clinical Activity of PD-1 Checkpoint Inhibitor Combination Therapies Reported in Clinical Trials.
Effect of focal adhesion kinase inhibition on osteoblastic cells grown on titanium with different topographies.
Hyperactivation of TORC1 Drives Resistance to the Pan-HER Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Neratinib in HER2-Mutant Cancers.
Direct Phosphorylation and Stabilization of MYC by Aurora B Kinase Promote T-cell Leukemogenesis.
Good Fences Make Good Neighbors: Crumbs Regulates Rho-Kinase Dynamics to Assemble a Tissue Boundary.
Allosteric Activation of PI3Kalpha Results in Dynamic Access to Catalytically Competent Conformations.
Regulation of Nucleotide Metabolism and Germline Proliferation in Response to Nucleotide Imbalance and Genotoxic Stresses by EndoU Nuclease.
Secreted Pyruvate Kinase M2 Promotes Lung Cancer Metastasis through Activating the Integrin Beta1/FAK Signaling Pathway.
Oral administration of the food derived hydrophilic antioxidant ergothioneine enhances object recognition memory in mice.
Anticancer agents based on vulnerable components in a signalling pathway.
Mitotic kinase anchoring proteins: the navigators of cell division.
Organelle-specific autophagy in inflammatory diseases: a potential therapeutic target underlying the quality control of multiple organelles.
AMP-Kinase Dysfunction Alters Notch Ligands to Impair Angiogenesis in Neonatal Pulmonary Hypertension.
SP94-Targeted Triblock Co-Polymer Nanoparticle Delivers Thymidine Kinase-p53-Nitroreductase Triple Therapeutic Gene and Restores Anticancer Function against Hepatocellular Carcinoma in vivo.
PCAT-1 promotes cell growth by sponging miR-129 via MAP3K7/NF-kappaB pathway in multiple myeloma.
Phase Ib Study of Crizotinib Plus Pembrolizumab in Patients with Previously Untreated Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer with ALK Translocation.
PDK1 is important lipid kinase for RANKL-induced osteoclast formation and function via the regulation of the Akt-GSK3beta-NFATc1 signaling cascade.
ROR2 promotes the epithelial-mesenchymal transition by regulating MAPK/p38 signaling pathway in breast cancer.
The affinity of RSK for cylitol analogues of SL0101 is critically dependent on the B-ring C-4 \' -hydroxy.
Promoter-associated DNA methylation &amp; expression profiling of genes (FLT 3, EPB41L3 &amp; SFN) in patients with oral squamous cell carcinoma in the Khasi &amp; Jaintia population of Meghalaya, India.
Vitamin D3 affects mitochondrial biogenesis through mitogen-activated protein kinase in polycystic ovary syndrome mouse model.
Deletion of Protein Kinase D3 Promotes Liver Fibrosis in Mice.
Attenuation of ROS-mediated myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury by morin via regulation of RISK/SAPK pathways.
Cardioprotective properties of the platelet P2Y12 receptor inhibitor prasugrel on cardiac ischemia/reperfusion injury.
Eastern Spanish experience with nivolumab in metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cell exosomes alleviate sepsis-associated acute kidney injury via regulating microRNA-146b expression.
Re-establishment of efficacy of tofacitinib, an oral JAK inhibitor, after temporary discontinuation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Emerging Therapies for Radioactive Iodine Refractory Thyroid Cancer.
Current State of Systemic Therapies for Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma.
In vivo imaging of cell proliferation in meningioma using 3 \' -deoxy-3 \' -[18F]fluorothymidine PET/MRI.
Protocatechuic Acid Inhibits Vulnerable Atherosclerotic Lesion Progression in Older Apoe-/- Mice.
Effect of PAK Inhibition on Cell Mechanics Depends on Rac1.
Maternal Embryonic Leucine Zipper Kinase Promotes Tumor Growth and Metastasis via Stimulating FOXM1 Signaling in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Targeting cancer stem cell pathways for cancer therapy.
Recent advances in understanding the role of Cdk1 in the Spindle Assembly Checkpoint.
Molecular Mechanism of Pancreatic Stellate Cells Activation in Chronic Pancreatitis and Pancreatic Cancer.
p16 promotes proliferation in cervical carcinoma cells through CDK6-HuR-IL1A axis.
Targeting non-small cell lung cancer: driver mutation beyond epidermal growth factor mutation and anaplastic lymphoma kinase fusion.
Editorial: G Protein-Coupled Receptor Kinases (GRKs) and beta-Arrestins: New Insights Into Disease Regulators.
Rhynchophylline Attenuates Senescence of Endothelial Progenitor Cells by Enhancing Autophagy.
TRPM7 contributes to progressive nephropathy.
Incretin accelerates platelet-derived growth factor-BB-induced osteoblast migration via protein kinase A: The upregulation of p38 MAP kinase.
Chemopreventive targeted treatment of head and neck precancer by Wee1 inhibition.
Dynamic interactions of the 5-HT6 receptor with protein partners control dendritic tree morphogenesis.
Reversible EMT and MET mediate amnion remodeling during pregnancy and labor.
Leptin-mediated differential regulation of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein in the intestine and liver affects plasma lipids.
Concurrent Guillain-Barre syndrome and myositis complicating dengue fever.
CDKG1 Is Required for Meiotic and Somatic Recombination Intermediate Processing in Arabidopsis.
Distinct dual roles of p-Tyr42 RhoA GTPase in tau phosphorylation and ATP citrate lyase activation upon different Abeta concentrations.
Activation of AMPK/proteasome/MLCK degradation signaling axis by telmisartan inhibits VSMC contractility and vessel contraction.
A chemically-controlled system for activating RAS GTPases.
Cyanidin-3-glucoside activates Nrf2-antioxidant response element and protects against glutamate-induced oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum stress in HT22 hippocampal neuronal cells.
Effects of tannase-converted green tea extract on skeletal muscle development.
Antigen specific B cells in myasthenia gravis patients.
CPSF1 mediates retinal vascular dysfunction in diabetes mellitus via the MAPK/ERK pathway.
Dysregulation of miR-202-3p Affects Migration and Invasion of Endometrial Stromal Cells in Endometriosis via Targeting ROCK1.
Bisphenol A Exposure Enhances Endometrial Stromal Cell Invasion and Has a Positive Association with Peritoneal Endometriosis.
Protease Amplification of the Inflammatory Response Induced by Commensal Bacteria: Implications for Racial Disparity in Term and Preterm Birth.
Methionine Adenosyltransferase 2beta Participates in Mouse Oocyte Maturation by Regulating the MAPK Pathway.
Downregulated ABHD5 Aggravates Insulin Resistance of Trophoblast Cells During Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Cell-Based Blood Biomarkers for Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Checkpoint Defects Elicit a WRNIP1-Mediated Response to Counteract R-Loop-Associated Genomic Instability.
A PP2A-B56-Centered View on Metaphase-to-Anaphase Transition in Mouse Oocyte Meiosis I.
Ion Channels in The Pathogenesis of Endometriosis: A Cutting-Edge Point of View.
Mechanistic Roles of Matrilin-2 and Klotho in Modulating the Inflammatory Activity of Human Aortic Valve Cells.
Interleukin-27 Gene Delivery Targeting IL-6Ralpha-Expressing Cells as a Stress Response Therapy.
Targeting MAPK Signaling in Cancer: Mechanisms of Drug Resistance and Sensitivity.
The Role of Plasmodesmata-Associated Receptor in Plant Development and Environmental Response.
Ginsenoside Rg3 Induces Browning of 3T3-L1 Adipocytes by Activating AMPK Signaling.
Silencing of PARP2 Blocks Autophagic Degradation.
Monocarboxylate Transporter 4 Regulates Glioblastoma Motility and Monocyte Binding Ability.
Uncovering Tumour Heterogeneity through PKR and nc886 Analysis in Metastatic Colon Cancer Patients Treated with 5-FU-Based Chemotherapy.
Potential Beneficial Effects of Digitaria ciliaris Flower Absolute on the Wound Healing-Linked Activities of Fibroblasts and Keratinocytes.
Potential tripeptides against the tyrosine kinase domain of human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER) 2 through computational and kinase assay approaches.
Dapk1 improves inflammation, oxidative stress and autophagy in LPS-induced acute lung injury via p38MAPK/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
iTRAQ-based quantitative proteomic profiling of the immune response of the South African abalone, Haliotis midae.
Naringin inhibits autophagy mediated by PI3K-Akt-mTOR pathway to ameliorate endothelial cell dysfunction induced by high glucose/high fat stress.
Toxicity Management of Front-Line Pembrolizumab Combined With Axitinib in Clear Cell Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma: A Case Study Approach.
Three-Month Daily Consumption of Sugar-Sweetened Beverages Affects the Liver, Adipose Tissue, and Glucose Metabolism.
An early endosome-derived retrograde trafficking pathway promotes secretory granule maturation.
WASP and Mst1 coregulate B-cell development and B-cell receptor signaling.
Aflibercept and Ranibizumab Modulate Retinal Pigment Epithelial Cells Function by Acting on Their Cross Talk with Vascular Endothelial Cells.
Deleterious cardiovascular effect of exosome in digitalis-treated decompensated congestive heart failure.
Design, synthesis, and molecular docking of novel 2-arylbenzothiazole multiangiokinase inhibitors targeting breast cancer.
Oxidative ATP synthesis in human quadriceps declines during 4 minutes of maximal contractions.
Isoform-dependent subcellular localization of LMTK1A and LMTK1B, and their roles in axon outgrowth and spine formation.
Hepatocyte growth factor-regulated tyrosine kinase substrate is essential for endothelial cell polarity and cerebrovascular stability.
DeepKinZero: Zero-Shot Learning for Predicting Kinase-Phosphosite Associations Involving Understudied Kinases.
SERINE-910 Phosphorylated Focal Adhesion Kinase Expression Predicts Better Overall and Disease-free Survival in Melanoma.
Anti-prostate cancer activity of a nanoformulation of the spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) inhibitor C61.
[Myasthenia gravis. Register of 190 cases in a single center].
miR-552 Regulates Liver Tumor-Initiating Cell Expansion and Sorafenib Resistance.
LINC00167 Regulates RPE Differentiation by Targeting the miR-203a-3p/SOCS3 Axis.
alpha7 nAChRs expressed on antigen presenting cells are insensitive to the conventional antagonists alpha-bungarotoxin and methyllycaconitine.
Optimizing treatment of renal cell carcinoma with VEGFR-TKIs: a comparison of clinical pharmacology and drug-drug interactions of anti-angiogenic drugs.
Endosulfan promotes cell migration via PTP4A3-mediated signaling pathways in HUVECs.
Major depressive disorder and accelerated aging from a peripheral IGF-1 overexpression perspective.
Estrogen receptor-regulated SOCS3 modulation via JAK2/STAT3 pathway is involved in BPF-induced M1 polarization of macrophages.
Role of cyclic nucleotides and their downstream signaling cascades in memory function: being at the right time at the right spot.
YC-1 potentiates the antitumor activity of gefitinib by inhibiting HIF-1alpha and promoting the endocytic trafficking and degradation of EGFR in gefitinib-resistant non-small-cell lung cancer cells.
Efficacy and Safety of Upadacitinib in a Randomized Trial of Patients With Crohn \' s Disease.
House dust mite allergens induce interleukin 33 (IL-33) synthesis and release from keratinocytes via ATP-mediated extracellular signaling.
CRL4Cdt2: Coupling Genome Stability to Ubiquitination.
Natural Killer cell transcriptome during primary EBV infection and EBV associated Hodgkin Lymphoma in children-A preliminary observation.
Transcriptome analysis of Haematococcus pluvialis of multiple defensive systems against nitrogen starvation.
Casein kinase 1 dynamics underlie substrate selectivity and the PER2 circadian phosphoswitch.
Mechanistic Studies of Bioorthogonal ATP Analogs for Assessment of Histidine Kinase Autophosphorylation.
Natural history and genotype-phenotype correlation of pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration.
Lenvatinib in Management of Solid Tumors.
Outcomes of allogenic hematopoietic cell transplantation for childhood chronic myeloid leukemia: Single-center experience.
Circular RNA circ-Ttc3 protects HaCaT cells from hypoxic injury by downregulation of miR-449a.
Silver nanoparticles regulate autophagy through lysosome injury and cell hypoxia in prostate cancer cells.
Dual-specificity phosphatase 15 (DUSP15) in the nucleus accumbens is a novel negative regulator of morphine-associated contextual memory.
Repression of Kisspeptin1 weakens hydrogen peroxide-caused injury in HTR8 cells via adjusting PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Identification of the downstream molecules of agrin/Dok-7 signaling in muscle.
Genotype-Phenotype Correlation and Molecular Heterogeneity in Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency.
Protective effects of lactic acid bacteria on gut epithelial barrier dysfunction are Toll like receptor 2 and protein kinase C dependent.
EPA-enriched ethanolamine plasmalogen and EPA-enriched phosphatidylethanolamine enhance BDNF/TrkB/CREB signaling and inhibit neuronal apoptosis in vitro and in vivo.
Mechanistic multi-scale pharmacokinetic model for the anticancer drug gemcitabine in pancreatic cancer.
A single center evaluation of cost savings related to treatment-free remission in chronic myeloid leukemia patients: the prerequisites of a pharmaco-economy larger study.
First-line endocrine therapy for postmenopausal patients with hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Protective Effects of Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy on Brain Injury by Regulating the Phosphorylation of Drp1 Through ROS/PKC Pathway in Heatstroke Rats.
Targeting the Mitochondria in Heart Failure: A Translational Perspective.
Celastrol Alleviates Aortic Valve Calcification Via Inhibition of NADPH Oxidase 2 in Valvular Interstitial Cells.
MiR-502 is the first reported miRNA simultaneously targeting two components of the classical non-homologous end joining (C-NHEJ) in pancreatic cell lines.
In-silico activity prediction and docking studies of some 2, 9-disubstituted 8-phenylthio/phenylsulfinyl-9h-purine derivatives as Anti-proliferative agents.
Transcriptomic landscape regulated by the 14 types of bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) in lineage commitment and differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs).
The application of weighted gene co-expression network analysis in identifying key modules and hub genes associated with disease status in Alzheimer \' s disease.
eEF2 kinase mediated autophagy as a potential therapeutic target for paclitaxel-resistant triple-negative breast cancer.
Memory T cells delay the progression of atherosclerosis via AMPK signaling pathway.
Upregulated miR-155 inhibits inflammatory response induced by C. albicans in human monocytes derived dendritic cells via targeting p65 and BCL-10.
Superselective arterial embolization with drug-loaded microspheres for the treatment of unresectable breast cancer.
JAK2-negative acute monocytic leukemia with TET2 mutation in essential thrombocythemia with JAK2 mutation with literature review.
Root Growth Adaptation is Mediated by PYLs ABA Receptor-PP2A Protein Phosphatase Complex.
Primary resistance to osimertinib despite acquired T790M.
Identification of pAKT as a pharmacodynamic marker for MER kinase in human melanoma G361 cells.
Neuroprotective effects of urolithin A on H2O2-induced oxidative stress-mediated apoptosis in SK-N-MC cells.
Nerve growth factor activates autophagy in Schwann cells to enhance myelin debris clearance and to expedite nerve regeneration.
Therapeutic targeting of YY1/MZF1 axis by MZF1-uPEP inhibits aerobic glycolysis and neuroblastoma progression.
Dietary supplement of Yunkang 10 green tea and treadmill exercise ameliorate high fat diet induced metabolic syndrome of C57BL/6 J mice.
Preclinical evaluation of a novel triple-acting PIM/PI3K/mTOR inhibitor, IBL-302, in breast cancer.
Drp1 overexpression induces desmin disassembling and drives kinesin-1 activation promoting mitochondrial trafficking in skeletal muscle.
Precise timing of transcription by c-di-GMP coordinates cell cycle and morphogenesis in Caulobacter.
Metformin reduces HGF-induced resistance to alectinib via the inhibition of Gab1.
STAT3 activates MSK1-mediated histone H3 phosphorylation to promote NFAT signaling in gastric carcinogenesis.
The Role of STAT5 in Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor (IMATINIB) Resistance in CML Patients.
Rnd3 interacts with TAO kinases and contributes to mitotic cell rounding and spindle positioning.
The sexual cell cycle initiation is regulated by CDK19/CYC9 in Tetrahymena thermophila.
The stress polarity signaling (SPS) pathway serves as a marker and a target in the leaky gut barrier: implications in aging and cancer.
Model-based inference and classification of immunological control mechanisms from TKI cessation and dose reduction in CML patients.
Porphyromonas gingivalis cell wall components induce PD-L1 expression on human oral carcinoma cells by a RIP2-dependent mechanism.
Y-box binding protein-1 is crucial in acquired drug resistance development in metastatic clear-cell renal cell carcinoma.
Production of an anti-angiogenic factor sFLT1 is suppressed via promoter hypermethylation of FLT1 gene in choriocarcinoma cells.
Involvement of CXCL12/CXCR4 in the motility of human first-trimester endometrial epithelial cells through an autocrine mechanism by activating PI3K/AKT signaling.
Genome-wide identification of MAPKKK genes and their responses to phytoplasma infection in Chinese jujube (Ziziphus jujuba Mill.).
The role of RICTOR amplification in targeted therapy and drug resistance.
Z-Ajoene Inhibits Growth of Colon Cancer by Promotion of CK1alpha Dependent beta-Catenin Phosphorylation.
Inhibition of Anaplerosis Attenuated Vascular Proliferation in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.
Excess TPX2 Interferes with Microtubule Disassembly and Nuclei Reformation at Mitotic Exit.
Updates on the Management of Thyroid Cancer.
The synthetic oleanane triterpenoid CDDO-Me binds and inhibits pyruvate kinase M2.
Lixisenatide Reduced Damage in Hippocampus CA1 Neurons in a Rat Model of Cerebral Ischemia-Reperfusion Possibly Via the ERK/P38 Signaling Pathway.
Identification and neuroprotective evaluation of a potential c-Jun N-terminal kinase 3 inhibitor through structure-based virtual screening and in-vitro assay.
Beta-arrestins operate an on/off control switch for focal adhesion kinase activity.
Clinical, morphological and genetic characterization of Brody disease: an international study of 40 patients.
Gilteritinib is a clinically active FLT3 inhibitor with broad activity against FLT3 kinase domain mutations.
CDK1 couples proliferation with protein synthesis.
Selective inhibition of Ph-positive ALL cell growth through kinase-dependent and independent effects by CDK6-specific PROTACs.
Platelet glycoprotein VI promotes metastasis through interaction with cancer cell-derived Galectin-3.
1,25-hydroxyvitamin D3 decreases endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced inflammatory response in mammary epithelial cells.
Transcriptional alterations of genes related to fertility decline in male rats induced by chronic sleep restriction.
Antithrombin III as predictive indicator of survival in IPF patients treated with Nintedanib: a preliminary study.
Glucocorticoid and brain-derived neurotrophic factor relationship: a brief investigation into the model of depression by chronic administration of corticosterone.
PRKAG2 Gene Expression Is Elevated and its Protein Levels Are Associated with Increased Amyloid-beta Accumulation in the Alzheimer \' s Disease Brain.
Feasibility and Reliability of Rapid Diagnosis of Myocardial Infarction.
GENE EXPRESSION IN PERIPHERAL BLOOD IN TREATMENT-FREE MAJOR DEPRESSION.
DNA-methylation-mediated activating of lncRNA SNHG12 promotes temozolomide resistance in glioblastoma.
Recent Advances in c-Jun N-terminal Kinase (JNK) Inhibitors.
miR-212-5p exerts tumor promoter function by regulating the Id3/PI3K/Akt axis in lung adenocarcinoma cells.
Detection and destruction of HER2-positive cancer cells by Ultra Quenchbody-siRNA complex.
Characterizing the Binding Sites for GK Domain of DLG1 and DLG4 via Molecular Dynamics Simulation.
Blockage of Autophagic Flux and Induction of Mitochondria Fragmentation by Paroxetine Hydrochloride in Lung Cancer Cells Promotes Apoptosis via the ROS-MAPK Pathway.
TRADD Mediates RIPK1-Independent Necroptosis Induced by Tumor Necrosis Factor.
Cancer Cells Expressing Oncogenic Rat Sarcoma Show Drug-Addiction Toward Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Antibodies Mediated by Sustained MAPK Signaling.
The Genetic and Molecular Basis for Canine Models of Human Leukemia and Lymphoma.
Adjuvant EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors in EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer: still an investigational approach.
Brigatinib for anaplastic lymphoma kinase-tyrosine kinase inhibitor naive anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer: an effective but still broken option.
Vandetanib-induced Phototoxic Drug Eruption Treated with Polypodium Leucotomos Extract: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Comprehensive Analysis of Copy Number Variations in Kidney Cancer by Single-Cell Exome Sequencing.
Transcriptional Profiling Reveals the Regulatory Role of CXCL8 in Promoting Colorectal Cancer.
Thermo-Sensitive Alternative Splicing of FLOWERING LOCUS M Is Modulated by Cyclin-Dependent Kinase G2.
Interleukin-2-Inducible T-Cell Kinase Deficiency Impairs Early Pulmonary Protection Against Mycobacterium tuberculosis Infection.
TNFalpha-Signaling Modulates the Kinase Activity of Human Effector Treg and Regulates IL-17A Expression.
WHI-2 Regulates Intercellular Communication via a MAP Kinase Signaling Complex.
The Pkn22 Kinase of Nostoc PCC 7120 Is Required for Cell Differentiation via the Phosphorylation of HetR on a Residue Highly Conserved in Genomes of Heterocyst-Forming Cyanobacteria.
MicroRNA-17-92 Regulates Beta-Cell Restoration After Streptozotocin Treatment.
Contribution of Connexin Hemichannels to the Decreases in Cell Viability Induced by Linoleic Acid in the Human Lens Epithelial Cells (HLE-B3).
Histamine H3 Receptor Antagonist Enhances Neurogenesis and Improves Chronic Cerebral Hypoperfusion-Induced Cognitive Impairments.
Steamed Panax notoginseng Attenuates Anemia in Mice With Blood Deficiency Syndrome via Regulating Hematopoietic Factors and JAK-STAT Pathway.
AMD3100 Attenuates Post-Traumatic Osteoarthritis by Maintaining Transforming Growth Factor-beta1-Induced Expression of Tissue Inhibitor of Metalloproteinase-3 via the Phosphatidylinositol 3-Kinase/Akt Pathway.
Butyric Acid Increases the Therapeutic Effect of EHLJ7 on Ulcerative Colitis by Inhibiting JAK2/STAT3/SOCS1 Signaling Pathway.
Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Huangqin Decoction on Dextran Sulfate Sodium-Induced Ulcerative Colitis in Mice Through Regulation of the Gut Microbiota and Suppression of the Ras-PI3K-Akt-HIF-1alpha and NF-kappaB Pathways.
Kang Le Xin Reduces Blood Pressure Through Inducing Endothelial-Dependent Vasodilation by Activating the AMPK-eNOS Pathway.
Simultaneous Knockdown of Sprouty2 and PTEN Promotes Axon Elongation of Adult Sensory Neurons.
Neurogranin Regulates Metaplasticity.
Phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitor AS605240 ameliorates streptozotocin-induced Alzheimer \' s disease like sporadic dementia in experimental rats.
5,6,7,4 \' -Tetramethoxyflavanone protects against neuronal degeneration induced by dexamethasone by attenuating amyloidogenesis in mice.
Pharmacophore-guided fragment-based design of novel mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors: Extra precision docking, fingerprint-based 2D and atom-based 3D-QSAR modelling.
The stress-activated protein kinase pathway and the expression of stanniocalcin-1 are regulated by miR-146b-5p in papillary thyroid carcinogenesis.
Toxicities of novel therapies for hematologic malignancies.
Gastropharyngeal Anastomotic Leak in Medullary Thyroid Carcinoma Following Initiation of a Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor: A Case Report of an Unusual Side Effect of Cabozantinib.
Kinobead/LC-MS Phosphokinome Profiling Enables Rapid Analyses of Kinase-Dependent Cell Signaling Networks.
[Effect of the focal adhesion kinase inhibitor TAE226 on the epithelial-mesenchymal transition in human oral squamous cell carcinoma cell line].
Vestigial suppresses apoptosis and cell migration in a manner dependent on the level of JNK/Caspase signaling in the Drosophila wing disc.
Autophagy stimulation and intracellular sodium reduction as mediators of the cardioprotective effect of sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors.
Yeast transformation stress, together with loss of Pah1, phosphatidic acid phosphatase, leads to Ty1 retrotransposon insertion into the INO4 gene.
HOXB5 suppression attenuates proliferation and elevates apoptosis in hepatoma cell lines through ERK/MDM2 signaling.
Astragalus polysaccharides alleviates LPS-induced inflammation via the NF-kappaB/MAPK signaling pathway.
Novel Illumina-based next generation sequencing approach with one-round amplification provides early and reliable detection of BCR-ABL1 kinase domain mutations in chronic myeloid leukemia.
P7C3-A20, a neuroprotective agent, alleviates fatty liver by inducing FGF21/FGF1 in a LKB1/AMPK/CRTC2-dependent manner and shaping gut microbiota.
Low shear stress damages endothelial function through STAT1 in endothelial cells (ECs).
TET2-mediated Cdkn2A DNA hydroxymethylation in midbrain dopaminergic neurons injury of Parkinson \' s disease.
Correction of ATM mutations in iPS cells from two ataxia-telangiectasia patients restores DNA damage and oxidative stress responses.
IGFBP6 Is Downregulated in Unstable Carotid Atherosclerotic Plaques According to an Integrated Bioinformatics Analysis and Experimental Verification.
A stress response p38 MAP kinase inhibitor SB202190 promoted TFEB/TFE3-dependent autophagy and lysosomal biogenesis independent of p38.
Synchronous Versus Metachronous Metastatic Disease: Impact of Time to Metastasis on Patient Outcome-Results from the International Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma Database Consortium.
Effects of pretransport diet, transport duration, and type of vehicle on physiological status of young veal calves.
Suppression of P-glycoprotein by cigarette smoke extract in human lung-derived A549/P-gp cells.
A Reservoir of Pluripotent Phloem Cells Safeguards the Linear Developmental Trajectory of Protophloem Sieve Elements.
Hydrogen sulfide promotes lipopolysaccharide-induced apoptosis of osteoblasts by inhibiting the AKT/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Cocoa tea (Camellia ptilophylla) induces mitochondria-dependent apoptosis in HCT116 cells via ROS generation and PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
New Challenges and Strategies for Cardiac Disease: Autophagy, mTOR, and AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
Urethral dysfunction in a rat model of chemically-induced prostatic inflammation: potential involvement of the MRP5 pump.
Ablation of Gsa impairs renal tubule proliferation after injury via CDK2/Cyclin E.
Exploitation of a novel phenothiazine derivative for its anti-cancer activities in malignant glioblastoma.
New HER2-negative breast cancer subtype responsive to anti-HER2 therapy identified.
Advances in elucidating the function of leucine-rich repeat protein kinase-2 in normal cells and Parkinson \' s disease.
EFNB2 facilitates cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma via the p53/p21 pathway and EMT.
Targeting SGK1 enhances the efficacy of radiotherapy in locally advanced rectal cancer.
Next-generation sequencing-based diagnosis of unexplained inherited hemolytic anemias reveals wide genetic and phenotypic heterogeneity.
Conformational landscapes of HER2 exon 20 insertions explain their sensitivity to kinase inhibitors in lung adenocarcinoma.
Contribution of FP receptors in M1 macrophage polarization via IL-10-regulated nuclear translocation of NF-kappaB p65.
PINK1-Parkin signaling in Parkinson \' s disease: Lessons from Drosophila.
High-mobility group box 1 protein participates in acute lung injury by activating protein kinase R and inducing M1 polarization.
The role of circulating soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 in patients with diabetic foot ulcer: A possible mechanism of pathogenesis via a novel link between oxidative stress, inflammation and angiogenesis.
Dracocephalum moldavica attenuates scopolamine-induced cognitive impairment through activation of hippocampal ERK-CREB signaling in mice.
Lignin-derived low-molecular-weight oxidized lignophenol stimulates AMP-activated protein kinase and suppresses renal inflammation and interstitial fibrosis in high fat diet-fed mice.
Synthesis, biological evaluation and molecular modeling study of 2-amino-3,5-disubstituted-pyrazines as Aurora kinases inhibitors.
Inhibitors Targeting RIPK1/RIPK3: Old and New Drugs.
The unc-51 like autophagy activating kinase 1-autophagy related 13 complex has distinct functions in tunicamycin-treated cells.
Deferasirox protects against hydrogen peroxide-induced cell apoptosis by inhibiting ubiquitination and degradation of p21WAF1/CIP1.
Enhanced antitumor potential induced by chloroacetate-loaded benzophenones acting as fused tubulin-pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 1 (PDHK1) ligands.
Luteolin alleviates methamphetamine-induced neurotoxicity by suppressing PI3K/Akt pathway-modulated apoptosis and autophagy in rats.
Hesperetin ameliorates DSS-induced colitis by maintaining the epithelial barrier via blocking RIPK3/MLKL necroptosis signaling.
Arg kinase mediates CXCL12/CXCR4-induced invadopodia formation and invasion of glioma cells.
CXCL11-CXCR3 axis mediates tumor lymphatic crosstalk and inflammation induced tumor promoting pathways in head and neck cancers.
Hippo Signaling Pathway has a critical role in Zika Virus Replication and in the Pathogenesis of Neuroinflammation.
Fulvestrant plus capivasertib versus placebo after relapse or progression on an aromatase inhibitor in metastatic, oestrogen receptor-positive breast cancer (FAKTION): a multicentre, randomised, controlled, phase 2 trial.
Intracellular signaling dynamics and their role in coordinating tissue repair.
Expanding the phenotype of the CDKL5 deficiency disorder: Are seizures mandatory?
Potential Role of Integrin alpha5beta1/Focal Adhesion Kinase (FAK) and Actin Cytoskeleton in the Mechanotransduction and Response of Human Gingival Fibroblasts Cultured on a 3-Dimension Lactide-Co-Glycolide (3D PLGA) Scaffold.
No effect of increasing protein intake during military exercise with severe energy deficit on body composition and performance.
Lysosome and Inflammatory Defects in GBA1-Mutant Astrocytes Are Normalized by LRRK2 Inhibition.
Meriolin1 induces cell cycle arrest, apoptosis, autophagy and targeting the Akt/MAPKs pathways in human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells.
STAT Signaling in Glioma Cells.
Recent Advances in Understanding Mechanisms of TGF Beta Signaling and Its Role in Glioma Pathogenesis.
Receptor Tyrosine Kinases: Principles and Functions in Glioma Invasion.
Cytoskeleton and Nucleotide Signaling in Glioma C6 Cells.
Cross-Talk in Nucleotide Signaling in Glioma C6 Cells.
The Role of AMPK Activation for Cardioprotection in Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity.
Reversal of Pathogen-Induced Barrier Defects in Intestinal Epithelial Cells by Contra-pathogenicity Agents.
The influence of photodynamic therapy on the Warburg effect in esophageal cancer cells.
Spatio-temporal characterization of the antiviral activity of the XRN1-DCP1/2 aggregation against cytoplasmic RNA viruses to prevent cell death.
MET targeting: time for a rematch.
HIPK2 suppresses tumor growth and progression of hepatocellular carcinoma through promoting the degradation of HIF-1alpha.
Association of Divergent Carcinoembryonic Antigen Patterns and Lung Cancer Progression.
Spirulina maxima extract prevents activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome by inhibiting ERK signaling.
Kinome Analysis of Honeybee (Apis mellifera L.) Dark-Eyed Pupae Identifies Biomarkers and Mechanisms of Tolerance to Varroa Mite Infestation.
Assessing diagnostic value of microRNAs from peripheral blood mononuclear cells and extracellular vesicles in Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Rapid and site-specific deep phosphoproteome profiling by data-independent acquisition without the need for spectral libraries.
IGF1-mediated human embryonic stem cell self-renewal recapitulates the embryonic niche.
Revisiting the pH-gated conformational switch on the activities of HisKA-family histidine kinases.
TBC1D9 regulates TBK1 activation through Ca2+ signaling in selective autophagy.
Replication and ribosomal stress induced by targeting pyrimidine synthesis and cellular checkpoints suppress p53-deficient tumors.
The Effects of Dexmedetomidine in a Rat Model of Sepsis-Induced Lung Injury are Mediated Through the Adenosine Monophosphate-Activated Protein Kinase (AMPK)/Silent Information Regulator 1 (SIRT1) Pathway.
Molecular Imaging of Cardiovascular Device Infection: Targeting the Bacteria or the Host-Pathogen Immune Response?
The histone demethylase JMJD2B regulates endothelial-to-mesenchymal transition.
CD8+ T Cells Require ITK-Mediated TCR Signaling for Migration to the Intestine.
Molecular mechanisms of acquired resistance to MET tyrosine kinase inhibitors in patients with MET exon 14 mutant NSCLC.
CRK2 and C-terminal Phosphorylation of NADPH Oxidase RBOHD Regulate Reactive Oxygen Species Production in Arabidopsis.
A rare form of dermatomyositis associated with muscle weakness and normal creatine kinase level.
DGKgamma knockout mice show impairments in cerebellar motor coordination, LTD and the dendritic development of Purkinje cells through the activation of PKCgamma.
Safety of synthetic and biological DMARDs: a systematic literature review informing the 2019 update of the EULAR recommendations for the management of rheumatoid arthritis.
Efficacy of pharmacological treatment in rheumatoid arthritis: a systematic literature research informing the 2019 update of the EULAR recommendations for management of rheumatoid arthritis.
Extracellular vesicles originating from glioblastoma cells increase metalloproteinase release by astrocytes: the role of CD147 (EMMPRIN) and ionizing radiation.
Diagnostic accuracy of sFlt1/PlGF ratio as a marker for preeclampsia.
CDKI-73 is a Novel Pharmacological Inhibitor of Rab11 Cargo Delivery and Innate Immune Secretion.
Targeting Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1 Receptor Delays M-Phase Progression and Synergizes with Aurora B Inhibition to Suppress Cell Proliferation.
The IGF-II-Insulin Receptor Isoform-A Autocrine Signal in Cancer: Actionable Perspectives.
Regulation of Osteoclast Differentiation at Multiple Stages by Protein Kinase D Family Kinases.
Allelic Variants of CRISPR/Cas9 Induced Mutation in an Inositol Trisphosphate 5/6 Kinase Gene Manifest Different Phenotypes in Barley.
Cyclin-Dependent Kinase and Antioxidant Gene Expression in Cancers with Poor Therapeutic Response.
Mitigation of Glucolipotoxicity-Induced Apoptosis, Mitochondrial Dysfunction, and Metabolic Stress by N-Acetyl Cysteine in Pancreatic beta-Cells.
Regulation of 8-Hydroxydaidzein in IRF3-Mediated Gene Expression in LPS-Stimulated Murine Macrophages.
Bioinformatics Analysis of Global Proteomic and Phosphoproteomic Data Sets Revealed Activation of NEK2 and AURKA in Cancers.
Post-Treatment with Erinacine A, a Derived Diterpenoid of H. erinaceus, Attenuates Neurotoxicity in MPTP Model of Parkinson \' s Disease.
The Amuvatinib Derivative, N-(2H-1,3-Benzodioxol-5-yl)-4-{thieno[3,2-d]pyrimidin-4-yl}piperazine-1-carboxamide, Inhibits Mitochondria and Kills Tumor Cells under Glucose Starvation.
The Fluoro-Thiazolylhydrazone Compound TSC-3C Inhibits Triple Negative Breast Cancer (TNBC) Cell Line Activity by Promoting Apoptosis, Regulating the MAPK Pathway and Inducing Mitochondrial Dysfunction.
A Review of ULK1-Mediated Autophagy in Drug Resistance of Cancer.
Marine Microorganism-Derived Macrolactins Inhibit Inflammatory Mediator Effects in LPS-Induced Macrophage and Microglial Cells by Regulating BACH1 and HO-1/Nrf2 Signals through Inhibition of TLR4 Activation.
JNK Signaling as a Key Modulator of Soft Connective Tissue Physiology, Pathology, and Healing.
Molecular Analysis of Membrane Targeting by the C2 Domain of the E3 Ubiquitin Ligase Smurf1.
Calmodulin-Binding Proteins in Muscle: A Minireview on Nuclear Receptor Interacting Protein, Neurogranin, and Growth-Associated Protein 43.
WNT5A-Induced Activation of the Protein Kinase C Substrate MARCKS Is Required for Melanoma Cell Invasion.
Automated screening of AURKA activity based on a genetically encoded FRET biosensor using fluorescence lifetime imaging microscopy.
Ras assemblies and signaling at the membrane.
Oxytocin may have a therapeutical potential against cardiovascular disease. Possible pharmaceutical and behavioral approaches.
CDK4/RB/E2Fs axis as potential therapeutic target of endometrial cancer.
The molecular mechanism of AhR-ARNT-XREs signaling pathway in the detoxification response induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in clam Ruditapes philippinarum.
The green tea polyphenol epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG) restores CDKL5-dependent synaptic defects in vitro and in vivo.
Cardiac Dysfunction after Burn Injury: Role of the AMPK-SIRT1-PGC1alpha-NFE2L2-ARE Pathway.
The Potential of the Novel NAD+ Supplementing Agent, SNH6, as a Therapeutic Strategy for the Treatment of Friedreich \' s Ataxia.
Synergistic activation of p53 by actinomycin D and nutlin-3a is associated with the upregulation of crucial regulators and effectors of innate immunity.
Roscovitine enhances All-trans retinoic acid (ATRA)-induced leukemia cell differentiation: Novel effects on signaling molecules for a putative Cdk2 inhibitor.
Nanomedicines blocking adaptive signals in cancer cells overcome tumor TKI resistance.
AcMNPV PKIP is required for hyperexpression of very late genes and involved in the hyperphosphorylation of the viral basic protein P6.9.
Leptin mediates protection of hydrogen sulfide against 6-hydroxydopamine-induced Parkinson \' s disease: Involving enhancement in Warburg effect.
Physical exercise increases ROCK activity in the skeletal muscle of middle-aged rats.
GPR30-expressing Gastric Chief Cells do not Dedifferentiate but are Eliminated via PDK-dependent Cell Competition During Development of Metaplasia.
REDD1 (regulated in development and DNA damage 1) prevents dermal adipocyte differentiation and is required for hair cycle-dependent dermal adipose expansion.
Yorkie Growth-Promoting Activity Is Limited by Atg1-Mediated Phosphorylation.
Oncogenic Signaling Alters Cell Shape and Mechanics to Facilitate Cell Division under Confinement.
Identification of Histone H3 and H4 Amino Acid Residues Important for the Regulation of Arsenite Stress Signaling in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Phosphorylation Time-course Study of the Response During Adenovirus Type 2 Infection.
Simultaneous quantification of palbociclib, ribociclib and letrozole in human plasma by a new LC-MS/MS method for clinical application.
Neurochemical characterization of mouse dorsal root ganglion neurons expressing organic cation transporter 2.
MicroRNA-338-5p alleviates cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury by targeting connective tissue growth factor through the adenosine 5 \' -monophosphate-activated protein kinase/mammalian target of rapamycin signaling pathway.
Effects of a Futsal Game on Metabolic, Hormonal, and Muscle Damage Indicators of Male Futsal Players.
Rare occurrence of central diabetes insipidus with dermatomyositis in a young male.
MK-2206 and Standard Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy Improves Response in Patients With Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2-Positive and/or Hormone Receptor-Negative Breast Cancers in the I-SPY 2 Trial.
Transient states and barriers from molecular simulations and milestoning theory: kinetics in ligand-protein recognition and compound design.
Role of the interferons in CD64 and CD169 expressions in whole blood: Relevance in the balance between viral- or bacterial-oriented immune responses.
Psychotropic drug initiation in patients diagnosed with chronic myeloid leukemia: a population-based study in France.
Patients with adenoid cystic carcinomas of the salivary glands treated with lenvatinib: Activity and quality of life.
Protein Kinase A Inhibitor H89 Attenuates Experimental Proliferative Vitreoretinopathy.
Efficacy and Prognostic Factors of Sunitinib as First-Line Therapy for Patients With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma in an Arab Population.
De novo heterozygous missense and loss-of-function variants in CDC42BPB are associated with a neurodevelopmental phenotype.
IPK2019: David Shugar and the genesis of the IPK conferences.
Tangeretin mitigates l-NAME-induced ventricular dysfunction and remodeling through the AT1R/pERK1/2/pJNK signaling pathway in rats.
Cellular mesenchymal epithelial transition (C-MET) gene copy number variation in gastric adenocarcinoma: A pilot search for new marker for targeted therapy in HER-2/neu resistance.
Molecular mechanisms of tobacco induced oral and oropharyngeal cancer: Results of a tissue microarray and immunohistochemistry-based study from a tertiary cancer center in India.
Role of Nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappaB) Signalling in Neurodegenerative Diseases: An Mechanistic Approach.
MicroRNA-582-5p reduces propofol-induced apoptosis in developing neurons by targeting ROCK1.
3-methyladenine inhibits procollagen-1 and fibronectin expression in dermal fibroblasts independent of autophagy.
[Experimental study of human amniotic mesenchymal stem cell exosome promoting fibroblasts migration through microRNA-135a].
Involvement of the TNF-alpha Pathway in TKI Resistance and Suggestion of TNFR1 as a Predictive Biomarker for TKI Responsiveness in Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Adherens junction remodelling during mitotic rounding of pseudostratified epithelial cells.
Docosahexaenoic acid prevents palmitate-induced insulin-dependent impairments of neuronal health.
Purpuric drug eruptions induced by EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors are associated with IQGAP1-mediated increase in vascular permeability.
S1P Signaling in the Tumor Microenvironment.
Rho-ROCK Signaling in Normal Physiology and as a Key Player in Shaping the Tumor Microenvironment.
Translational Landscape of mTOR Signaling in Integrating Cues Between Cancer and Tumor Microenvironment.
Neuropilin: Handyman and Power Broker in the Tumor Microenvironment.
Levels of satisfaction with rheumatoid arthritis treatment and associated alignment between physicians and patients across Latin America.
The beneficial effect of cold atmospheric plasma on parameters of molecules and cell function involved in wound healing in human osteoblast-like cells in vitro.
The PI3K pathway impacts stem gene expression in a set of glioblastoma cell lines.
Biological impacts of phosphomimic AtMYB75.
A cyclin-dependent kinase, CDK11/p58, represses cap-dependent translation during mitosis.
Altered T cell plasticity favours Th17 cells in early arthritis.
Identification of potential microRNAs and their targets in promoting gefitinib resistance by integrative network analysis.
Surgical outcomes of stage IV non-small cell lung cancer: a single-center experience.
Energy-stress-mediated AMPK activation inhibits ferroptosis.
BCAT2-mediated BCAA catabolism is critical for development of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Genomic profiling of metastatic uveal melanoma and clinical results of a Phase I study of the protein kinase C inhibitor AEB071.
An AMPK-caspase-6 axis controls liver damage in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Mechanism of homodimeric cytokine receptor activation and dysregulation by oncogenic mutations.
Cinnamaldehyde inhibits inflammation of human synoviocyte cells through regulation of Jak/Stat pathway and ameliorates collagen-induced arthritis in rats.
ER-resident sensor PERK is essential for mitochondrial thermogenesis in brown adipose tissue.
Statin-induced necrotising autoimmune myopathy and autoimmune hepatitis presenting with dysphagia.
Ataxia telangiectasia mutated interacts with Parkin and induces mitophagy independent of kinase activity. Evidence from mantle cell lymphoma.
Alternative polyadenylation drives oncogenic gene expression in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
c-Src phosphorylates and inhibits the function of the CIC tumor suppressor protein.
Successful Treatment of End-stage Renal Disease in a Patient With Chronic Myeloid Leukemia by Kidney Transplantation and Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors: A Case Report.
Delgocitinib ointment, a topical Janus kinase inhibitor, in adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis: A phase 3, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study and an open-label, long-term extension study.
[A case of Sweet syndrome in a patient receiving erlotinib for lung adenocarcinoma].
Breakdown of phospholipids and the elevated nitric oxide are involved in M3 muscarinic regulation of acetylcholine secretion in the frog motor synapse.
PP2A promotes ESCRT-0 complex formation on vacuolar membranes and microautophagy induction after TORC1 inactivation.
Glucocorticoid induces human beta cell dysfunction by involving riborepressor GAS5 LincRNA.
[Effect of ethyl pyruvate on mitochondrial dynamics of lipopolysaccharide-induced human kidney-2 cells].
[Endogenous nocciceptin/orphanin FQ affect ischemic arrhythmias in rats through Raf kinase inhibitor protein].
[Diammonium glycyrrhizinate promotes the regeneration and repair of central nervous system in rats with severe traumatic brain injury by Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway].
A rare combination of MODY5 and duodenal atresia in a patient: a case report.
Differential significance of molecular subtypes which were classified into EGFR exon 19 deletion on the first line afatinib monotherapy.
Tumour content ratio matters for detecting epidermal growth factor receptor mutation by cobas test in small biopsies; a retrospective study.
Morin supplementation modulates PERK branch of UPR and mitigates 1, 2 dimethylhydrazine induced angiogenesis and oxidative stress in the colon of experimental rats.
VE-Cadherin and Anastomosis of Blood Vessels Formed by Dental Stem Cells.
[Renal Cancer Tissue after Nivolumab/Ipilimumab Combination Therapy for Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma].
A-Kinase Anchoring Proteins Diminish TGF-beta1/Cigarette Smoke-Induced Epithelial-To-Mesenchymal Transition.
Short-Term Diet Restriction but Not Alternate Day Fasting Prevents Cisplatin-Induced Nephrotoxicity in Mice.
Metabolic and Proteomic Perspectives of Augmentation of Nutritional Contents and Plant Defense in Vigna unguiculata.
New Preclinical Development of a c-Met Inhibitor and Its Combined Anti-Tumor Effect in c-Met-Amplified NSCLC.
Contributions of Myosin Light Chain Kinase to Regulation of Epithelial Paracellular Permeability and Mucosal Homeostasis.
New Nrf2-Inducer Compound ITH12674 Slows the Progression of Retinitis Pigmentosa in the Mouse Model rd10.
Aurora B kinase is recruited to multiple discrete kinetochore and centromere regions in human cells.
Pituitary Adenylate Cyclase Activating Polypeptide Excites Proopiomelanocortin Neurons: Implications for the Regulation of Energy Homeostasis.
Patriscabrin F from the roots of Patrinia scabra attenuates LPS-induced inflammation by downregulating NF-kappaB, AP-1, IRF3, and STAT1/3 activation in RAW 264.7 macrophages.
Sweroside promotes osteoblastic differentiation and mineralization via interaction of membrane estrogen receptor-alpha and GPR30 mediated p38 signalling pathway on MC3T3-E1 cells.
Differential response to rituximab in anti-AChR and anti-MuSK positive myasthenia gravis patients: a single-center retrospective study.
Regulation of mesenchymal stem cell differentiation on microstructured titanium surfaces by semaphorin 3A.
Toxicologic evidence of developmental neurotoxicity of Type II pyrethroids cyfluthrin and alpha-cypermethrin in SH-SY5Y cells.
Phospho-PTM proteomic discovery of novel EPO- modulated kinases and phosphatases, including PTPN18 as a positive regulator of EPOR/JAK2 Signaling.
Flotillin and AP2A1/2 promote insulin-like growth factor receptor-1 association with clathrin and internalization in primary human keratinocytes.
Osimertinib plus savolitinib in patients with EGFR mutation-positive, MET-amplified, non-small-cell lung cancer after progression on EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors: interim results from a multicentre, open-label, phase 1b study.
A comparative analysis of fibroblast growth factor receptor signalling during Xenopus development.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG Attenuates Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Inflammation and Barrier Dysfunction by Regulating MAPK/NF-kappaB Signaling and Modulating Metabolome in the Piglet Intestine.
Betatrophin knockdown induces beiging and mitochondria biogenesis of white adipocytes.
The sympathetic innervation suppresses the autophagic-lysosomal system in brown adipose tissue under basal and cold-stimulated conditions.
Biologically Regulated Marrow Stimulation by Blocking TGF-beta1 With Losartan Oral Administration Results in Hyaline-like Cartilage Repair: A Rabbit Osteochondral Defect Model.
EGF-containing Membrane-bound Mucins: a hidden ErbB2 targeting pathway?
Cell death induced by dorsomorphin in adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma is AMPK-independent.
3-O-acetylrubianol C (3AR-C) induces RIPK1-dependent programmed cell death by selective inhibition of IKKbeta.
Untangling the contribution of Haspin and Bub1 to Aurora B function during mitosis.
[Reaserch Advance on Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis Review].
[Reaserch Advance on Bruton Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors in the Treatment of B-Cell Tumors--Review].
[Adiponectin Receptor Agonist AdipoRon Inhibits the Proliferation of Myeloma Cells via the AMPK/Autophagy Pathway].
[Mechanism of Sorafenib and Decitabine Inducing Apoptosis of Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Cells].
[Mechanism Inducing the HL-60 Cell Differentiation by Haishengsu Tegillarca Granosa Extract via Targeting ULK1 Protein].
[Analysis of the Relationship between Cytogenetic Changes and Course Evolution of Patients with CML during TKI Treatment].
[Relation of ASXL2 Gene Mutation with Clinical Characteristics, Prognosis and C-KIT Gene Mutation in AML Patients with AML1- ETO Fusion Gene].
[LY294002 Enhaces Chemosensitivity of K562 Cells to Daunorubicin].
[Effect of MiRNA-145 on Apoptosis of Leukemia HuT 78 Cells and Its Mechanism].
[Down-regulation of HDAC6 Expression Can Influence KG1alpha Cell Proliferation by Inhibiting ERK Pathway].
[Correlation of Early Minimal Residual Disease Level with Prognosis in AML Patients with NPM1 Mutation Positive after Chemotherapy].
[Dihydroartemisinin Induces AML cell Apoptosis by Inhibition of PTEN/AKT pathway].
[Analysis of Clinical Characteristics and Therapeutic Efficacy of Patients with Adult Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia].
[BAX Deletion Accelerates Progression of BCR-ABL-Induced B-ALL in Mice].
[Clinical Analysis of Dasatinib and Chemotherapy Followed by Allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation for Treatment of Patients with Philadelphia Chromosome Positive Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia].
Design, Synthesis and Molecular Modeling Studies of Novel Coumarin Carboxamide Derivatives as eEF-2K Inhibitors.
The PI3K/mTOR dual inhibitor NVP-BEZ235 stimulates mutant p53 degradation to exhibit anti-tumor effect on triple-negative breast cancer cells.
Quercetin radiosensitizes non-small cell lung cancer cells through the regulation of miR-16-5p/WEE1 axis.
KinCon: Cell-based recording of full-length kinase conformations.
Therapeutic potential of biochanin-A against isoproterenol -induced myocardial infarction in rats.
Neuronal HIF-1alpha in the nucleus tractus solitarius contributes to ventilatory acclimatization to hypoxia.
Ellagic acid protects ovariectomy-induced bone loss in mice by inhibiting osteoclast differentiation and bone resorption.
The apatinib inhibits breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231 in vitro by inducing apoptosis, cell cycle arrest, and regulating nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathways.
Early diagnosis, clinical management, and follow-up of cardiovascular events with ponatinib.
Systemic treatment of the metastatic renal cell carcinoma: usefulness of the apparent diffusion coefficient of diffusion-weighted MRI in prediction of early therapeutic response.
Low-intensity pulsed ultrasound promotes the expression of immediate-early genes in mouse ST2 bone marrow stromal cells.
Dedifferentiated Liposarcoma: Systemic Therapy Options.
PD-L1 expression and survival in p16-negative and -positive squamous cell carcinomas of the vulva.
Revolution of Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Therapy: the Chemo-Free Treatment Paradigm.
Colchicine selective interaction with oncogene RET G-quadruplex revealed by NMR.
Focal Adhesion Kinase Promotes Hepatic Stellate Cell Activation by Regulating Plasma Membrane Localization of TGFbeta Receptor 2.
Tolloid-Like 1 Negatively Regulates Hepatic Differentiation of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells Through Transforming Growth Factor Beta Signaling.
TGF-beta Signaling Plays a Pivotal Role During Developmental Biliary Atresia in Sea Lamprey (Petromyzon marinus).
LncRNA CAR10 Upregulates PDPK1 to Promote Cervical Cancer Development by Sponging miR-125b-5p.
New insights in the mode of action of anti-leishmanial drugs by using chemical mutagenesis screens coupled to next-generation sequencing.
Conversion of phosphoenolpyruvate to pyruvate in Thermoanaerobacterium saccharolyticum.
Use of a plasma test for verifying epidermal growth factor receptor gene (EGFR) mutations in fluid samples from non-small cell lung cancer patients.
Long non-coding RNA ERICH3-AS1 is an unfavorable prognostic factor for gastric cancer.
PIM kinase inhibition: co-targeted therapeutic approaches in prostate cancer.
Compound C enhances the anticancer effect of aspirin in HER-2-positive breast cancer by regulating lipid metabolism in an AMPK-independent pathway.
Comprehensive understanding of B7 family in gastric cancer: expression profile, association with clinicopathological parameters and downstream targets.
The Role of Akt2 in the Protective Effect of Fenofibrate against Diabetic Nephropathy.
Ibrutinib treatment inhibits breast cancer progression and metastasis by inducing conversion of myeloid-derived suppressor cells to dendritic cells.
The deubiquitinase OTUB1 augments NF-kappaB-dependent immune responses in dendritic cells in infection and inflammation by stabilizing UBC13.
Role of the imprinted allele of the Cdkn1c gene in mouse neocortical development.
ASK1 promotes uterine inflammation leading to pathological preterm birth.
mTORC1 coordinates an immediate unfolded protein response-related transcriptome in activated B cells preceding antibody secretion.
Reversal of CYLD phosphorylation as a novel therapeutic approach for adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma (ATLL).
A specific amino acid context in EGFR and HER2 phosphorylation sites enables selective binding to the active site of Src homology phosphatase 2 (SHP2).
Antagonizing binding of cell cycle and apoptosis regulatory protein 1 (CARP-1) to the NEMO/IKKgamma protein enhances the anticancer effect of chemotherapy.
CD73 sustained cancer-stem-cell traits by promoting SOX9 expression and stability in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Melatonin in Mitochondria: Mitigating Clear and Present Dangers.
PPM1A Controls Diabetic Gene Programming through Directly Dephosphorylating PPARgamma at Ser273.
The Unfolded Protein Response: A Novel Therapeutic Target in Acute Leukemias.
hNGF Peptides Elicit the NGF-TrkA Signalling Pathway in Cholinergic Neurons and Retain Full Neurotrophic Activity in the DRG Assay.
Nicotine Induces IL-8 Secretion from Pancreatic Cancer Stroma and Worsens Cancer-Induced Cachexia.
Kinase Inhibitor Treatment of Patients with Advanced Cancer Results in High Tumor Drug Concentrations and in Specific Alterations of the Tumor Phosphoproteome.
AMP-Activated Protein Kinase (AMPK) at the Crossroads Between CO2 Retention and Skeletal Muscle Dysfunction in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).
Beyond Kinase Activity: ERK5 Nucleo-Cytoplasmic Shuttling as a Novel Target for Anticancer Therapy.
Discovery of a Gatekeeper Residue in the C-Terminal Tail of the Extracellular Signal-Regulated Protein Kinase 5 (ERK5).
Lack of PKCtheta Promotes Regenerative Ability of Muscle Stem Cells in Chronic Muscle Injury.
[The influence of TP53 mutation on the therapeutic effect of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor and prognosis of EGFR mutant non-small cell lung cancer patients].
[The clinicopathologic features and prognostic analysis of pancreatic metastasis from clear cell renal cell carcinoma].
[The research status and development trend of EGFR gene exon 20 insertion mutant non-small cell lung cancer].
[Primary pancreatic ALK(+) anaplastic large cell lymphoma misdiagnosed as pancreatic cancer: a case report].
[The anti-proliferative and anti-inflammatory mechanisms of JAK1 inhibitor SHR0302 versus Ruxolitinib in SET2 cell line and primary cells].
[Comparison of nilotinib vs imatinib as frontline therapy in newly diagnosed patients with chronic myeloid leukemia in chronic phase].
[Fertility and disease outcomes in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia].
[Serum-and-glucocorticoid-inducible-kinase-2 is overexpressed and mediates glycogen synthase kinase-3beta/ beta-catenin signal transduction in hepatocellular carcinoma].
Development of a Novel One-Step Automated Rapid in situ Hybridization for Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase Rearrangement Using Non-Contact Alternating-Current Electric-Field Mixing.
[Atorvastatin-induced anemia accompanied by elevated serum LDH levels].
[Tyrosine kinase inhibitor maintenance therapy following allogenic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia].
Suppression of malignant potentials of A549 human lung cancer cell line by downregulation of the beta4-galactosyltransferase 1 gene expression.
Functional role of c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase-associated leucine zipper protein (JLP) in lysosome localization and autophagy.
The protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor, Genistein, delays intervertebral disc degeneration in rats by inhibiting the p38 pathway-mediated inflammatory response.
Genome-wide Screening Identifies SFMBT1 as an Oncogenic Driver in Cancer with VHL Loss.
Salt Sensing by Serum/Glucocorticoid-Regulated Kinase 1 Promotes Th17-like Inflammatory Adaptation of Foxp3+ Regulatory T Cells.
Methylglyoxal Scavengers Resensitize KRAS-Mutated Colorectal Tumors to Cetuximab.
Overexpression of p-Akt, p-mTOR and p-eIF4E proteins associates with metastasis and unfavorable prognosis in non-small cell lung cancer.
Synemin-related skeletal and cardiac myopathies: an overview of pathogenic variants.
The Physiological Modulation of Intracellular kinases on Hippocampal Gamma Oscillation in Vitro.
Plasma screening for the T790M mutation of EGFR and phase 2 study of osimertinib efficacy in plasma T790M-positive non-small cell lung cancer: West Japan Oncology Group 8815L/LPS study.
Pharmacokinetic Targets for Therapeutic Drug Monitoring of Small Molecule Kinase Inhibitors in Pediatric Oncology.
Ser/Thr kinase Trc controls neurite outgrowth in Drosophila by modulating microtubule-microtubule sliding.
Resistance to targeted treatment of gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors
NTRK fusions in osteosarcoma are rare and non-functional events.
Long noncoding RNA DUXAP8 contributes to the progression of hepatocellular carcinoma via regulating miR-422a/PDK2 axis.
LPS-induced inflammation desensitizes hepatocytes to Fas-induced apoptosis through Stat3 activation-The effect can be reversed by ruxolitinib.
The Brassica napus GATA transcription factor BnA5.ZML1 is a stigma compatibility factor.
Congenital heart defects in Noonan syndrome: Diagnosis, management, and treatment.
Comparative QSAR model generation using Pyrazole derivatives for screening Janus Kinase-1 inhibitors.
Therapeutic potential of combination therapy of soluble VEGF receptor 1 and conventional chemotherapy for ovarian cancer growth.
Phosphoproteomic analysis of STRIPAK mutants identifies a conserved serine phosphorylation site in PAK kinase CLA4 to be important in fungal sexual development and polarized growth.
Smad1/5 signal transduction regulates the ameloblastic differentiation of induced pluripotent stem cells.
Spinal protein kinase A and phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase signaling are involved in the antinociceptive effect of phytohormone abscisic acid in rats.
Creatine phosphokinase, a new marker in diagnosis of tubal ectopic pregnancy; A Systematic Review.
Progress in understanding the relationship between long noncoding RNA and endometriosis.
Treatment of necrobiosis lipoidica with combination Janus kinase inhibition and intralesional corticosteroid.
The Dark Side of Gefitinib: Reflectance Confocal Microscopy Applied to Hair Hyperpigmentation.
Paronychia and Periungual Granulation as a Novel Side Effect of Ibrutinib: A Case Report.
Cardiofaciocutaneous Syndrome Phenotype in a Case with de novo KRAS Pathogenic Variant.
Symptomatic CNS Radiation Necrosis Requiring Neurosurgical Resection During Treatment with Lorlatinib in ALK-Rearranged NSCLC: A Report of Two Cases.
Myositis Specific Autoantibodies: A Clinical Perspective.
Characterization of the Golgi scaffold protein PAQR3, and its role in tumor suppression and metabolic pathway compartmentalization.
Profile of Quizartinib for the Treatment of Adult Patients with Relapsed/Refractory FLT3-ITD-Positive Acute Myeloid Leukemia: Evidence to Date.
Anorexia, Hypertension, Pneumothorax, and Hypothyroidism: Potential Signs of Improved Clinical Outcome Following Apatinib in Advanced Osteosarcoma.
Saturated Fatty Acids in Obesity-Associated Inflammation.
Clinical Outcomes and Safety of Apatinib Mesylate in the Treatment of Advanced Non-Squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer in Patients Who Progressed After Standard Therapy and Analysis of the KDR Gene Polymorphism.
Propofol Inhibits the Migration and Invasion of Glioma Cells by Blocking the PI3K/AKT Pathway Through miR-206/ROCK1 Axis.
Up-Regulated CCDC34 Contributes to the Proliferation and Metastasis of Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Edaravone Ameliorates Renal Warm Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury by Downregulating Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in a Rat Resuscitation Model.
Metabolic Stability Assessment of Larotrectinib Using Liquid Chromatography Tandem Mass Spectrometry.
Sevoflurane Inhibits Proliferation and Invasion of Human Ovarian Cancer Cells by Regulating JNK and p38 MAPK Signaling Pathway.
Zhenqing recipe attenuates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by regulating the SIK1/CRTC2 signaling in experimental diabetic rats.
Alisol A-24-acetate promotes glucose uptake via activation of AMPK in C2C12 myotubes.
Paroxetine modulates immune responses by activating a JAK2/STAT3 signaling pathway.
Circular RNA circHIAT1 inhibits proliferation and epithelial-mesenchymal transition of gastric cancer cell lines through downregulation of miR-21.
Embelin impact on paraquat-induced lung injury through suppressing oxidative stress, inflammatory cascade, and MAPK/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Memory-enhancing effects of Ishige foliacea extract: In vitro and in vivo study.
Irisin induces trophoblast differentiation via AMPK activation in the human placenta.
Molecular action mechanism of anti-inflammatory hydrolysates obtained from brewers \'  spent grain.
Long noncoding RNA TCL6 binds to miR-106a-5p to regulate hepatocellular carcinoma cells through PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
Omega-3 and Omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids stimulate vascular differentiation of mouse embryonic stem cells.
JAK Inhibitors for Treatment of Psoriasis: Focus on Selective TYK2 Inhibitors.
Cost-Neutral Optimization of Pazopanib Exposure by Splitting Intake Moments: A Prospective Pharmacokinetic Study in Cancer Patients.
Suppression of migration, invasion, and metastasis of cisplatin-resistant head and neck squamous cell carcinoma through IKKbeta inhibition.
Identification of anaplastic lymphoma kinase fusions in clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
MicroRNA-299-5p inhibits cell metastasis in breast cancer by directly targeting serine/threonine kinase 39.
Inhibitory mechanism of muscone in liver cancer involves the induction of apoptosis and autophagy.
TGM3 functions as a tumor suppressor by repressing epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in colorectal cancer.
Brain tumours manipulate neighbouring synapses.
CAPA neuropeptides and their receptor form an anti-diuretic hormone signaling system in the human disease vector, Aedes aegypti.
Rac1 is a downstream effector of PKCalpha in structural synaptic plasticity.
A central role of IKK2 and TPL2 in JNK activation and viral B-cell transformation.
Sustained treatment of retinal vascular diseases with self-aggregating sunitinib microparticles.
Necrostatin-1 Alleviates Bleomycin-Induced Pulmonary Fibrosis and Extracellular Matrix Expression in Interstitial Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Long non-coding RNA NNT-AS1 promotes cholangiocarcinoma cells proliferation and epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition through down-regulating miR-203.
Control of XPR1-dependent cellular phosphate efflux by InsP8 is an exemplar for functionally-exclusive inositol pyrophosphate signaling.
The Aspergillus fumigatus Phosphoproteome Reveals Roles of High-Osmolarity Glycerol Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinases in Promoting Cell Wall Damage and Caspofungin Tolerance.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Cryptosporidiosis in Infants Implicates PRKCA.
A novel non-PPARgamma insulin sensitizer: MLR-1023 clinicalproof-of-concept in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Neuroprotective effects of andrographolide on chronic cerebral hypoperfusion-induced hippocampal neuronal damage in rats possibly via PTEN/AKT signaling pathway.
Tau-tubulin kinase 1 and amyloid-beta peptide induce phosphorylation of collapsin response mediator protein-2 and enhance neurite degeneration in Alzheimer disease mouse models.
Scopoletin ameliorates anxiety-like behaviors in complete Freund \' s adjuvant-induced mouse model.
Lung carcinoma with diffuse cystic lesions misdiagnosed as pulmonary langerhans cell histocytosis: a case report.
Targeted next-generation sequencing identifies novel variants in candidate genes for Parkinson \' s disease in Black South African and Nigerian patients.
Autophagy-based unconventional secretion of HMGB1 by keratinocytes plays a pivotal role in psoriatic skin inflammation.
A food-responsive switch modulates TFEB and autophagy, and determines susceptibility to coxsackievirus infection and pancreatitis.
CK2-Dependent Phosphorylation of the Brg1 Chromatin Remodeling Enzyme Occurs during Mitosis.
Baicalein Alleviates Liver Oxidative Stress and Apoptosis Induced by High-Level Glucose through the Activation of the PERK/Nrf2 Signaling Pathway.
Effects of High Forage/Concentrate Diet on Volatile Fatty Acid Production and the Microorganisms Involved in VFA Production in Cow Rumen.
Integrin Signaling in Glioma Pathogenesis: From Biology to Therapy.
Rhodiola rosea L. modulates inflammatory processes in a CRH-activated BV2 cell model.
AXL targeting abrogates autophagic flux and induces immunogenic cell death in drug resistant cancer cells.
Alteration of protein profile in cerebral cortex of rats exposed to Bisphenol A: A proteomics study.
Osthole relieves diabetics cardiac autonomic neuropathy associated with P2 x 3 receptor in rat stellate ganglia.
Onvansertib, a polo-like kinase 1 inhibitor, inhibits prostate stromal cell growth and prostate smooth muscle contraction, which is additive to inhibition by alpha1-blockers.
A Genetic Toggle for Chemical Control of Individual Plk1 Substrates.
Circular Noncoding RNA NR3C1 Acts as a miR-382-5p Sponge to Protect RPE Functions via Regulating PTEN/AKT/mTOR Signaling Pathway.
Structural Basis for Rab8a Recruitment of RILPL2 via LRRK2 Phosphorylation of Switch 2.
CCL21/CCR7 interaction promotes EMT and enhances the stemness of OSCC via a JAK2/STAT3 signaling pathway.
Targetable ERBB2 mutations identified in neurofibroma/schwannoma hybrid nerve sheath tumors.
A Fyn biosensor reveals pulsatile, spatially localized kinase activity and signaling crosstalk in live mammalian cells.
Regulated Necrosis in Pulmonary Disease: A Focus on Necroptosis and Ferroptosis.
From substrate to fragments to inhibitor active in vivo against Staphylococcus aureus.
Ex vivo excimer laser ablation of cornea guttata and ROCK inhibitor-aided endothelial recolonization of ablated central cornea.
Outer membrane protein OmpV mediates Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium adhesion to intestinal epithelial cells via fibronectin and alpha1beta1 integrin.
The extracellular calcium-sensing receptor promotes porcine egg activation via calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II.
apatinib-induced grade 3 hand-foot syndrome in advanced lung adenocarcinoma successful treated with thalidomide: a case report.
Regulation of hypoxia-inducible factor functions in the nucleus by sphingosine-1-phosphate.
Cerebral ischemia-reperfusion is modulated by macrophage-stimulating 1 through the MAPK-ERK signaling pathway.
PKM2 regulates angiogenesis of VR-EPCs through modulating glycolysis, mitochondrial fission, and fusion.
Characterization of cell signaling, morphology, and differentiation potential of human mesenchymal stem cells based on cell adhesion mechanism.
The NF-kappaB regulator IkappaBbeta exhibits different molecular interactivity and phosphorylation status from IkappaBalpha in an IKK2-catalysed reaction.
Inhibition of HDAC6 by tubastatin A disrupts mouse oocyte meiosis via regulating histone modifications and mRNA expression.
The Bruton \' s tyrosine kinase inhibitor ibrutinib abrogates bispecific antibody-mediated T-cell cytotoxicity.
Primary analysis of JUMP, a phase 3b, expanded-access study evaluating the safety and efficacy of ruxolitinib in patients with myelofibrosis, including those with low platelet counts.
Aurora kinase inhibitor tozasertib suppresses mast cell activation in vitro and in vivo.
Association between expression of AMPK pathway and adiponectin, leptin, and vascular endothelial function in rats with coronary heart disease.
MiR-29 inhibits neuronal apoptosis in rats with cerebral infarction through regulating Akt signaling pathway.
MiR-188 inhibits proliferation and promotes apoptosis of lung adenocarcinoma cells by targeting SIX1 to negatively regulate ERK signaling pathway.
Long non-coding RNA UCA1 promotes the progression of paclitaxel resistance in ovarian cancer by regulating the miR-654-5p/SIK2 axis.
Guiding Medicinal Chemistry with Fragment Molecular Orbital (FMO) Method.
Angiotensin III induces p38 Mitogen-activated protein kinase leading to proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells.
The oxidation and hypoglycaemic effect of sorafenib in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
mTOR in Lung Neoplasms.
Astrocyte-Derived Exosomal microRNA miR-200a-3p Prevents MPP+-Induced Apoptotic Cell Death Through Down-Regulation of MKK4.
Neuroprotective Effects of Deuterium-Depleted Water (DDW) Against H2O2-Induced Oxidative Stress in Differentiated PC12 Cells Through the PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
Quantitative Phosphoproteomic Analysis in Alpha-Synuclein Transgenic Mice Reveals the Involvement of Aberrant p25/Cdk5 Signaling in Early-stage Parkinson \' s Disease.
Combretastatin A-4 disodium phosphate and low dose gamma irradiation suppress hepatocellular carcinoma by downregulating ROCK1 and VEGF gene expression.
High-performance biosensing based on autonomous enzyme-free DNA circuits.
Anti-metastatic effects of arctigenin are regulated by MAPK/AP-1 signaling in 4T-1 mouse breast cancer cells.
Protective effect of microRNA-381 against inflammatory damage of endothelial cells during coronary heart disease by targeting CXCR4.
Resveratrol attenuates IL-33-induced mast cell inflammation associated with inhibition of NF-kappaB activation and the P38 signaling pathway.
Sialylation of FGFR1 by ST6Gal-I overexpression contributes to ovarian cancer cell migration and chemoresistance.
Lithium chloride increases sensitivity to photon irradiation treatment in primary mesenchymal colon cancer cells.
Roles of inflammation factors in melanogenesis (Review).
The peptide compound urantide regulates collagen metabolism in atherosclerotic rat hearts and inhibits the JAK2/STAT3 pathway.
Long non-coding RNA BCYRN1 promotes glycolysis and tumor progression by regulating the miR-149/PKM2 axis in non-small-cell lung cancer.
Laminin alpha5 modulates fibroblast proliferation in epidural fibrosis through the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway.
Silencing of RIPK4 inhibits epithelial-mesenchymal transition by inactivating the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway in osteosarcoma.
Regulation of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Expression and Morphology of Lung Epithelial Cells by Interleukin-1beta.
The molecular aetiology of tRNA synthetase depletion: induction of a GCN4 amino acid starvation response despite homeostatic maintenance of charged tRNA levels.
Interplay between the tyrosine kinases Chk, Csk and phosphatase PTPRJ is critical for regulating platelets in mice.
Refractory Takayasu arteritis responding to the oral Janus kinase inhibitor, tofacitinib.
Recurrent systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma: Rapid onset and resolution of cutaneous metastases.
Successful treatment of refractory tumor necrosis factor inhibitor-induced palmoplantar pustulosis with tofacitinib: Report of case.
Hair regrowth in 2 patients with recalcitrant central centrifugal cicatricial alopecia after use of topical metformin.
Exploring the Key Genes and Pathways in the Formation of Corneal Scar Using Bioinformatics Analysis.
Evaluation of the Cardiac Protection Conferred by Proanthocyanidins in Grape Seeds against Development of Ehrlich Solid Tumors in Mice.
Palmoplantar Pustulosis-like Eruption Induced by Baricitinib for Treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.
ATM, ATR and DNA-PKcs kinases-the lessons from the mouse models: inhibition   deletion.
Silencing of microRNA-517a induces oxidative stress injury in melanoma cells via inactivation of the JNK signaling pathway by upregulating CDKN1C.
TFAP2A Induced ITPKA Serves as an Oncogene and Interacts with DBN1 in Lung Adenocarcinoma.
Cdh1 functions as an oncogene by inducing self-renewal of lung cancer stem-like cells via oncogenic pathways.
Ophiopogon Saponin C1 Inhibits Lung Tumors by Stabilizing Endothelium Permeability via Inhibition of PKCdelta.
An optimized chemical-genetic method for cell-specific metabolic labeling of RNA.
Inhibition of the deubiquitinase USP10 induces degradation of SYK.
Targeting DUBs to degrade oncogenic proteins.
Beta-Glycerophosphate-Induced ORAI1 Expression and Store Operated Ca2+ Entry in Megakaryocytes.
A phosphorylation-based switch controls TAA1-mediated auxin biosynthesis in plants.
A rare gain of function mutation in a wheat tandem kinase confers resistance to powdery mildew.
Targeting ATRX Loss through Inhibition of the Cell-Cycle Checkpoint Mediator WEE1.
Recognition and activation of the plant AKT1 potassium channel by the kinase CIPK23.
Adaptive and mutational responses to peptide dendrimer antimicrobials in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
A Comparative Study of Small Molecules Targeting eIF4A.
A Giant Gastric Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor Successfully Resected Following Neoadjuvant Treatment With Imatinib Mesylate.
Prognosis of EGFR-mutant Lung Adenocarcinoma Patients With Malignant Pleural Effusion Receiving First-line EGFR-TKI Therapy Without Pleurodesis: A Single-institute Retrospective Study.
Prognostic Value of p16 Protein in Patients With Surgically Treated Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Relationship With Ki-67 and PD-L1.
Real Clinical Practice in ALK-rearranged NSCLC Patients: A Retrospective Observational Study.
Effect of Small-molecule Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors on PDGF-AA/BB and PDGFRalpha/beta Expression in SCC According to HPV16 Status.
Rosmarinic Acid/ Blue Light Combination Treatment Inhibits Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma In Vitro.
Relationship Between Adverse Events and Microbiomes in Advanced Hepatocellular Carcinoma Patients Treated With Sorafenib.
PGC-1alpha Regulates Cell Proliferation and Invasion via AKT/GSK-3beta/beta-catenin Pathway in Human Colorectal Cancer SW620 and SW480 Cells.
HER2 Gene Amplification in ER-positive HER2 Immunohistochemistry 0 or 1+ Breast Cancer With Early Recurrence.
Design and synthesis of Imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazine IRAK4 inhibitors for the treatment of mutant MYD88 L265P diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Mechanisms of resistance to mTOR inhibitors.
Mul-tiomics analysis of cadmium stress on the ovarian function of the wolf spider Pardosa pseudoannulata.
Anti-inflammatory effect of Acalypha australis L. via suppression of NF-kappaB signaling in LPS-stimulated RAW 264.7 macrophages and LPS-induced septic mice.
Metformin Attenuates Sevoflurane-induced Neurocognitive Impairment Through AMPK-ULK1-dependent Autophagy in Aged Mice.
Arsenic induces platelet shape change through altering focal adhesion kinase-mediated actin dynamics, contributing to increased platelet reactivity.
Photobiomodulation (450 nm) alters the infection of via the ROS/MAPK/mTOR signaling pathway.
The signaling interplay of GSK-3beta in myocardial disorders.
Salvianolic acid A increases the accumulation of doxorubicin in brain tumors through Caveolae endocytosis.
Melatonin attenuates vascular calcification by activating autophagy via an AMPK/mTOR/ULK1 signaling pathway.
Tanshinone IIA Improves Depression-like Behavior in Mice by Activating the ERK-CREB-BDNF Signaling Pathway.
Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors for the Treatment of EGFR Mutation-Positive Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: A Clash of the Generations.
Benefit of Post Mastectomy Radiation Therapy (PMRT) in Node-Positive, HER2-Positive Patients With Breast Cancer Receiving Anti-HER2 Treatments.
MicroRNA gga-miR-200a-3p modulates immune response via MAPK signaling pathway in chicken afflicted with necrotic enteritis.
Comprehensive analysis of PM20D1 QTL in Alzheimer \' s disease.
6 \' -O-galloylpaeoniflorin regulates proliferation and metastasis of non-small cell lung cancer through AMPK/miR-299-5p/ATF2 axis.
Insights on bio-degumming of kenaf bast based on metagenomic and proteomics.
Transcriptomic profiles of Dunaliella salina in response to hypersaline stress.
CDK1 in Breast Cancer: Implications for Theranostic Potential.
Research advances in the molecular functions and relevant diseases of TAOKs, novel STE20 kinase family members.
Cholesterol derivatives induce dephosphorylation of the histone deacetylases Rpd3/HDAC1 to upregulate autophagy.
Long-Lived Mice with Reduced Growth Hormone Signaling Have a Constitutive Upregulation of Hepatic Chaperone-Mediated Autophagy.
Wnt Pathway Gene Expression Is Associated With Arterial Stiffness.
Influenza A virus protein PB1-F2 impairs innate immunity by inducing mitophagy.
Impact of Janus Kinase Inhibition with Tofacitinib on Fundamental Processes of Bone Healing.
Capture Myopathy and Stress Cardiomyopathy in a Live-Stranded Risso \' s Dolphin (Grampus griseus) in Rehabilitation.
HDAC6-an Emerging Target Against Chronic Myeloid Leukemia?
Cancer Glycolytic Dependence as a New Target of Olive Leaf Extract.
PERK-Mediated eIF2alpha Phosphorylation Contributes to The Protection of Dopaminergic Neurons from Chronic Heat Stress in Drosophila.
Transcriptomic Analyses of Camellia oleifera  \' Huaxin \'  Leaf Reveal Candidate Genes Related to Long-Term Cold Stress.
Transcriptome Analysis of Rice Roots in Response to Root-Knot Nematode Infection.
Exploring the Role of Novel Medical Therapies for Aggressive Pituitary Tumors: A Review of the Literature-"Are We There Yet?"
Combined Inhibition of Epigenetic Readers and Transcription Initiation Targets the EWS-ETS Transcriptional Program in Ewing Sarcoma.
Heart of the World \' s Top Ultramarathon Runner-Not Necessarily Much Different from Normal.
Synthesis, Biological Assessment, and Structure Activity Relationship Studies of New Flavanones Embodying Chromene Moieties.
Lemur Tyrosine Kinase 2 (LMTK2) Level Inversely Correlates with Phospho-Tau in Neuropathological Stages of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Adenosine Suppresses Cholangiocarcinoma Cell Growth and Invasion in Equilibrative Nucleoside Transporters and Proline-Rich Homeodomain Protein-Dependent Pathway.
Enhancing Activity of Pleurotus sajor-caju (Fr.) Sing beta-1,3-Glucanoligosaccharide (Ps-GOS) on Proliferation, Differentiation, and Mineralization of MC3T3-E1 Cells through the Involvement of BMP-2/Runx2/MAPK/Wnt/beta-Catenin Signaling Pathway.
Synthesis, molecular docking and preliminary evaluation of 2-(1,2,3-triazoyl)-benzaldehydes as multifunctional agents for the treatment of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Label-Free Quantitative Proteomic Profiling of LAD2 Mast Cell Releasates Reveals the Mechanism of Tween-80-induced Anaphylactoid Reaction.
Toceranib phosphate in the treatment of canine thyroid carcinoma: 42 cases (2009-2018).
Mesenchymal stem cell-derived CXCL16 promotes progression of gastric cancer cells by STAT3-mediated expression of Ror1.
Knockdown of Linc00052 alleviated spinal nerve ligation-triggered neuropathic pain through regulating miR-448 and JAK1.
Is Phosphatidylinositol 3- kinase (PI3K) a Villain in Cystic Fibrosis?
Vitexin improves neuron apoptosis and memory impairment induced by isoflurane via regulation of miR-409 expression.
Efficacy of R-BAC in relapsed, refractory mantle cell lymphoma post BTK inhibitor therapy.
Impact of minimally invasive extracorporeal circulation on coagulation-a randomized trial.
The Identification and characterisation of autophagy inhibitors from the published kinase inhibitor sets.
Surface modification of polymeric electrospun scaffolds via a potent and high-affinity integrin alpha4beta1 ligand improved the adhesion, spreading and survival of human chorionic villus-derived mesenchymal stem cells: a new insight for fetal tissue engineering.
The Regulatory Effect of the Kinase Inhibitor PD98059 on Autophagic Flux During Trypsinogen Activation in Pancreatic Acinar Cells.
Eupatilin Ameliorates Cerulein-Induced Pancreatitis Via Inhibition of the Protein Kinase D1 Signaling Pathway In Vitro.
Arenobufagin Inhibits the Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Protein Kinase B/Mammalian Target of Rapamycin Pathway and Induces Apoptosis and Autophagy in Pancreatic Cancer Cells.
S-1 plus apatinib followed by salvage esophagectomy for irinotecan-refractory small cell carcinoma of the esophagus: A case report and review of the literature.
Case Report of acute myeloid leukemia with "WT1, ATRX, CEBPA, CSMD1, IKZF1, and LRP1B mutation and translocation between chromosome 1 and 19" developing from Philadelphia-negative chronic myeloid leukemia after TKI therapy.
Rare clinical presentations of pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma with a high proliferative index: Two case reports.
Myopathy after rapid correction of hyperthyroidism: A case report and review of literature.
Efficacy and safety of erlotinib combined with bevacizumab in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Efficacy and safety of programmed cell-death-protein-1 and its ligand inhibitors in pretreated patients with epidermal growth-factor receptor-mutated or anaplastic lymphoma kinase-translocated lung adenocarcinoma.
Fatal and extensive multiorgan hemorrhages in anti-melanoma differentiation-associated gene 5 antibody-positive dermatomyositis: An autopsy case report.
Extensive vitiligo associated to response to c-kit inhibitor in metastatic mucosal melanoma.
Tanshinone I regulates autophagic signaling via the activation of AMP-activated protein kinase in cancer cells.
Cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors plus aromatase inhibitor in first-line treatment hormone-receptor-positive/HER2-negative advanced breast cancer women with or without visceral disease: time to turn page?
A profile on cobas  EGFR Mutation Test v2 as companion diagnostic for first-line treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
The landscape of BCR-ABL mutations in patients with Philadelphia chromosome-positive leukaemias in the era of second-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors.
Osmostress enhances activating phosphorylation of Hog1 MAP kinase by mono-phosphorylated Pbs2 MAP2K.
AMPfret: synthetic nanosensor for cellular energy states.
Caenorhabditis Intervention Testing Program: the tyrosine kinase inhibitor imatinib mesylate does not extend lifespan in nematodes.
Monoubiquitination of p120-catenin is essential for TGFbeta-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition and tumor metastasis.
Efficacy and safety of nintedanib in a Greek multicentre idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis registry: a retrospective, observational, cohort study.
Roles of Membrane and Vesicular Traffic in Regulation of the Hippo Pathway.
Exposure to 3-Nitropropionic Acid Mitochondrial Toxin Induces Tau Pathology in Tangle-Mouse Model and in Wild Type-Mice.
Metastatic Perivascular Epithelioid Cell Tumor Of The Kidney: A Case Report With Emphasis On Response To The Tyrosine-Kinase Inhibitor Sunitinib.
The optional approach of oncogene-addicted non-small cell lung cancer with brain metastases in the new generation targeted therapies era.
Targeting BRAF mutations in non-small cell lung cancer.
Rationale and design of a phase II trial of osimertinib as first-line treatment for elderly patients with epidermal growth factor receptor mutation-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer (SPIRAL-0 study).
Patterns and risks of postoperative recurrence in completely resected EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer: prognostic significance of routine immunohistochemical markers.
Prognostic model based on circular RNA circPDK1 for resected lung squamous cell carcinoma.
Circulating tumor cells in lung cancer are prognostic and predictive for worse tumor response in both targeted- and chemotherapy.
Genetic alteration profile of EGFR-mutant resected IIB-IIIA stage NSCLC and correlation to clinical outcomes.
Antidiabetic Drug Metformin Ameliorates Depressive-Like Behavior in Mice with Chronic Restraint Stress via Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
A PAS-Containing Histidine Kinase is Required for Conidiation, Appressorium Formation, and Disease Development in the Rice Blast Fungus, Magnaporthe oryzae.
Combination Therapy With Tofacitinib Plus Intensive Granulocyte and Monocyte Adsorptive Apheresis as Induction Therapy for Refractory Ulcerative Colitis.
Immunohistochemical Expression of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor in Astrocytic Tumors in Iraqi Patients.
Regulation of immune response by S-1-propenylcysteine through autophagy-mediated protein degradation.
Mechanisms underlying the attenuation of chronic inflammatory diseases by aged garlic extract: Involvement of the activation of AMP-activated protein kinase.
NK cell-produced IFN-gamma regulates cell growth and apoptosis of colorectal cancer by regulating IL-15.
Involvement of neurotrophic signaling in doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity.
MicroRNA-665 promotes the proliferation of ovarian cancer cells by targeting SRCIN1.
Identification of differentially expressed protein-coding genes in lung adenocarcinomas.
Avicularin inhibits cell proliferation and induces cell apoptosis in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.
Expression profile analysis of dermal papilla cells mRNA in response to WNT10B treatment.
Enalapril attenuates endoplasmic reticulum stress and mitochondrial injury induced by myocardial infarction via activation of the TAK1/NFAT pathway in mice.
Metoprolol and bisoprolol ameliorate hypertrophy of neonatal rat cardiomyocytes induced by high glucose via the PKC/NF-kappaB/c-fos signaling pathway.
PYP1-4 peptide from Pyropia yezoensis protects against acetaminophen-induced hepatotoxicity in HepG2 cells.
A Novel D-Galacturonate Fermentation Pathway in Lactobacillus suebicus Links Initial Reactions of the Galacturonate-Isomerase Route With the Phosphoketolase Pathway.
Autoantibody Diagnostics in Neuroimmunology: Experience From the 2018 Italian Neuroimmunology Association External Quality Assessment Program.
A Novel Homozygous Variant in the Fork-Head-Associated Domain of Polynucleotide Kinase Phosphatase in a Patient Affected by Late-Onset Ataxia With Oculomotor Apraxia Type 4.
Zinc Inhibits HIF-Prolyl Hydroxylase Inhibitor-Aggravated VSMC Calcification Induced by High Phosphate.
Gaudichaudione H Inhibits Inflammatory Responses in Macrophages and Dextran Sodium Sulfate-Induced Colitis in Mice.
Astrocytes and Microglia Are Resistant to NAD+-Mediated Cell Death Along the ARTC2/P2X7 Axis.
Time To Response In Patients With Advanced Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase (ALK)-Positive Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Receiving Alectinib In The Phase II NP28673 And NP28761 Studies.
Poor Prognosis With Coexistence Of EGFR T790M Mutation And Common EGFR-Activating Mutation In Non- Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Proteomics analysis of the amygdala in rats with CFA-induced pain aversion with electro-acupuncture stimulation.
Silencing Of MAGI1 Promotes The Proliferation And Inhibits Apoptosis Of Glioma Cells Via The Wnt/beta-Catenin And PTEN/AKT Signaling Pathways.
Enhancing Radiotherapeutic Effect With Nanoparticle-Mediated Radiosensitizer Delivery Guided By Focused Gamma Rays In Lewis Lung Carcinoma-Bearing Mouse Brain Tumor Models.
Molecular and histopathological confirmation of clinically diagnosed lumpy skin disease in cattle, Baghdad Province of Iraq.
Signal Pathways and Therapeutic Prospects of Diffuse Large B Cell Lymphoma.
Licochalcone C induces cell cycle G1 arrest and apoptosis in human esophageal squamous carcinoma cells by activation of the ROS/MAPK signaling pathway.
Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor-121 Administration Mitigates Halogen Inhalation-Induced Pulmonary Injury and Fetal Growth Restriction in Pregnant Mice.
Aspirin Reduces the Potentiating Effect of CD40L on Platelet Aggregation via Inhibition of Myosin Light Chain.
Regioselective Synthesis of a C-4 \'  \'  Carbamate,C-6 \'  \'  n-Pr Substituted Cyclitol Analogue of SL0101.
Rapid Access to Kinase Inhibitor Pharmacophores by Regioselective C-H Arylation of Thieno[2,3-d]pyrimidine.
Epithelial PI3K-delta Promotes House Dust Mite-Induced Allergic Asthma in NLRP3 Inflammasome-Dependent and -Independent Manners.
Evidence for the Presence of Long-Lived Plasma Cells in Nasal Polyps.
Erratum: Cyclin Dependent Kinase 1 (CDK1) Activates Cardiac Fibroblasts via Directly Phosphorylating Paxillin at Ser244.
Pharmacological Properties of JTE-952, an Orally Available and Selective Colony Stimulating Factor 1 Receptor Kinase Inhibitor.
Pterostilbene Inhibits Human Renal Cell Carcinoma Cells Growth and Induces DNA Damage.
Toxicological Property of Acetaminophen: The Dark Side of a Safe Antipyretic/Analgesic Drug?
Quality Evaluation and Characterization of Fractions with Biological Activity from Ephedra Herb Extract and Ephedrine Alkaloids-Free Ephedra Herb Extract.
[Unraveling the Pathogenesis of Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Search for New Therapeutic Medicines].
Drug interactions for low dose inhaled nemiralisib - a case study integrating modelling, in vitro and clinical investigations.
Affinity shift of ATP upon glycerol binding to a glycerol kinase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Thermococcus kodakarensis KOD1.
Regulation of Polo Kinase by Matrimony Is Required for Cohesin Maintenance during Drosophila melanogaster Female Meiosis.
A synbiotic combination of Lactobacillus gasseri 505 and Cudrania tricuspidata leaf extract prevents hepatic toxicity induced by colorectal cancer in mice.
[Breast cancer in young women. Histological and prognostic specificities: how are they different from older women?]
The Placental Basis of Fetal Growth Restriction.
Abomasally infused saturated fatty acids with varying chain length differently affect milk production and composition, and alter hepatic and mammary gene expression in lactating cows.
The interplay between internal and external load parameters during different strength training sessions in resistance-trained men.
Vitamin C supplementation had no side effect in non-cancer, but had anticancer properties in ovarian cancer cells.
[The impact of KIT and other concomitant gene mutations on the prognoses of patients with core-binding factor acute myeloid leukemia].
A Phase I dose-escalation, pharmacokinetics and food-effect study of oral donafenib in patients with advanced solid tumours.
Involvement of active MKK9-MAPK3/MAPK6 in increasing respiration in salt-treated Arabidopsis callus.
Post-Essential Thrombocythemia Myelofibrosis and Multiple Isodicentric Y Chromosomes: A Unique Case among a Rare Association.
An Assessment of LRRK2 Serine 935 Phosphorylation in Human Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells in Idiopathic Parkinson \' s Disease and G2019S LRRK2 Cohorts.
Intraorganellar calcium imaging in Arabidopsis seedling roots using the GCaMP variants GCaMP6m and R-CEPIA1er.
Anti-inflammatory effects of an optimized PPAR-gamma agonist via NF-kappaB pathway inhibition.
Inhibition of inflammatory mediators and cell migration by 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinoline derivatives in LPS-stimulated BV2 microglial cells via suppression of NF-kappaB and JNK pathway.
(-)-Asarinin inhibits mast cells activation as a Src family kinase inhibitor.
Safety, Clinical Activity and Pharmacokinetics of Alflutinib (AST2818) in Advanced NSCLC Patients with EGFR T790M Mutation.
Participation of a MADS-box transcription factor, Mb1, in regulation of the biocontrol potential in an insect fungal pathogen.
Development of a potent and orally active activator of adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK), ASP4132, as a clinical candidate for the treatment of human cancer.
Stabilizing cardiac ryanodine receptor prevents the development of cardiac dysfunction and lethal arrhythmia in Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase IIdeltac transgenic mice.
Large-scale stage-specific regulation of gene expression during host-pathogen interactions in CSP44 bread wheat carrying APR gene Lr48.
G-protein-coupled estrogen receptor activation upregulates interleukin-1 receptor antagonist in the hippocampus after global cerebral ischemia: implications for neuronal self-defense.
Long non-coding RNA TTN-AS1 promotes tumorigenesis of ovarian cancer through modulating the miR-139-5p/ROCK2 axis.
Comparative pathology of human and canine myxomatous mitral valve degeneration: 5HT and TGF-beta mechanisms.
Resveratrol regulates muscle fiber type conversion via miR-22-3p and AMPK/SIRT1/PGC-1alpha pathway.
Nilotinib treatment of patients affected by chronic graft-versus-host disease reduces collagen production and skin fibrosis by down-modulating the TGF-beta and p-SMAD pathway.
Sphingosine kinase 1 is required for myristate-induced TNFalpha expression in intestinal epithelial cells.
Targeting the EphB4 receptor tyrosine kinase sensitizes HER2-positive breast cancer cells to Lapatinib.
The Rho guanine nucleotide exchange factor P-Rex1 as a potential drug target for cancer metastasis and inflammatory diseases.
Cyclin D Degradation by E3 Ligases in Cancer Progression and Treatment.
A proteomic signature for CNS adaptations to the valence of environmental stimulation.
Glycogen synthase kinase-3 signaling in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Insulin-like growth factor 1 signaling in motor neuron and polyglutamine diseases: From molecular pathogenesis to therapeutic perspectives.
High hydrostatic pressure induces atrial electrical remodeling through angiotensin upregulation mediating FAK/Src pathway activation.
A platform for studying the transfer of Chlamydia pneumoniae infection between respiratory epithelium and phagocytes.
Role of placental fibrinogen-like protein 1 in gestational diabetes.
Localized Inhibition of Protein Phosphatase 1 by NUAK1 Promotes Spliceosome Activity and Reveals a MYC-Sensitive Feedback Control of Transcription.
Asiaticoside Alleviates Cerebral Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury via NOD2/Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase (MAPK)/Nuclear Factor kappa B (NF-kappaB) Signaling Pathway.
An Integrated Analysis of the Safety of Tofacitinib in Psoriatic Arthritis across Phase III and Long-Term Extension Studies with Comparison to Real-World Observational Data.
Novel Treatment Strategies in the Management of Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia.
FAM83D promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition, invasion and cisplatin resistance through regulating the AKT/mTOR pathway in non-small-cell lung cancer.
MINI SEED 2 (MIS2) Encodes a Receptor-like Kinase that Controls Grain Size and Shape in Rice.
JAK inhibitors safety in ulcerative colitis: practical implications.
Parenterally Delivered Methionyl-Methionine Dipeptide During Pregnancy Enhances Mammogenesis and Lactation Performance Over Free Methionine by Activating PI3K-AKT Signaling in Methionine-Deficient Mice.
Quzhou Fructus Aurantii Extract suppresses inflammation via regulation of MAPK, NF-kappaB, and AMPK signaling pathway.
Correction: CD93 is expressed on chronic myeloid leukemia stem cells and identifies a quiescent population which persists after tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy.
CD19/CD22 chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy for refractory acute B-cell lymphoblastic leukemia with FLT3-ITD mutations.
Bauerane Induces S-Phase Cell Cycle Arrest, Apoptosis, and Inhibition of Proliferation of A549 Human Lung Cancer Cells Through the Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase (PI3K)/AKT and Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 3 (STAT3) Signaling Pathway.
Muscarinic modulation of SK2-type K+ channels promotes intrinsic plasticity in L2/3 pyramidal neurons of the mouse primary somatosensory cortex.
MANF ablation causes prolonged activation of the UPR without neurodegeneration in the mouse midbrain dopamine system.
Inhibition of BCL2 family members increases the efficacy of copper chelation in BRAFV600E-driven melanoma.
Blockade of EGFR improves responsiveness to PD-1 blockade in EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer.
Serine phosphorylation of the small phosphoprotein ICAP1 inhibits its nuclear accumulation.
The Role of pkc-3 and Genetic Suppressors in Caenorhabditis elegans Epithelial Cell Junction Formation.
Silencing GmFLS2 enhances the susceptibility of soybean to bacterial pathogen through attenuating the activation of GmMAPK signaling pathway.
Overexpression of a maize BR transcription factor ZmBZR1 in Arabidopsis enlarges organ and seed size of the transgenic plants.
Rice SnRK protein kinase OsSAPK8 acts as a positive regulator in abiotic stress responses.
ALK expressed in a gastrointestinal stromal tumor harboring PDGFRA p. D842V mutation:a case report.
Comparison of the SuperARMS and ARMS for detecting EGFR mutations in liquid-based cytology specimens from NSCLC patients.
Correction to: Targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor in non-small cell lung cancer cells: the effect of combining RNA interference with tyrosine kinase inhibitors or cetuximab.
Transcriptomic response to three osmotic stresses in gills of hybrid tilapia (Oreochromis mossambicus female x O. urolepis hornorum male).
Contribution of Pyk2 pathway and reactive oxygen species (ROS) to the anti-cancer effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in PC3 prostate cancer cells.
A survey of clinical and laboratory characteristics of dengue fever epidemic from 2014 to 2018 in Guangzhou, China.
A novel missense mutation in CAV3 gene in an Italian family with persistent hyperCKemia, myalgia and hypercholesterolemia: Double-trouble.
Impact of caloric restriction on AMPK and endoplasmic reticulum stress in peripheral tissues and circulating peripheral blood mononuclear cells from Zucker rats.
Targeting the IkappaB Kinase Enhancer and Its Feedback Circuit in Pancreatic Cancer.
CD74 signaling links inflammation to intestinal epithelial cell regeneration and promotes mucosal healing.
RNA-Seq analysis reveals that spring viraemia of carp virus induces a broad spectrum of PIM kinases in zebrafish kidney that promote viral entry.
ID1 overexpression increases gefitinib sensitivity in non-small cell lung cancer by activating RIP3/MLKL-dependent necroptosis.
Integrating Next Generation Sequencing with Morphology Improves Prognostic and Biologic Classification of Spitz Neoplasms.
Infliximab ameliorates tumor necrosis factor-alpha exacerbated renal insulin resistance induced in rats by regulating insulin signaling pathway.
Tumour lysis syndrome in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia treated with BCL-2 inhibitors: risk factors, prophylaxis, and treatment recommendations.
Bi-allelic Variants in TKFC Encoding Triokinase/FMN Cyclase Are Associated with Cataracts and Multisystem Disease.
THEMIS-SHP1 Recruitment by 4-1BB Tunes LCK-Mediated Priming of Chimeric Antigen Receptor-Redirected T Cells.
Malic enzyme facilitates D-lactate production through increased pyruvate supply during anoxic dark fermentation in Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
Splice Modulation Synergizes Cell Cycle Inhibition.
Evaluation of the PIK3 pathway in peripheral T-cell lymphoma and NK/T-cell lymphoma.
Knocking  \' em Dead: Pore-Forming Proteins in Immune Defense.
Protein S-palmitoylation is responsive to external signals and plays a regulatory role in microneme secretion in Plasmodium falciparum merozoites.
Nesfatin-1 suppresses interleukin-1beta-induced inflammation, apoptosis, and cartilage matrix destruction in chondrocytes and ameliorates osteoarthritis in rats.
Alkaloids as Anticancer Agents: A Review of Chinese Patents in Recent 5 Years.
Mesenchymal stem cell-conditioned medium rescues LPS-impaired ENaC activity in mouse trachea via WNK4 pathway.
MiR-335-5p inhibits beta-Amyloid (Abeta) accumulation to attenuate cognitive deficits through targeting c-jun-N-terminal kinase 3 in alzheimer \' s disease.
Unveiling the targets involved in quest of antileishmanial leads using in-silico methods.
Effects of erythropoietin pretreatment on single dose pentylentetrazole-induced seizures in rats.
Synthesis and Biological Validation of a Harmine-based, Central Nervous System (CNS)-Avoidant, Selective, Human beta-Cell Regenerative Dual-Specificity Tyrosine Phosphorylation-Regulated Kinase A (DYRK1A) Inhibitor.
Astaxanthin stimulates mitochondrial biogenesis in insulin resistant muscle via activation of AMPK pathway.
3 \' -(4-(Benzyloxy)phenyl)-1 \' -phenyl-5-(heteroaryl/aryl)-3,4-dihydro-1 \' H,2H-[3,4 \' -bipyrazole]-2-carboxamides as EGFR kinase inhibitors: Synthesis, anticancer evaluation, and molecular docking studies.
EnvZ/OmpR Two-Component Signaling: An Archetype System That Can Function Noncanonically.
Butyrate Inhibits Deoxycholic-Acid-Resistant Colonic Cell Proliferation via Cell Cycle Arrest and Apoptosis: A Potential Pathway Linking Dietary Fiber to Cancer Prevention.
A pathogen-derived metabolite induces microglial activation via odorant receptors.
Galectin-3 mediates pulmonary vascular endothelial cell dynamics via TRPC1/4 under acute hypoxia.
alpha2A -AR antagonism by BRL-44408 maleate attenuates acute lung injury in rats with downregulation of ERK1/2, p38MAPK, and p65 pathway.
Molecular structure, expression, and functional role of Clec11a in skeletal biology and cancers.
Effects of ticagrelor, empagliflozin and tamoxifen against experimentally-induced vascular reactivity defects in rats in vivo and in vitro.
Protective effects of naringin and trimetazidine on remote effect of acute renal injury on oxidative stress and myocardial injury through Nrf-2 regulation.
N-Acetyl cysteine prevents activities of STAT3 inhibitors, Stattic and BP-1-102 independently of its antioxidant properties.
PINK1 depletion sensitizes non-small cell lung cancer to glycolytic inhibitor 3-bromopyruvate: Involvement of ROS and mitophagy.
Increased DNA Damage and Apoptosis in CDKL5-Deficient Neurons.
Predicting octanol/water partition coefficients for the SAMPL6 challenge using the SM12, SM8, and SMD solvation models.
Neuroprotective Effects of Salidroside in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Pharmacophore-based designing of putative ROS-1 targeting agents for NSCLC.
PI3K inhibitors in thrombosis and cardiovascular disease.
Characterizing the antiviral effect of an ATR inhibitor on human immunodeficiency virus type 1 replication.
Genetic dissection of thousand-seed weight and fine mapping of cqSW.A03-2 via linkage and association analysis in rapeseed (Brassica napus L.).
Durable tumor regression in highly refractory metastatic KIT/PDGFRA wild-type GIST following treatment with nivolumab.
Statin-induced necrotizing autoimmune myopathy: an extremely rare adverse effect from statin use.
Toxoplasma gondii GRA8-derived peptide immunotherapy improves tumor targeting of colorectal cancer.
PDLIM4/RIL-mediated regulation of Src and malignant properties of breast cancer cells.
Demonstration of anti-tumour bystander killing with prodrug-preloaded suicide gene-engineered tumour cells: a potential improvement for cancer therapeutics.
Formation of neutrophil extracellular traps in mitochondrial DNA-deficient cells.
Localization and Accumulation Studies of Dacomitinib in Rat Intestines and Skin by Immunohistochemistry.
Gemcitabine induces Parkin-independent mitophagy through mitochondrial-resident E3 ligase MUL1-mediated stabilization of PINK1.
PRMT6-mediated H3R2me2a guides Aurora B to chromosome arms for proper chromosome segregation.
Dual functionalized brain-targeting nanoinhibitors restrain temozolomide-resistant glioma via attenuating EGFR and MET signaling pathways.
A RAF-SnRK2 kinase cascade mediates early osmotic stress signaling in higher plants.
ATR is a MYB regulated gene and potential therapeutic target in adenoid cystic carcinoma.
The GTPase KRAS suppresses the P53 tumor suppressor by activating the NRF2-regulated antioxidant defense system in cancer cells.
The non-canonical small heat shock protein HSP-17 from C. elegans is a selective protein aggregase.
Targeting of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 activity promotes elimination of chronic myeloid leukemia stem cells.
The quiescent fraction of chronic myeloid leukemic stem cells depends on BMPR1B, Stat3 and BMP4-niche signals to persist in patients in remission.
Copper sulfate-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress promotes hepatic apoptosis by activating CHOP, JNK and caspase-12 signaling pathways.
Anlotinib is effective in patients with advanced oral cancer?
Transcriptome sequencing reveals fibrotic associated-genes involved in bovine mammary fibroblasts with Staphylococcus aureus.
Exosomal proteome from the serum, bone marrow, and palm and toe pustular skin tissues of a single patient with SAPHO syndrome.
Different cellular properties and loss of nuclear signalling of porcine epidermal growth factor receptor with aging.
Theophylline enhances melanogenesis in B16F10 murine melanoma cells through the activation of the MEK 1/2, and Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathways.
Berberine in the treatment of metabolism-related chronic diseases: A drug cloud (dCloud) effect to target multifactorial disorders.
Novel antioxidant astaxanthin-s-allyl cysteine biconjugate diminished oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction to triumph diabetes in rat model.
The viral SUMO-targeted Ubiquitin Ligase ICP0 is phosphorylated and activated by host kinase Chk2.
Docosahexaenoic acid protects motor function and increases dopamine synthesis in a rat model of Parkinson \' s disease via mechanisms associated with increased protein kinase activity in the striatum.
Omentin-1 protects against high glucose-induced endothelial dysfunction via the AMPK/PPARdelta signaling pathway.
Epigallocatechin-3-gallate protects Wharton \' s jelly derived mesenchymal stem cells against in vitro heat stress.
Paediatric myasthenia gravis: Prognostic factors for drug free remission.
Discovery of thieno[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4(3H)-one derivatives as a new class of ROCK inhibitors.
Hi-JAK-ing the ubiquitin system: The design and physicochemical optimisation of JAK PROTACs.
Transcriptional Regulation at DSBs: Mechanisms and Consequences.
Dorsomorphin: A novel inhibitor of Dickkopf-1 in breast cancer.
Wwox deficiency leads to neurodevelopmental and degenerative neuropathies and glycogen synthase kinase 3beta-mediated epileptic seizure activity in mice.
Icotinib is as efficacious as gefitinib for brain metastasis of EGFR mutated non-small-cell lung cancer.
Aspirin has a better effect on PIK3CA mutant colorectal cancer cells by PI3K/Akt/Raptor pathway.
Synthesis, Biological and Computational Evaluation of Novel 2,3-dihydro-2-aryl-4-(4-isobutylphenyl)-1,5-benzothiazepine Derivatives as Anticancer and Anti-EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Agents.
A meta-analysis evaluating the relationship between B-type Raf kinase mutation and cervical lymphatic metastasis in papillary thyroid cancer.
Nuclear factor kappaB -inducing kinase is a diagnostic marker of gastric cancer.
Atypical myeloproliferative neoplasm with concurrent BCR-ABL1 fusion and CALR mutation: A case report and literature review.
Retrospective evaluation of established cut-off values for the sFlt-1/PlGF ratio for predicting imminent delivery in preeclampsia patients.
HER2-enriched subtype and pathological complete response in HER2-positive breast cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glycated albumin stimulates expression of inflammatory cytokines in muscle cells.
Chrysoeriol ameliorates TPA-induced acute skin inflammation in mice and inhibits NF-kappaB and STAT3 pathways.
MicroRNA-126 enhances the biological function of endothelial progenitor cells under oxidative stress via PI3K/Akt/GSK-3beta and ERK1/2 signaling pathways.
Bone dynamics and inflammation: lessons from rare diseases.
Identification of druggable kinase target conformations using Markov model metastable states analysis of apo Abl.
Long-term results of a phase 2 trial of nilotinib 400 mg twice daily in newly diagnosed patients with chronic-phase chronic myeloid leukemia.
Long-term results of frontline dasatinib in chronic myeloid leukemia.
EphA2 contributes to disruption of the blood-brain barrier in cerebral malaria.
Necroptosis in pancreatic cancer promotes cancer cell migration and invasion by release of CXCL5.
Bisindolemethane derivatives as highly potent anticancer agents: Synthesis, medicinal activity evaluation, cell-based compound discovery, and computational target predictions.
Ufmylation Is Activated in Renal Cancer and Is Not Associated with von Hippel-Lindau Mutation.
AKT-Dependent Phosphorylation of ADAR1p110 and ADAR2 Represents a New and Important Link Between Cell Signaling and RNA Editing.
Elevated Aldolase 1A, retrogene 1 expression induces cardiac apoptosis in rat experimental autoimmune myocarditis model.
Detection of AXL expression in circulating tumor cells of lung cancer patients using an automated microcavity array system.
How good are comparative models in the understanding of protein dynamics?
Expenditures for First- and Second-Generation Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors Before and After Transition of Imatinib to Generic Status.
Biological Characteristics and Molecular Mechanism of Fludioxonil Resistance in Botrytis cinerea From Henan Province of China.
Validated LC-MS/MS method for quantitation of a selective JAK1 inhibitor, filgotinib in rat plasma and its application to a pharmacokinetic study in rats.
Minimally invasive spine surgery in dogs: Evaluation of the safety and feasibility of a thoracolumbar approach to the spinal cord.
Gene Therapy Rescues Cardiac Dysfunction in Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy Mice by Elevating Cardiomyocyte Deoxy-Adenosine Triphosphate.
Next-Generation Sequencing Panel Analysis of Clinically Relevant Mutations in Circulating Cell-Free DNA from Patients with Gestational Trophoblastic Neoplasia: A Pilot Study.
Dissecting the Extracellular Complexity of Neuromuscular Junction Organizers.
Personalized Treatment of H3K27M-Mutant Pediatric Diffuse Gliomas Provides Improved Therapeutic Opportunities.
Glycyrrhizic Acid-Induced Differentiation Repressed Stemness in Hepatocellular Carcinoma by Targeting c-Jun N-Terminal Kinase 1.
Centella asiatica (Gotu kola) ethanol extract up-regulates hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), tyrosine kinase B (TrkB) and extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) signaling in chronic electrical stress model in rats.
Aronia melanocarpa Prevents Alcohol-Induced Chronic Liver Injury via Regulation of Nrf2 Signaling in C57BL/6 Mice.
FgRad50 Regulates Fungal Development, Pathogenicity, Cell Wall Integrity and the DNA Damage Response in Fusarium graminearum.
Role of OCT4 in the Regulation of FSH-Induced Granulosa Cells Growth in Female Mice.
Regulatory Role of RNA N6-Methyladenosine Modification in Bone Biology and Osteoporosis.
Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP): A Segmental Progeroid Syndrome.
Differentiated Thyroid Cancer, From Active Surveillance to Advanced Therapy: Toward a Personalized Medicine.
Evidence in Favor of an Alternative Glucocorticoid Synthesis Pathway During Acute Experimental Chagas Disease.
Novel Desmin Mutation Causing Myofibrillar Myopathy in a Hmong Family.
Necrosulfonamide Ameliorates Neurological Impairment in Spinal Cord Injury by Improving Antioxidative Capacity.
Compound 15c, a Novel Dual Inhibitor of EGFRL858R/T790M and FGFR1, Efficiently Overcomes Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor-Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Resistance of Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancers.
Doxorubicin Induces Endotheliotoxicity and Mitochondrial Dysfunction via ROS/eNOS/NO Pathway.
Allopregnanolone Modulates GABAAR-Dependent CaMKIIdelta3 and BDNF to Protect SH-SY5Y Cells Against 6-OHDA-Induced Damage.
Differential Expression Profiles and Functional Prediction of tRNA-Derived Small RNAs in Rats After Traumatic Spinal Cord Injury.
Durable Molecular Remission in a Lymphoid BP-CML Patient Harboring T315I Mutation Treated with Anti-CD19 CAR-T Therapy.
The roles of atypical protein kinase Cs (aPKCs) in the nervous system: targets for neuroregeneration?
Identification of a Primary Renal AT2 Receptor Defect in Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats.
Stabilization of the TAK1 adaptor proteins TAB2 and TAB3 is critical for optimal NF-kappaB activation.
Phospho-inositide-dependent kinase 1 regulates signal dependent translation in megakaryocytes and platelets.
RACK1 promotes cancer progression by increasing the M2/M1 macrophage ratio via the NF-kappaB pathway in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
The structure of the Legionella response regulator LqsR reveals amino acids critical for phosphorylation and dimerization.
It Takes Two to Tango: Activation of Protein Kinase D by Dimerization.
Receptor-Interacting Protein Kinase 3 (RIPK3) inhibits autophagic flux during necroptosis in intestinal epithelial cells.
Beyond the concept of cold and hot tumors for the development of novel predictive biomarkers and the rational design of immunotherapy combination.
Engineering substrate and energy metabolism for living cell production of cytidine-5 \' -diphosphocholine.
Effects of Butylparaben Supplementation on In Vitro Development of Mouse Preantral Follicle.
Silencing of Long Non-coding RNA GAS5 Suppresses Neuron Cell Apoptosis and Nerve Injury in Ischemic Stroke Through Inhibiting DNMT3B-Dependent MAP4K4 Methylation.
Band 3 ectopic expression in colorectal cancer induces an increase in erythrocyte membrane-bound IgG and may cause immune-related anemia.
Adenosine-to-inosine RNA editing in the immune system: friend or foe?
Aurora B induces epithelial-mesenchymal transition by stabilizing Snail1 to promote basal-like breast cancer metastasis.
Activation of pH-Sensing Receptor OGR1 (GPR68) Induces ER Stress Via the IRE1alpha/JNK Pathway in an Intestinal Epithelial Cell Model.
Positive surface charge of GluN1 N-terminus mediates the direct interaction with EphB2 and NMDAR mobility.
mTORC2-AKT signaling to ATP-citrate lyase drives brown adipogenesis and de novo lipogenesis.
Chromatin mapping and single-cell immune profiling define the temporal dynamics of ibrutinib response in CLL.
Involvement of TRPV4 ionotropic channel in tongue mechanical hypersensitivity in dry-tongue rats.
ASK1 inhibition reduces cell death and hepatic fibrosis in an Nlrp3 mutant liver injury model.
Furry protein suppresses nuclear localization of yes-associated protein (YAP) by activating NDR kinase and binding to YAP.
The yeast protein Ubx4p contributes to mitochondrial respiration and lithium-galactose-mediated activation of the unfolded protein response.
The evolutionarily conserved MAPK/Erk signaling promotes ancestral T-cell immunity in fish via c-Myc-mediated glycolysis.
Evaluation of artesunate for the treatment of adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma.
Intratracheal GLP-1 receptor agonist treatment up-regulates mucin via p38 and exacerbates emphysematous phenotype in mucus hypersecretory obstructive lung diseases.
Resveratrol protects against CIH-induced myocardial injury by targeting Nrf2 and blocking NLRP3 inflammasome activation.
Fowlerstefin, a cysteine protease inhibitor of Naegleria fowleri, induces inflammatory responses in BV-2 microglial cells in vitro.
Spatio-temporal expression profile of NGF and the two-receptor system, TrkA and p75NTR, in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
pSpatiocyte: a high-performance simulator for intracellular reaction-diffusion systems.
Emerging bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitors for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia: one step ahead ibrutinib.
Soluble Uric Acid Promotes Atherosclerosis via AMPK (AMP-Activated Protein Kinase)-Mediated Inflammation.
Baricitinib in Patients with Moderate-to-Severe Atopic Dermatitis and Inadequate Response to Topical Corticosteroids: Results from Two Randomised Monotherapy Phase 3 Trials.
PRMT1 Is Recruited via DNA-PK to Chromatin Where It Sustains the Senescence-Associated Secretory Phenotype in Response to Cisplatin.
Exploring Conformational Change of Adenylate Kinase by Replica Exchange Molecular Dynamic Simulation.
Metabolic syndrome diminishes insulin-induced Akt activation and causes a redistribution of Akt-interacting proteins in cardiomyocytes.
Pomegranate extract inhibits migration and invasion of oral cancer cells by downregulating matrix metalloproteinase-2/9 and epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Rational design and improvement of the dimerization-disrupting peptide selectivity between ROCK-I and ROCK-II kinase isoforms in cerebrovascular diseases.
Vps35 Deficiency Impairs Cdk5/p35 Degradation and Promotes the Hyperphosphorylation of Tau Protein in Retinal Ganglion Cells.
Notochord vacuoles absorb compressive bone growth during zebrafish spine formation.
Selective inhibitors for JNK signalling: a potential targeted therapy in cancer.
Inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase-3beta protects against collagen type II-induced arthritis associated with the inhibition of miR155/24 and inflammation and upregulation of apoptosis in rats.
The expression of zinc finger 804a (ZNF804a) and cyclin-dependent kinase 1 (CDK1) genes is related to the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis.
Suppressed LPS-mediated TLR4 signaling in the plateau zokor (Eospalax baileyi) compared to the bamboo rat (Rhizomys pruinosus) and rat (Rattus norvegicus).
Fyn-mediated phosphorylation of Pyk2 promotes its activation and dissociation downstream of gonadotropin-releasing hormone receptor.
Frequent EGFR expression/EGFR amplification and lack of activating mutation in testicular choriocarcinoma.
Proto-oncogene serine/threonine kinase PIM3 promotes cell migration via modulating Rho GTPase signaling.
Upregulation of AMPA receptor GluA1 phosphorylation by blocking adenosine A1 receptors in the male rat forebrain.
Loss of myeloid differentiation protein 1 promotes atrial fibrillationin heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.
An in vitro mimic of in-cell solvation for protein folding studies.
A new sensitive and subunit-selective molecular tool for investigating protein kinase A in the brain.
Recurrent RET Gene Fusions in Pediatric Spindle Mesenchymal Neoplasms.
Five-year survival follow-up of a phase III randomised trial comparing ofatumumab versus physicians \'  choice for bulky fludarabine-refractory chronic lymphocytic leukaemia: a short report.
The protective effect of metformin in scopolamine-induced learning and memory impairment in rats.
Regulation of PKB/Akt-pathway in the chemopreventive effect of lactoferrin against diethylnitrosamine-induced hepatocarcinogenesis in rats.
Erratum to "Metformin has adenosine-monophosphate activated protein kinase (AMPK)-independent effects on LPS-stimulated rat primary microglial cultures".
Erratum to "Exenatide (a GLP-1 agonist) expresses anti-inflammatory properties in cultured human monocytes/macrophages in A protein kinase A and B/Akt manner".
SEOM clinical guideline for treatment of kidney cancer (2019).
The Function of NM23-H1/NME1 and Its Homologs in Major Processes Linked to Metastasis.
mTORC1 directly inhibits AMPK to promote cell proliferation under nutrient stress.
Molecular switches in signaling networks as a mechanism of action for oncogenic mutations in proximity of tyrosine residues.
Selective autophagic degradation of the IKK complex in Drosophila is mediated by Kenny/IKKgamma to control inflammation.
Tofacitinib shows benefit in conjunction with other therapies in recalcitrant hidradenitis suppurativa patients.
Improved HaloTag Ligand Enables BRET Imaging With NanoLuc.
How to B(e)-1 Important Cell During Leishmania Infection.
Insulin-like growth factor 1 modulates the phosphorylation, expression, and activity of organic anion transporter 3 through protein kinase A signaling pathway.
Regulation of expression of drug-metabolizing enzymes by oncogenic signaling pathways in liver tumors: a review.
Solute carrier transporters: the metabolic gatekeepers of immune cells.
Cytochrome P450 endoplasmic reticulum-associated degradation (ERAD): therapeutic and pathophysiological implications.
Xenobiotic receptors in mediating the effect of sepsis on drug metabolism.
Rice-derived peptide AAGALPS inhibits TNF-alpha-induced inflammation and oxidative stress in vascular endothelial cells.
Camellia (Camellia oleifera Abel.) seed oil promotes milk fat and protein synthesis-related gene expression in bovine mammary epithelial cells.
Protein Kinase Ime2 Is Required for Mycelial Growth, Conidiation, Osmoregulation, and Pathogenicity in Nematode-Trapping Fungus Arthrobotrys oligospora.
Inflammatory Effects of High and Moderate Intensity Exercise-A Systematic Review.
HSP90A inhibition promotes anti-tumor immunity by reversing multi-modal resistance and stem-like property of immune-refractory tumors.
Mapping proteome-wide targets of protein kinases in plant stress responses.
A Novel Legionella Genomic Island Encodes a Copper-Responsive Regulatory System and a Single Icm/Dot Effector Protein Transcriptionally Activated by Copper.
MicroRNA-889 Inhibits Autophagy To Maintain Mycobacterial Survival in Patients with Latent Tuberculosis Infection by Targeting TWEAK.
A Novel Resistance Pathway for Calcineurin Inhibitors in the Human-Pathogenic Mucorales Mucor circinelloides.
Inhibition of the SRC kinase HCK impairs STAT3-dependent gastric tumor growth in mice.
Single-cell Proteomic Profiling Identifies Combined AXL and JAK1 Inhibition as a Novel Therapeutic Strategy for Lung Cancer.
VEGFR-2 inhibiting effect and molecular modeling of newly synthesized coumarin derivatives as anti-breast cancer agents.
Preclinical efficacy for a novel tyrosine kinase inhibitor, ArQule 531 against acute myeloid leukemia.
Clinical and economic outcomes of treatment sequences for intermediate- to poor-risk advanced renal cell carcinoma.
Altering Sphingolipid Metabolism Attenuates Cell Death and Inflammatory Response after Myocardial Infarction.
Sesamol Alleviates Obesity-Related Hepatic Steatosis via Activating Hepatic PKA Pathway.
A-Kinase Anchoring Protein 1: Emerging Roles in Regulating Mitochondrial Form and Function in Health and Disease.
The Effects of Early-Onset Pre-Eclampsia on Placental Creatine Metabolism in the Third Trimester.
Early Changes in Circulating FGF19 and Ang-2 Levels as Possible Predictive Biomarkers of Clinical Response to Lenvatinib Therapy in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Alpha-1 Adrenergic Receptors Modulate Glutamate and GABA Neurotransmission onto Ventral Tegmental Dopamine Neurons during Cocaine Sensitization.
Exercise-Induced Muscle Damage and Cardiac Stress During a Marathon Could be Associated with Dietary Intake During the Week Before the Race.
Asiatic Acid, Extracted from Centella asiatica and Induces Apoptosis Pathway through the Phosphorylation p38 Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase in Cisplatin-Resistant Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Cells.
Structure-Activity Relationship of HER2 Receptor Targeting Peptide and Its Derivatives in Targeted Tumor Therapy.
Smad Phospho-Isoforms for Hepatocellular Carcinoma Risk Assessment in Patients with Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
The Role of Calmodulin in Tumor Cell Migration, Invasiveness, and Metastasis.
FAK Structure and Regulation by Membrane Interactions and Force in Focal Adhesions.
High-dose Nitroglycerin Administered during Rewarming Preserves Erythrocyte Deformability in Cardiac Surgery with Cardiopulmonary Bypass.
Tumor angiogenesis and c-Met pathway activation - implications in breast cancer.
Natural flavone tricetin suppresses oxidized LDL-induced endothelial inflammation mediated by Egr-1.
Discovery of novel cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) and histone deacetylase (HDAC) dual inhibitors with potent in vitro and in vivo anticancer activity.
Wogonin inhibits cell cycle progression by activating the glycogen synthase kinase-3 beta in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Targeted degradation of anaplastic lymphoma kinase by gold nanoparticle-based multi-headed proteolysis targeting chimeras.
Memory-enhancing effects of 7,3 \' ,4 \' -trihydroxyisoflavone by regulation of cholinergic function and BDNF signaling pathway in mice.
CSN5 upregulates glycolysis to promote hepatocellular carcinoma metastasis via stabilizing the HK2 protein.
Metabolic Control over mTOR-Dependent Diapause-like State.
Autophagy of an Amyloid-like Translational Repressor Regulates Meiotic Exit.
Under Arrest: The Embryo in Diapause.
Mechanism of Activation of AMPK by Cordycepin.
Identify potential clinical significance of long noncoding RNA forkhead box P4 antisense RNA 1 in patients with early stage pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Triosephosphate isomerase, carbonic anhydrase, and creatinine kinase-brain isoform are possible antigen targets in patients with achalasia.
Detection of plasma EGFR mutations for personalized treatment of lung cancer patients without pathologic diagnosis.
Structural evolution drives diversification of the large LRR-RLK gene family.
Ponatinib treatment in chronic myeloid leukemia cell lines targets aurora kinase A/FOXM1 axis.
The Histone Methyltransferase G9a Promotes Cholangiocarcinogenesis through Regulation of the Hippo Pathway Kinase LATS2 and YAP Signaling Pathway.
Regnase-1 degradation is crucial for interleukin-33- and interleukin-25-mediated ILC2 activation.
Mechanisms underlying disruption of oocyte spindle stability by bisphenol compounds.
IMMUNOREGULATION OF THE DECIDUALIZATION PROGRAM: FOCUS ON THE ENDOPLASMIC RETICULUM STRESS.
PGRN exerts inflammatory effects via SIRT1-NF-kappaB in adipose insulin resistance.
Protective effect of N-acetyl cysteine against radiotherapy-induced cardiac damage.
FGFR1 is associated with c-MYC and proangiogenic molecules in metastatic renal cell carcinoma under anti-angiogenic therapy.
Aqueous solubility of beryllium(II) at physiological pH: effects of buffer composition and counterions.
Antihepatoma activity of multifunctional polymeric nanoparticles via inhibition of microtubules and tyrosine kinases.
GsSnRK1 Interplays with Transcription Factor GsERF7 from Wild Soybean to Regulate Soybean Stress Resistance.
Downregulation of uPAR promotes urokinase translocation into the nucleus and epithelial to mesenchymal transition in neuroblastoma.
miR-26a attenuates cardiac apoptosis and fibrosis by targeting ataxia-telangiectasia mutated in myocardial infarction.
Ionic fluorescent sensor targeting receptor tyrosine kinases for biosystems imaging and application in flow cytometry.
The danger of being too sympathetic: norepinephrine in Alzheimer \' s Disease and greying of hair.
Streptomyces sp. BV410 isolate from chamomile rhizosphere soil efficiently produces staurosporine with antifungal and antiangiogenic properties.
Targeting the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Chicoric acid ameliorate inflammation and oxidative stress in Lipopolysaccharide and d-galactosamine induced acute liver injury.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase-2 deletion modifies ventral tegmental area function and connectivity and alters reward processing.
The anti-anaphylactoid effects of Piperine through regulating MAS-related G protein-coupled receptor X2 activation.
Nitric oxide restores peripheral blood mononuclear cell adhesion against hypoxia via NO-cGMP signalling.
Analysis of In Vivo Mutation in the Hprt and Tk Genes of Mouse Lymphocytes.
32P-Postlabeling Analysis of DNA Adducts.
Detection of Loss of Heterozygosity in Tk-Deficient Mutants from L5178Y Tk+/--3.7.2C Mouse Lymphoma Cells.
Survey of Sensitivity to Fatty Acid-Amino Acid Conjugates in the Solanaceae.
Mangiferin ameliorates placental oxidative stress and activates PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway in mouse model of preeclampsia.
Significance of glucocorticoid signaling in triple-negative breast cancer patients: a newly revealed interaction with androgen signaling.
Investigations of Piperazine Derivatives as Intestinal Permeation Enhancers in Isolated Rat Intestinal Tissue Mucosae.
Pellino1 Contributes to Morphine Tolerance by Microglia Activation via MAPK Signaling in the Spinal Cord of Mice.
Cell Death Pathways in Lymphoid Malignancies.
Pathway construction and metabolic engineering for fermentative production of beta-alanine in Escherichia coli.
Comparative transcriptome analysis revealed genes involved in the fruiting body development of Ophiocordyceps sinensis.
Risk factors for prolonged intensive care unit and hospital stay among patients with acute drug overdose in Japan.
Propofol infusion syndrome complicated with mitochondrial myopathy, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes: a case report.
Evaluation of Serum Biomarkers and Other Diagnostic Modalities for Early Diagnosis of Preeclampsia.
DNA-dependent protein kinase in telomere maintenance and protection.
Bacteroides fragilis enterotoxin upregulates heme oxygenase-1 in dendritic cells via reactive oxygen species-, mitogen-activated protein kinase-, and Nrf2-dependent pathway.
Can the AGE/RAGE/ERK signalling pathway and the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition interact in the pathogenesis of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps?
Negative regulation of RAF kinase activity by ATP is overcome by 14-3-3-induced dimerization.
RIPK3 upregulation confers robust proliferation and collateral cystine-dependence on breast cancer recurrence.
Targeting LRIG2 overcomes resistance to EGFR inhibitor in glioblastoma by modulating GAS6/AXL/SRC signaling.
Protein kinase 2 (CK2) controls CD4+ T cell effector function in the pathogenesis of colitis.
iPSC modeling of young-onset Parkinson \' s disease reveals a molecular signature of disease and novel therapeutic candidates.
FAK signaling in cancer-associated fibroblasts promotes breast cancer cell migration and metastasis by exosomal miRNAs-mediated intercellular communication.
Disease escape with the selective loss of the Philadelphia chromosome after tyrosine kinase inhibitor exposure in Ph-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Transcriptional regulation by sigma factor phosphorylation in bacteria.
Overcoming MCL-1-driven adaptive resistance to targeted therapies.
Microscaled proteogenomic methods for precision oncology.
The extracellular sulfatase SULF2 promotes liver tumorigenesis by stimulating assembly of a promoter looping GLI1-STAT3 transcriptional complex.
BRAF and DIS3 Mutations Associate with Adverse Outcome in a Long-term Follow-up of Patients with Multiple Myeloma.
Role of pyruvate kinase m2 in oxidized LDL induced macrophage foam cell formation and inflammation.
Lipid rafts as signaling hubs in cancer cell survival/death and invasion: implications in tumor progression and therapy.
A precisely positioned MED12 activation helix stimulates CDK8 kinase activity.
Angelica sinensis extract protects against ischemia-reperfusion injury in the hippocampus by activating p38 MAPK-mediated p90RSK/p-Bad and p90RSK/CREB/BDNF signaling after transient global cerebral ischemia in rats.
RET Solvent Front Mutations Mediate Acquired Resistance to Selective RET Inhibition in RET-driven malignancies.
Long-Term Follow-Up of Normal Tension Glaucoma Patients With TBK1 Gene Mutations in One Large Pedigree.
Wif1 suppresses the generation of suprabasal cells in acanthotic skin and growth of basal cell carcinomas upon forced overexpression.
Severe combined immunodeficiency caused by Inositol-trisphosphate 3-Kinase B (ITPKB) deficiency.
GSK-3: An important kinase in colon and pancreatic cancers.
Moderate volume of sprint bouts does not induce muscle damage in well-trained athletes.
Cytotoxic chemotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer with poor performance status: A retrospective analysis from routine clinical practice.
beta-catenin stimulates Tcf7l1 degradation through recruitment of casein kinase 2 in mouse embryonic stem cells.
Oleoylethanolamide stabilizes atherosclerotic plaque through regulating macrophage polarization via AMPK-PPARalpha pathway.
Prostaglandin F2alpha-PTGFR signaling promotes proliferation of endometrial epithelial cells of cattle through cell cycle regulation.
Cell death induced by the ER stressor thapsigargin involves death receptor 5, a non-autophagic function of MAP1LC3B, and distinct contributions from unfolded protein response components.
FGFR3 signaling and function in triple negative breast cancer.
The role of the key autophagy kinase ULK1 in hepatocellular carcinoma and its validation as a treatment target.
Reducing the progression of Alzheimer \' s disease in Down syndrome patients with micro-dose lithium.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor regulates integrin-beta1 and cyclin D1 expression via ERK pathway in podocytes.
Transcriptional regulation of PRKAR2B by miR-200b-3p/200c-3p and XBP1 in human prostate cancer.
Polystyrene nanoplastic induces ROS production and affects the MAPK-HIF-1/NFkB-mediated antioxidant system in Daphnia pulex.
Ouabain, endogenous ouabain and ouabain-like factors: The Na+ pump/ouabain receptor, its linkage to NCX, and its myriad functions.
Mutations of two FERONIA-like receptor genes enhance rice blast resistance without growth penalty.
Precision Management of Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
T-lymphokine-activated killer cell-originated protein kinase (TOPK)-positive colorectal tumor growth is suppressed by acetylshikonin.
Primary nitrate responses via calcium signalling and diverse protein phosphorylation.
IRE1beta negatively regulates IRE1alpha signaling in response to endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Cardioprotective GLP-1 metabolite prevents ischemic cardiac injury by inhibiting mitochondrial trifunctional protein-alpha.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the dual specificity phosphatase genes and risk of necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infant.
Regulation of Immunity-Related Genes by Infectious Bronchitis Virus Challenge in Spleen of Laying Chickens.
Serum C-reactive protein level predicts clinical outcomes in patients with non-small cell lung cancer harboring EGFR mutations.
Beneficial effects of genistein in suppression of proliferation, inhibition of metastasis, and induction of apoptosis in PC3 prostate cancer cells.
Cardiovascular mortality among chronic myeloid leukemia patients in the pre-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) and TKI eras: a surveillance, epidemiology and end results (SEER) analysis.
Correction to "Discovery of Potent and Orally Effective Dual Janus Kinase 2/FLT3 Inhibitors for the Treatment of Acute Myelogenous Leukemia and Myeloproliferative Neoplasms".
RIP1 kinase activity is critical for skin inflammation but not for viral propagation.
Cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase and D1 dopamine receptors regulate diacylglycerol lipase-alpha and synaptic 2-arachidonoyl glycerol signaling.
microRNA-184 is induced by store-operated calcium entry and regulates early keratinocyte differentiation.
Sphingosine kinase 1 promotes cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury through inducing ER stress and activating the NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Bta-miR-885 promotes proliferation and inhibits differentiation of myoblasts by targeting MyoD1.
The effects of estradiol on inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction in rats with preeclampsia.
Echinacoside-induced nitric oxide production in endothelial cells: Roles of androgen receptor and the PI3K-Akt pathway.
Adiponectin inhibits the differentiation and maturation of osteoclasts via the mTOR pathway in multiple myeloma.
Specific microRNAs are involved in the reno-protective effects of sevoflurane preconditioning and ischemic preconditioning against ischemia reperfusion injury in rats.
Long non-coding RNA GAS5 regulates myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury through the PI3K/AKT apoptosis pathway by sponging miR-532-5p.
Advances in the Chemistry of 6-6 Bicyclic Systems: Chemistry of Pyrido[3,4- d]pyrimidines.
Tyrosine-kinase inhibitor discontinuation in chronic myeloid leukaemia after deep molecular response: a meta-analysis with meta-regression.
miR-331-3p Inhibits Proliferation and Promotes Apoptosis of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Cells by Targeting elf4B-PI3K-AKT Pathway.
Group II p21-activated kinase, PAK4, is needed for activation of focal adhesion kinases, MAPK, PI3K/Akt, GSK3 and ss-catenin in pancreatic acinar cells.
Reactive fibrosis precedes doxorubicin-induced heart failure through sterile inflammation.
Oral Janus kinase inhibitors for maintenance of remission in ulcerative colitis.
Ferulic Acid Induces Apoptosis of HeLa and Caski Cervical Carcinoma Cells by Down-Regulating the Phosphatidylinositol 3-Kinase (PI3K)/Akt Signaling Pathway.
Outcome of Imatinib Treatment in Yemeni Patients With Chronic Myeloid Leukemia and the Influence of Nonadherence to Treatment and Duration of Previous Hydroxyurea Therapy.
HER2 Status in Molecular Subtypes of Urothelial Carcinoma of the Renal Pelvis and Ureter.
Acute rhabdomyolysis following viral infection with coxsackie A4 in a 50-day-old infant with Fukuyama congenital muscular dystrophy.
Rehabilitation Needs in Cancer Treatment-Related Cardiotoxicity.
Design, synthesis and evaluation of wound healing activity for beta-sitosterols derivatives as potent Na+/K+-ATPase inhibitors.
CaMKIIalpha phosphorylation of Shank3 modulates ABI1-Shank3 interaction.
18O labeling on Ser45 but not on Ser35 supports the cooperative phosphorylation mechanism on tarantula thick filament activation.
Angiogenic Marker Prognostic Models in Pregnant Women With Hypertension.
m6A mRNA methylation regulates testosterone synthesis through modulating autophagy in Leydig cells.
DNA-dependent protein kinase regulates lysosomal AMP-dependent protein kinase activation and autophagy.
Autophagy-Mediated Compartmental Cytoplasmic Deletion is Essential for Tobacco Pollen Germination and Male Fertility.
Autophagy regulates functional differentiation of mammary epithelial cells.
Promising Anticancer Effect of Aurisin A Against the Human Lung Cancer A549 Cell Line.
Efficacy of Pazopanib in patients with metastatic uterine sarcoma: A multi-institutional study.
Diagnostic approach for myocardial contusion: a retrospective evaluation of patient data and review of the literature.
AURKB promotes gastric cancer progression via activation of CCND1 expression.
Bruton \' s tyrosine kinase inhibitor suppresses imiquimod-induced psoriasis-like inflammation in mice through regulation of IL-23/IL-17A in innate immune cells.
A Discovery of Clinically Approved Formula FBRP for Repositioning to Treat HCC by Inhibiting PI3K/AKT/NF-kappaB Activation.
Effects of miR-34b/miR-892a Upregulation and Inhibition of ABCB1/ABCB4 on Melatonin-Induced Apoptosis in VCR-Resistant Oral Cancer Cells.
Induction of aortic valve calcification by celecoxib and its COX-2 independent derivatives is glucocorticoid-dependent.
Investigation of efficacy and acquired resistance for EGFR-TKI plus bevacizumab as first-line treatment in patients with EGFR sensitive mutant non-small cell lung cancer in a Real world population.
Positioning therapies in ulcerative colitis.
The clinicopathological and prognostic significance of P27kip in hepatocellular carcinoma patients: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of pH on the structure and function of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 3: Combined spectroscopic and MD simulation studies.
BCAT-induced autophagy regulates Abeta load through an interdependence of redox state and PKC phosphorylation-implications in Alzheimer \' s disease.
ZEA-induced autophagy in TM4 cells was mediated by the release of Ca2+ activates CaMKKbeta-AMPK signaling pathway in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Long Non-coding RNA Gas5 Potentiates the Effects of Downregulated microRNA-21 in Response to Ischaemic Brain Injury via the Pten-mediated PI3K/Akt Axis.
The PINK1-Parkin axis: An Overview.
Salvianolic acid B improves myocardial function in diabetic cardiomyopathy by suppressing IGFBP3.
TXNIP deficiency mitigates podocyte apoptosis via restraining the activation of mTOR or p38 MAPK signaling in diabetic nephropathy.
Serological risk factors for concomitant interstitial lung disease in patients with idiopathic inflammatory myopathy.
Substituted pteridinones as p90 ribosomal S6 protein kinase (RSK) inhibitors: A structure-activity study.
Rho-kinase ROCK inhibitors reduce oligomeric tau protein.
Physiopathological mechanisms of diaphragmatic dysfunction associated with mechanical ventilation.
Targeting DUSP16/TAK1 signaling alleviates hepatic dyslipidemia and inflammation in high fat diet (HFD)-challenged mice through suppressing JNK MAPK.
STC2 modulates ERK1/2 signaling to suppress adipogenic differentiation of human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells.
Sepsis-associated acute respiratory distress syndrome in individuals of European ancestry: a genome-wide association study.
Long-term efficacy and safety of ruxolitinib versus best available therapy in polycythaemia vera (RESPONSE): 5-year follow up of a phase 3 study.
Photobiomodulation and the expression of genes related to the JAK/STAT signalling pathway in wounded and diabetic wounded cells.
R-Roscovitine Improves Motoneuron Function in Mouse Models for Spinal Muscular Atrophy.
The orphan histidine kinase PdtaS-p regulates both morphological differentiation and antibiotic biosynthesis together with the orphan response regulator PdtaR-p in Streptomyces.
AGO2 phosphorylation by c-Src kinase promotes tumorigenesis.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 1-mediated phosphorylation of protein kinase N1 promotes anchorage-independent growth and migration.
Salvianolic acid A suppresses MMP-2 expression and restrains cancer cell invasion through ERK signaling in human nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Serotonin induces Arcadlin in hippocampal neurons.
Effects of Acute versus Recurrent Insulin-Induced Hypoglycemia on Ventromedial Hypothalamic Nucleus Metabolic-Sensory Neuron AMPK Activity: Impact of Alpha1-Adrenergic Receptor Signaling.
Critical role of protein kinase G in the long-term balance between defensive and appetitive behaviors induced by aversive stimuli in Aplysia.
Hippocampal overexpression of SGK1 ameliorates spatial memory, rescues Abeta pathology and actin cytoskeleton polymerization in middle-aged APP/PS1 mice.
Effect of resveratrol combined with atorvastatin on re-endothelialization after drug-eluting stents implantation and the underlying mechanism.
Ellagic acid protects Caco-2 cell monolayers against inflammation-induced permeabilization.
Natural triterpenoid saponin Momordin Ic suppresses HepG2 cell invasion via COX-2 inhibition and PPARgamma activation.
The new mechanism of Ghrelin/GHSR-1a on autophagy regulation.
Targets and pathways involved in the antitumor activity of citral and its stereo-isomers.
Evaluation of Leishmania infantum pyridoxal kinase protein for the diagnosis of human and canine visceral leishmaniasis.
Knockdown of TRIM47 inhibits breast cancer tumorigenesis and progression through the inactivation of PI3K/Akt pathway.
An Optimized Full-Length FLT3/CD3 Bispecific Antibody Demonstrates Potent Anti-leukemia Activity and Reversible Hematological Toxicity.
"Amyloid-beta accumulation cycle" as a prevention and/or therapy target for Alzheimer \' s disease.
Moving Past Ganciclovir and Foscarnet: Advances in CMV Therapy.
Hyperkeratotic Skin Adverse Events Induced by Anticancer Treatments: A Comprehensive Review.
Advances in Therapy for Relapsed or Refractory Hodgkin Lymphoma.
Molecular characterization and expression pattern of inositol-requiring enzyme 1 (IRE1) in blunt snout bream (Megalobrama amblycephala): its role of IRE1 involved in inflammatory response induced by lipopolysaccharide.
Mechanism of contractile dysfunction induced by serotonin in coronary artery in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Modulators of Fam210a and Roles of Fam210a in the Function of Myoblasts.
LRRK2 in Parkinson disease: challenges of clinical trials.
A Small Compound Targeting Prohibitin with Potential Interest for Cognitive Deficit Rescue in Aging mice and Tau Pathology Treatment.
The RNA-binding protein AKAP8 suppresses tumor metastasis by antagonizing EMT-associated alternative splicing.
Disruption of auto-inhibition underlies conformational signaling of ASIC1a to induce neuronal necroptosis.
Histidine kinase MHZ1/OsHK1 interacts with ethylene receptors to regulate root growth in rice.
YAP-dependent necrosis occurs in early stages of Alzheimer \' s disease and regulates mouse model pathology.
Dstyk mutation leads to congenital scoliosis-like vertebral malformations in zebrafish via dysregulated mTORC1/TFEB pathway.
PIK3CA gene mutations in the helical domain correlate with high tumor mutation burden and poor prognosis in metastatic breast carcinomas with late-line therapies.
DHEA Inhibits Leukocyte Recruitment through Regulation of the Integrin Antagonist DEL-1.
Altering microtubule dynamics is synergistically toxic with spindle assembly checkpoint inhibition.
Functional characterization of two rare BCR-FGFR1+ leukemias.
Mutual inhibition between Prkd2 and Bcl6 controls T follicular helper cell differentiation.
Human DNA-PK activates a STING-independent DNA sensing pathway.
Diacylglycerol kinase delta and sphingomyelin synthase-related protein functionally interact via their sterile alpha motif domains.
An insertion mutation of ERBB2 enhances breast cancer cell growth and confers resistance to lapatinib through AKT signaling pathway.
Glycogen synthase kinase 3beta inhibitor- CHIR 99021 augments the differentiation potential of mesenchymal stem cells.
Targeting the DNA damage response (DDR) by natural compounds.
Efficient synthesis of tert-butyl 3-cyano-3-cyclopropyl-2-oxopyrrolidine-4-carboxylates: Highly functionalized 2-pyrrolidinone enabling access to novel macrocyclic Tyk2 inhibitors.
shRNA-mediated inhibition of PhosphoGlycerate Kinase 1 (PGK1) enhances cytotoxicity of intraperitoneal chemotherapy in peritoneal metastasis of gastric origin.
Protein kinase A accelerates the rate of early stage differentiation of pluripotent stem cells.
Abnormal methylation of PIK3AP1 was involved in regulating the immune inflammatory response of GES-1 cells induced by Helicobacter pylori.
Endothelial cell sprouting driven by RhoJ directly activated by a membrane-anchored Intersectin 1 (ITSN1) RhoGEF module.
Ceramide synthase 2 knockdown suppresses trophozoite growth, migration, in vitro encystment and excystment of Entamoeba invadens.
miRNA-183~96~182 regulates melanogenesis, cell proliferation and migration in B16 cells.
Mitochondrial Rieske iron-sulfur protein in pulmonary artery smooth muscle: A key primary signaling molecule in pulmonary hypertension.
Pantothenate Kinase Associated Neurodegeneration-A Rare Case Report.
NTRK Fusions in Central Nervous System Tumors: A Rare, but Worthy Target.
Divergent Regulation of Myotube Formation and Gene Expression by E2 and EPA during In-Vitro Differentiation of C2C12 Myoblasts.
The Role of Bone Morphogenetic Protein 7 (BMP-7) in Inflammation in Heart Diseases.
Cancer Stem Cell Marker DCLK1 Correlates with Tumorigenic Immune Infiltrates in the Colon and Gastric Adenocarcinoma Microenvironments.
Analysis of the Effect of Increased alpha2,3-Sialylation on RTK Activation in MKN45 Gastric Cancer Spheroids Treated with Crizotinib.
Identification of ADPKD-Related Genes and Pathways in Cells Overexpressing PKD2.
Eph/ephrin Signaling and Biology of Mesenchymal Stromal/Stem Cells.
Skin Cutibacterium acnes Mediates Fermentation to Suppress the Calcium Phosphate-Induced Itching: A Butyric Acid Derivative with Potential for Uremic Pruritus.
Carbonic Anhydrase XII Expression Is Modulated during Epithelial Mesenchymal Transition and Regulated through Protein Kinase C Signaling.
Cyclin G2 regulates canonical Wnt signalling via interaction with Dapper1 to attenuate tubulointerstitial fibrosis in diabetic nephropathy.
Resveratrol improves the therapeutic efficacy of bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells in rats with severe acute pancreatitis.
Comparison of activity, expression and S-nitrosylation of glycolytic enzymes between pale, soft and exudative and red, firm and non-exudative pork during post-mortem aging.
Generation of a DAPK1 knockout first (conditional ready) human embryonic stem cell line (ZSSYe001-A) by CRISPR-Cas9 technology.
Resveratrol inhibits adipocyte differentiation and cellular senescence of human bone marrow stromal stem cells.
Exercise-induced re-programming of age-related metabolic changes in microglia is accompanied by a reduction in senescent cells.
GSK-3beta in DNA repair, apoptosis, and resistance of chemotherapy, radiotherapy of cancer.
Alterations in alpha-synuclein and PINK1 expression reduce neurite length and induce mitochondrial fission and Golgi fragmentation in midbrain neurons.
Nicotine induces resilience to chronic social defeat stress in a mouse model of water pipe tobacco exposure by activating BDNF signaling.
BRCA1 protects cardiac microvascular endothelial cells against irradiation by regulating p21-mediated cell cycle arrest.
Berberine induces dose-dependent quiescence and apoptosis in A549 cancer cells by modulating cell cyclins and inflammation independent of mTOR pathway.
Pathogenic Potential of Hic1-Expressing Cardiac Stromal Progenitors.
Hyperactivation of TORC1 Drives Resistance to the Pan-HER Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Neratinib in HER2-Mutant Cancers.
Epigallocatechin Gallate Induces Up-Regulation of LDL Receptor via the 67 kDa Laminin Receptor-Independent Pathway in HepG2 Cells.
Strength exercise suppresses STZ-induced spatial memory impairment and modulates BDNF/ERK-CAMKII/CREB signalling pathway in the hippocampus of mice.
Optogenetics reveals Cdc42 local activation by scaffold-mediated positive feedback and Ras GTPase.
Methylation of the ataxia telangiectasia mutated gene (ATM) promoter as a radiotherapy outcome biomarker in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, exploratory study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of HAD-B1 for dose-finding in EGFR positive and locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC subjects who need Afatinib therapy: Study protocol clinical trial (SPIRIT Compliant).
Autoimmunity and immunodeficiency.
18F-FDG PET/CT Evaluation of Crizotinib and Lorlatinib Therapy in Metastatic ROS-1-Positive Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Amplification of Chromosome 17 Centromere (CEP17) in Breast Cancer Patients with a Result of HER2 2+- by Immunohistochemistry.
Identification of Parthenolide Dimers as Activators of Pyruvate Ki-nase M2 in Xenograft of Glioblastoma Multiforme in vivo.
Excess Palmitate Induces Decidual Stromal Cell Apoptosis Via the TLR4/JNK/NF-kB Pathways and Possibly through Glutamine Oxidation.
Intermittent Starvation Extends the Functional Lifetime of Primary Human Hepatocyte Cultures.
Phenylamino-pyrimidine (PAP) privileged structure: Synthesis and medicinal applications.
The role of radiation induced oxidative stress as a regulator of radio-adaptive responses.
Genetic Predisposition to High-Altitude Pulmonary Edema.
Gut metabolite, Urolithin A decreases Actin Polymerization and Migration in Cancer Cells.
Blockade of BDNF Signaling Attenuates Chronic Visceral Hypersensitivity in an IBS-like Rat Model.
Hierarchical clustering of PI3K and MAPK pathway proteins in breast cancer intrinsic subtypes.
Combination of melatonin and irisin ameliorates lipopolysaccharide-induced cardiac dysfunction through suppressing the Mst1-JNK pathways.
Impact of RhoA overexpression on clinical outcomes in cervical squamous cell carcinoma treated with concurrent chemoradiotherapy.
Pazopanib Selectively Inhibits Choroidal Vascular Endothelial Cell Proliferation and Promotes Apoptosis.
Current concepts in ameloblastoma-targeted therapies in B-raf proto-oncogene serine/threonine kinase V600E mutation: Systematic review.
Mesothelioma: Hippo pathway as a target, lessons from COMMAND.
Overexpression of miR-375 Protects Cardiomyocyte Injury following Hypoxic-Reoxygenation Injury.
Sesamin, a Naturally Occurring Lignan, Inhibits Ligand-Induced Lipogenesis through Interaction with Liver X Receptor Alpha (LXRalpha) and Pregnane X Receptor (PXR).
Study of the Binding Interaction between Wortmannin and Calf Thymus DNA: Multispectroscopic and Molecular Docking Studies.
Preclinical evaluation of the combination of AZD1775 and irinotecan against selected pediatric solid tumors: A Pediatric Preclinical Testing Consortium report.
Low-intensity pulsed ultrasound inhibits VEGFA expression in chondrocytes and protects against cartilage degeneration in experimental osteoarthritis.
Copeptin and mid-regional pro-ANP in women with suspected or confirmed pre-eclampsia: comparison with the sFlt-1/PlGF ratio.
miR-92b-3p is a prognostic oncomiR that targets TSC1 in clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Synthesis of imatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, labeled with carbon-14.
Leishmania Dual Specificity Tyrosine Regulated Kinase 1 (DYRK1) is required for sustaining Leishmania stationary phase phenotype.
UHMK1 promotes gastric cancer progression through reprogramming nucleotide metabolism.
PKA facilitates relaxation of mouse ileum via phosphorylation of neuronal NO synthase.
The chromosome 19 microRNA cluster, regulated by promoter hypomethylation, is associated with tumour burden and poor prognosis in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Comparative analysis of thylakoid protein complexes in state transition mutants nsi and stn7: focus on PSI and LHCII.
Control of cell migration by the novel protein phosphatase-2A interacting protein inka2.
Spatio-temporal and Cellular Expression Patterns of PTK7 in the Healthy and Traumatically Injured Rat and Human Spinal Cord.
Cardioprotective Efficacy of Silymarin Liquisolid in Isoproterenol Prompted Myocardial Infarction in Rats.
Association Between Glutathione-S-Transferase Gene Polymorphisms and Responses to Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Treatment in Patients with Chronic Myeloid Leukemia: A Meta-analysis.
The use of tocilizumab in the treatment of refractory eosinophilic fasciitis: a case-based review.
Precision medicine in Parkinson \' s disease: emerging treatments for genetic Parkinson \' s disease.
Therapeutic effects of interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase 4 inhibitor AS2444697 on diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetic mice.
Japan society of clinical oncology/Japanese society of medical oncology-led clinical recommendations on the diagnosis and use of tropomyosin receptor kinase inhibitors in adult and pediatric patients with neurotrophic receptor tyrosine kinase fusion-positive advanced solid tumors, cooperated by the Japanese society of pediatric hematology/oncology.
A SYK/SHC1 pathway regulates the amount of CFTR in the plasma membrane.
Disruption of the lactate dehydrogenase and acetate kinase genes in Klebsiella pneumoniae HD79 to enhance 2,3-butanediol production, and related transcriptomics analysis.
Synthesis and validation of [18F]mBPET-1, a fluorine-18 labelled mTOR inhibitor derivative based on a benzofuran backbone.
CYP2E1 changes the biological function of gastric cancer cells via the PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway.
MuicroRNA-421 participates in vitiligo development through regulating human melanocyte survival by targeting receptor-interacting serine/threonine kinase 1.
Chidamide induces necroptosis via regulation of c-FLIPL expression in Jurkat and HUT-78 cells.
Protein kinase C promotes choline transporter-like protein 1 function via improved cell surface expression in immortalized human hepatic cells.
Carboxyl terminal activating region 3 of latent membrane protein 1 encoded by the Epstein-Barr virus regulates cell proliferation and protein expression in NP69 cells.
Swimming exercise inhibits myocardial ER stress in the hearts of aged mice by enhancing cGMP-PKG signaling.
Effects of a fructose-rich diet and chronic stress on insulin signaling and regulation of glycogen synthase kinase-3 beta and the sodium-potassium pump in the hearts of male rats.
Development of chimeric peptides to facilitate the neutralisation of lipopolysaccharides during bactericidal targeting of multidrug-resistant Escherichia coli.
Transcriptional regulation of the IL-13Ralpha2 gene in human lung fibroblasts.
Intravenous immunoglobulin mediates anti-inflammatory effects in peripheral blood mononuclear cells by inducing autophagy.
Resistance of melanoma to immune checkpoint inhibitors is overcome by targeting the sphingosine kinase-1.
Chaperone mediated detection of small molecule target binding in cells.
PAS kinase deficiency reduces aging effects in mice.
Correction: The stimulation of dendrite growth by Sema3A requires integrin engagement and focal adhesion kinase (doi:10.1242/jcs.038232).
Macrophage Syk-PI3Kgamma inhibits anti-tumor immunity: SRX3207, a novel dual Syk-PI3K inhibitory chemotype relieves tumor immunosuppression.
AG-348 (Mitapivat), an allosteric activator of red blood cell pyruvate kinase, increases enzymatic activity, protein stability, and ATP levels over a broad range of PKLR genotypes.
Signal-transducing adaptor protein-2 delays recovery of B lineage lymphocytes during hematopoietic stress.
Metformin lowers glucose 6-phosphate in hepatocytes by activation of glycolysis downstream of glucose phosphorylation.
Liver ChREBP Protects Against Fructose-induced Glycogenic Hepatotoxicity by Regulating L-type Pyruvate Kinase.
Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Effects of epsilon-poly-l-lysine on vegetative growth, pathogenicity and gene expression of Alternaria alternata infecting Nicotiana tabacum.
P-Tyr42 RhoA GTPase amplifies superoxide formation through p47phox, phosphorylated by ROCK.
Dasatinib, a second-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitor, induces melanogenesis via ERK-CREB-MITF-tyrosinase signaling in normal human melanocytes.
Genome-wide investigation of calcium-dependent protein kinase gene family in pineapple: evolution and expression profiles during development and stress.
MicroRNA-506-3p inhibits proliferation and promotes apoptosis in ovarian cancer cell via targeting SIRT1/AKT/FOXO3a signaling pathway.
miR-17-5p knockdown inhibits proliferation, autophagy and promotes apoptosis in thyroid cancer via targeting PTEN.
Novel Peptide CM 7 Targeted c-Met with Antitumor Activity.
Extracellular Vesicles, A Possible Theranostic Platform Strategy for Hepatocellular Carcinoma-An Overview.
The Multiple Roles of the Cdc14 Phosphatase in Cell Cycle Control.
The Importance of Fatty Acids as Nutrients during Post-Exercise Recovery.
VEGFR2 Blockade Improves Renal Damage in an Experimental Model of Type 2 Diabetic Nephropathy.
P-Cresylsulfate, the Protein-Bound Uremic Toxin, Increased Endothelial Permeability Partly Mediated by Src-Induced Phosphorylation of VE-Cadherin.
KISS1/KISS1R and Breast Cancer: Metastasis Promoter.
Neuropeptide Control of Puberty: Beyond Kisspeptins.
Clinical features and diagnosis of new malignancy in patients with acute pulmonary embolism and without a history of cancer.
Early Season Hormonal and Biochemical Changes in Division I Field Hockey Players: Is Fitness Protective?
Vulvar Pigmented Epithelioid Melanocytoma With a Novel HTT-PKN1 Fusion: A Case Report.
An update on systemic therapy for penile cancer.
Indoxyl sulfate impairs valsartan-induced neovascularization.
Structural and functional characterization of Solanum lycopersicum phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase C2 domain.
Metabolomic profiling of metoprolol-induced cardioprotection in a murine model of acute myocardial ischemia.
Down-regulation of CIT can inhibit the growth of human bladder cancer cells.
Osimertinib overcomes alectinib resistance caused by amphiregulin in a leptomeningeal carcinomatosis model of ALK-rearranged lung cancer.
Human sperm phosphoproteome reveals differential phosphoprotein signatures that regulate human sperm motility.
Interleukin-2 chronotherapy for metastatic renal cell carcinoma: Results of a phase I-II study.
Metabolic disturbance in Korean red ginseng-induced "Shanghuo" (excessive heat).
Cardio-facio-cutaneous syndrome-associated pathogenic MAP2K1 variants activate autophagy.
Activated Hgf-Met signaling cooperates with oncogenic Braf to drive primary cutaneous melanomas and angiotropic lung metastases in mice.
Molecular and Cellular Responses to the TYK2/JAK1 Inhibitor, PF 06700841, Reveal Reduction of Skin Inflammation in Plaque Psoriasis: TYK2/JAK1 inhibitor in plaque psoriasis.
PP121 suppresses RANKL-Induced osteoclast formation in vitro and attenuates LPS-Induced bone resorption in vivo.
Hederagenin protects mice against ovariectomy-induced bone loss by inhibiting RANKL-induced osteoclastogenesis and bone resorption.
Benzenesulfonamide Derivatives as Calcium/Calmodulin-Dependent Protein Kinase Inhibitors and Antiviral Agents Against Dengue and Zika Virus Infections.
Confinement and Crowding Effects on Folding of a Multi-domain Y-family DNA Polymerase.
Integrin Linked Kinase (ILK) Downregulation as an Early Event During the Development of Metabolic Alterations in a Short-Term High Fat Diet Mice Model.
West Nile virus capsid protein inhibits autophagy by AMP-activated protein kinase degradation in neurological disease development.
Physiological and transcriptomic responses of Lanzhou Lily (Lilium davidii, var. unicolor) to cold stress.
Clinical consequences of resistance to ALK inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer.
Mass spectrometry proteomics reveals a function for mammalian CALCOCO1 in MTOR-regulated selective autophagy.
Atg11 is required for initiation of glucose starvation-induced autophagy.
Effects of Aluminum on the Integrity of the Intestinal Epithelium: An in Vitro and in Vivo Study.
Aerobic Endurance Exercise Ameliorates Renal Vascular Sclerosis in Aged Mice by Regulating PI3K/AKT/mTOR Signaling Pathway.
Teprotumumab for the Treatment of Active Thyroid Eye Disease.
Downregulation of the insulin signaling pathway by SHC may correlate with congenital heart disease in Chinese populations.
Spinal AMP Kinase Activity Differentially Regulates Phrenic Motor Plasticity.
Targeting apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 in acute and chronic kidney disease.
Regulatory role of SphK1 in TLR7/9-dependent type I interferon response and autoimmunity.
NTRK Fusion Cervical Sarcoma: A Report of 3 Cases, Emphasizing Morphological and Immunohistochemical Distinction from Other Uterine Sarcomas, including Adenosarcoma.
Management of a feline gastric stromal cell tumour with toceranib phosphate: a case study.
Trehalose and alginate oligosaccharides increase the stability of muscle proteins in frozen shrimp (Litopenaeus vannamei).
The crystal structure of a natural DNA polymerase complexed with mirror DNA.
Immunomodulatory role of recombinant human erythropoietin in acute kidney injury induced by crush syndrome via inhibition of the TLR4/NF-kappaB signaling pathway in macrophages.
Vitamin B6 inhibits macrophage activation to prevent lipopolysaccharide-induced acute pneumonia in mice.
Combined tazemetostat and MAPKi enhances differentiation of papillary thyroid cancer cells harbouring BRAFV600E by synergistically decreasing global trimethylation of H3K27.
Circular RNA VRK1 correlates with favourable prognosis, inhibits cell proliferation but promotes apoptosis in breast cancer.
ROCK-TAZ signaling axis regulates mechanical tension-induced osteogenic differentiation of rat cranial sagittal suture mesenchymal stem cells.
Inhibitory Mechanisms of Water Extract of Oplopanax elatus on Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Inflammatory Responses in RAW 264.7 Murine Macrophage Cells.
Aluminum-Induced Synaptic Plasticity Impairment via PI3K-Akt-mTOR Signaling Pathway.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6 inhibitors in hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 negative advanced breast cancer: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Structural insights into the conformational change of Staphylococcus aureus NreA at C-terminus.
Osteoimmunology in rheumatoid and psoriatic arthritis: potential effects of tofacitinib on bone involvement.
Cost-effectiveness of midostaurin in the treatment of newly diagnosed FLT3-mutated acute myeloid leukemia in France.
Melatonin inhibits Warburg-dependent cancer by redirecting glucose oxidation to the mitochondria: a mechanistic hypothesis.
Urocortin 2 Gene Transfer Improves Glycemic Control and Reduces Retinopathy and Mortality in Murine Insulin Deficiency.
In silico Methods for Design of Kinase Inhibitors as Anticancer Drugs.
The molecular targets of diclofenac differs from ibuprofen to induce apoptosis and epithelial mesenchymal transition due to alternation on oxidative stress management p53 independently in PC3 prostate cancer cells.
Taurine Activates BMP-2/Wnt3a-Mediated Osteoblast Differentiation and Mineralization via Akt and MAPK Signaling.
Urtica Dioica and Lamium Album Decrease Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3 beta and Increase K-Ras in Diabetic Rats.
Combined proteomics/miRNomics of dendritic cell immunotherapy-treated glioblastoma patients as a screening for survival-associated factors.
Inhibition of protein FAK enhances 5-FU chemosensitivity to gastric carcinoma via p53 signaling pathways.
A method for functional testing constitutive and ligand-induced interactions of lysin motif receptor proteins.
Dual NDP52 Function in Persistent CSFV Infection.
Overexpression of Kruppel-Like Factor 4 Suppresses Migration and Invasion of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Through c-Jun-NH2-Terminal Kinase/Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition Signaling Pathway.
Ethoxysanguinarine, a Novel Direct Activator of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase, Induces Autophagy and Exhibits Therapeutic Potential in Breast Cancer Cells.
Vesicular Dysfunction and the Pathogenesis of Parkinson \' s Disease: Clues From Genetic Studies.
Mechanism of adrenergic CaV1.2 stimulation revealed by proximity proteomics.
Synergistic therapeutic effect of combined PDGFR and SGK1 inhibition in metastasis-initiating cells of breast cancer.
Evidence for auxiliary anaerobic metabolism in obligately aerobic Zetaproteobacteria.
Delineation of cell death mechanisms induced by synergistic effects of statins and erlotinib in non-small cell lung cancer cell (NSCLC) lines.
[Myopathy associated with anti-signal recognition peptide antibodies: Five case reports].
[Role of outer dense fiber in multiple morphological abnormalities of the sperm flagella in Akap4 gene defect mice].
[Protective effects and mechanisms of Xingnaojing Injection on early global brain ischemic-induced deep coma in rats].
PI4KIIIbeta is a therapeutic target in chromosome 1q-amplified lung adenocarcinoma.
Requirement for epithelial p38alpha in KRAS-driven lung tumor progression.
Phosphosite analysis of the cytomegaloviral mRNA export factor pUL69 reveals serines with critical importance for recruitment of cellular proteins Pin1 and UAP56/URH49.
Severe proximal muscle weakness with normal CK as a presenting feature of ANCA-associated vasculitis.
Extracellular domains I-II of cell-surface glycoprotein CD44 mediate its trans-homophilic dimerization and tumor cluster aggregation.
The MEK5-ERK5 kinase axis controls lipid metabolism in small cell lung cancer.
Lack of AKAP3 disrupts integrity of the subcellular structure and proteome of mouse sperm and causes male sterility.
EULAR recommendations for the management of rheumatoid arthritis with synthetic and biological disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs: 2019 update.
Ameliorating effect of sesamin on insulin resistance of hepatic L02 cells induced by high glucose/high insulin.
Clinicopathological Characteristics of BRAF V600E Mutated Melanomas in the Dalmatian Region of Croatia.
Autophagy and autophagy-related proteins in cancer.
A two-pore channel protein required for regulating mTORC1 activity on starvation.
Molecular imaging-monitored radiofrequency hyperthermia-enhanced intratumoral herpes simplex virus-thymidine kinase gene therapy for rat orthotopic ovarian cancer.
Placental Accumulation of Triacylglycerols in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Association with Altered Fetal Growth are Related to the Differential Expressions of Proteins of Lipid Metabolism.
Vaccination in Patients with Inflammatory Bowel Diseases.
Trypanosoma brucei ATR Links DNA Damage Signaling during Antigenic Variation with Regulation of RNA Polymerase I-Transcribed Surface Antigens.
Constitutive Interferon Attenuates RIPK1/3-Mediated Cytokine Translation.
JAK-STAT-dependent regulation of scavenger receptors in LPS-activated murine macrophages.
Unveiling Taenia solium kinome profile and its potential for new therapeutic targets.
Retraction: Outer Membrane Protein A (OmpA) of Shigella flexneri 2a Induces TLR2-Mediated Activation of B Cells: Involvement of Protein Tyrosine Kinase, ERK and NF-kappaB.
Modulatory effects of TGF-beta1 and BMP6 on thecal angiogenesis and steroidogenesis in the bovine ovary.
Abl signaling directs growth of a pioneer axon in Drosophila by shaping the intrinsic fluctuations of actin.
Co-regulation of the antagonistic RepoMan:Aurora-B pair in proliferating cells.
Dynamic morphogenesis of a pioneer axon in Drosophila and its regulation by Abl tyrosine kinase.
Mass Spectrometry-Based Identification of Phospho-Tyr in Plant Proteomics.
Effects of the multi-kinase inhibitor midostaurin in combination with chemotherapy in models of acute myeloid leukaemia.
Evolutionary strategies drive a balance of the interacting gene products for the CBL and CIPK gene families.
Optimization of nucleotide sugar supply for polysaccharide formation via thermodynamic buffering.
Design, synthesis and in vitro biological evaluation of quinazolinone derivatives as EGFR inhibitors for antitumor treatment.
Flavone Hispidulin Stimulates Glucagon-Like peptide-1 Secretion and Ameliorates Hyperglycemia in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Mice.
CP-25 inhibits PGE2-induced angiogenesis by down-regulating EP4/AC/cAMP/PKA-mediated GRK2 translocation.
PAMAM-PMAA brush-functionalized magnetic composite nanospheres: a smart nanoprobe with tunable selectivity for effective enrichment of mono-, multi-, or global phosphopeptides.
Glucose restriction combined with chemotherapy decreases telomere length and cancer antigen-125 secretion in ovarian carcinoma.
Influence of miR-101 on proliferation of liver cancer cells through the MAPK/ERK signaling pathway.
mi-R4435-2HG promotes proliferation and inhibits apoptosis of cancer cells in ovarian carcinoma by upregulating ROCK2.
Effect of dexmedetomidine on the cognitive function of patients undergoing gastric cancer surgery by regulating the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
Alcoholic and Non-Alcoholic Liver Diseases: Promising Molecular Drug Targets and their Clinical Development.
Identification of the autophagy pathway in a mollusk bivalve, Crassostrea gigas.
Interactions between amyloid precursor protein-like (APPL) and MAGUK scaffolding proteins contribute to appetitive long-term memory in Drosophila melanogaster.
Lactobacilli modulated AMPK activity and prevented telomere shortening in ageing rats.
AdipoRon, a new therapeutic prospect for Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
In Vitro Light-Up Visualization of Subunit-Specific Enzyme by an AIE Probe via Restriction of Single Molecular Motion.
Role of PKCzeta-NADPH oxidase signaling axis in PKCalpha-mediated Gialpha2 phosphorylation for inhibition of adenyl cyclase activity by angiotensin II in pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells.
The Evolving Diagnostic and Treatment Landscape of NTRK-Fusion-Driven Pediatric Cancers.
Fucoidan protects against subacute diazinon-induced oxidative damage in cardiac, hepatic, and renal tissues.
Dual-Targeted Delivery of Nanoparticles Encapsulating Paclitaxel and Everolimus: a Novel Strategy to Overcome Breast Cancer Receptor Heterogeneity.
Regulation of mTORC1 by Small GTPases in Response to Nutrients.
Role of BMP signaling in bovine early embryonic development and stage specific embryotropic actions of follistatin .
The ubiquitin ligase HERC1 regulates cell migration via RAF-dependent regulation of MKK3/p38 signaling.
Profiling of human lymphocytes reveals a specific network of protein kinases modulated by endurance training status.
Molecular mechanism for the recognition of sequence-divergent CIF peptides by the plant receptor kinases GSO1/SGN3 and GSO2.
Ca2+ waves coordinate purinergic receptor-evoked integrin activation and polarization.
The CYCLIN-DEPENDENT KINASE module of the Mediator complex promotes flowering and reproductive development in pea.
The citrus flavonoid nobiletin confers protection from metabolic dysregulation in high-fat fed- mice independent of AMPK.
Nfa34810 facilitates Nocardia farcinica invasion of host cells and stimulates TNF-alpha secretion through activation of the NF-kappaB and MAPK pathways via TLR4.
Conserved Tao kinase activity regulates dendritic arborization, cytoskeletal dynamics and sensory function in Drosophila.
A tripartite cooperative mechanism confers resistance of the protein kinase A catalytic subunit to dephosphorylation.
RHOA mediated mechanical force generation through Dectin-1.
Myo1e modulates the recruitment of activated B cells to inguinal lymph nodes.
Growth Factors and Alcohol Use Disorder.
Cisplatin, rather than oxaliplatin, increases paracellular permeability of LLC-PK1 cells via activating protein kinase C.
Numerical analysis of apparent decitabine uptake in HCT116 cells: Incorporation of a bidirectional first-order kinetic parameter for ENT1 transport and Michaelis-Menten parameters for subsequent phosphorylation.
Requirement of cyclin-dependent kinase function for hepatitis B virus cccDNA synthesis as measured by digital PCR.
Dehydrocostus lactone inhibits NFATc1 via regulation of IKK, JNK, and Nrf2, thereby attenuating osteoclastogenesis.
5-Hydroxymethylcytosine signatures in circulating cell-free DNA as diagnostic and predictive biomarkers for coronary artery disease.
Non-Thermal Atmospheric Pressure Bio-Compatible Plasma Stimulates Apoptosis via p38/MAPK Mechanism in U87 Malignant Glioblastoma.
Dendropanax morbifera Protects against Renal Fibrosis in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
AXL Controls Directed Migration of Mesenchymal Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Cells.
Pharmacological Inhibition of Oncogenic STAT3 and STAT5 Signaling in Hematopoietic Cancers.
Multiple Cell Signalling Pathways of Human Proinsulin C-Peptide in Vasculopathy Protection.
RhoA-ROCK Signaling as a Therapeutic Target in Traumatic Brain Injury.
Prevention of DNA Replication Stress by CHK1 Leads to Chemoresistance Despite a DNA Repair Defect in Homologous Recombination in Breast Cancer.
Regulation of BDNF-TrkB Signaling and Potential Therapeutic Strategies for Parkinson \' s Disease.
Inhibitory Activity of a Scorpion Defensin BmKDfsin3 against Hepatitis C Virus.
Heterogeneous EGFR, CDK4, MDM4, and PDGFRA Gene Expression Profiles in Primary GBM: No Association with Patient Survival.
ATM Serine/Threonine Kinase and its Role in Pancreatic Risk.
Engineering and Characterization of Oncolytic Vaccinia Virus Expressing Truncated Herpes Simplex Virus Thymidine Kinase.
SLMP53-1 Inhibits Tumor Cell Growth through Regulation of Glucose Metabolism and Angiogenesis in a P53-Dependent Manner.
RhoA-GTPase Modulates Neurite Outgrowth by Regulating the Expression of Spastin and p60-Katanin.
Natural Heart Regeneration in a Neonatal Rat Myocardial Infarction Model.
Activation of mGluR5 and NMDA Receptor Pathways in the Rostral Ventrolateral Medulla as a Central Mechanism for Methamphetamine-Induced Pressor Effect in Rats.
JNK Pathway Mediates Low Oxygen Level Induced Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition and Stemness Maintenance in Colorectal Cancer Cells.
MAGI1, a New Potential Tumor Suppressor Gene in Estrogen Receptor Positive Breast Cancer.
The Influence of a Health-Related Fitness Training Program on Motor Performance as Well as Hematological and Biochemical Parameters.
In Vitro Hepatitis C Virus Infection and Hepatic Choline Metabolism.
GRK2-Mediated Crosstalk Between beta-Adrenergic and Angiotensin II Receptors Enhances Adrenocortical Aldosterone Production In Vitro and In Vivo.
Petromurin C Induces Protective Autophagy and Apoptosis in FLT3-ITD-Positive AML: Synergy with Gilteritinib.
Plasma MMP-9, TIMP-1, and TGF-beta1 Responses to Exercise-Induced Muscle Injury.
Can cardiovascular liabilities be detected earlier in drug development? Assessing the translation of tyrosine kinase inhibitors from cardiomyocytes and isolated hearts to whole animal.
The Role of MKP-5 in Adipocyte-Macrophage Interactions during Obesity.
Combined SRPK and AKT pharmacological inhibition is synergistic in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells.
Efficacy of baricitinib on periodontal inflammation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Structural Consequences of Multisite Phosphorylation in the BAK1 Kinase Domain.
Multivesicular body sorting and the exosomal pathway are required for the release of rat hepatitis E virus from infected cells.
Genomic landscape of young ATLL patients identifies frequent targetable CD28 fusions.
The Toxoplasma gondii virulence factor ROP16 acts in cis and trans, and suppresses T cell responses.
G protein alpha subunit suppresses sporangium formation through a serine/threonine protein kinase in Phytophthora sojae.
Two common disease-associated TYK2 variants impact exon splicing and TYK2 dosage.
Targeting chondroitinase ABC to axons enhances the ability of chondroitinase to promote neurite outgrowth and sprouting.
Roles of Candida albicans Mig1 and Mig2 in glucose repression, pathogenicity traits, and SNF1 essentiality.
The Arabidopsis receptor kinase STRUBBELIG regulates the response to cellulose deficiency.
Steroid-resistance in Diamond Blackfan anemia associates with p57Kip2 dysregulation in erythroid progenitors.
Inhibition of PDE4/PDE4B improves renal function and ameliorates inflammation in cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury.
Overexpression of miR-297b-5p protects against stearic acid-induced pancreatic beta-cell apoptosis by targeting LATS2.
Kinase-Inhibitory Nucleoside Derivatives from the Pacific Bryozoan Nelliella nelliiformis.
Role of fucosyltransferase IV in the migration and invasion of human melanoma cells.
Acetate promotes wound healing in murine colonic epithelial cells via c-Jun N-terminal kinase activation.
The signaling pathways implicated in impairment of hepatic autophagy in glycogen storage disease type Ia.
GRK2 suppresses lymphomagenesis by inhibiting the MALT1 proto-oncoprotein.
TTK inhibition radiosensitizes basal-like breast cancer through impaired homologous recombination.
Physiological and transcriptional response of Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae to berberine, an emerging chemical control.
Epigenetic silencing of LncRNA ANRIL enhances liver fibrosis and HSC activation through activating AMPK pathway.
Combined genome-wide association study and transcriptome analysis reveal candidate genes for resistance to Fusarium ear rot in maize.
Aberrant distribution and function of plasmacytoid dendritic cells in patients with ankylosing spondylitis are associated with unfolded protein response.
Drug resistance mechanisms in Japanese ALK positive NSCLC and the clinical responses based on the resistant mechanisms.
Jumonji domain-containing protein 6 protein and its role in cancer.
HMGB1-associated necroptosis and Kupffer cells M1 polarization underlies remote liver injury induced by intestinal ischemia/reperfusion in rats.
All-trans-retinoid acid induces the differentiation of P19 cells into neurons involved in the PI3K/Akt/GSK3beta signaling pathway.
The circular RNA HIPK3 reduces hydrogen peroxide-induced injury of PC-12 cells by upregulation of miR-455.
Reduction of nuclear Y654-p-beta-catenin expression through SH3GL2-meditated downregulation of EGFR in chemotolerance TNBC: Clinical and prognostic importance.
CircTIMELESS regulates the proliferation and invasion of lung squamous cell carcinoma cells via the miR-136-5p/ROCK1 axis.
Overexpression of RSK4 reverses doxorubicin resistance in human breast cancer cells via PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
MicroRNA-181c provides neuroprotection in an intracerebral hemorrhage model.
Neuroprotective effect of Annona muricata-derived polysaccharides in neuronal HT22 cell damage induced by hydrogen peroxide.
Regulating of cell cycle progression by the lncRNA CDKN2B-AS1/miR-324-5p/ROCK1 axis in laryngeal squamous cell cancer.
Intranasal deferoxamine can improve memory in healthy C57 mice, suggesting a partially non-disease-specific pathway of functional neurologic improvement.
FSH prevents porcine granulosa cells from hypoxia-induced apoptosis via activating mitophagy through the HIF-1alpha-PINK1-Parkin pathway.
ALDH1A3-mTOR axis as a therapeutic target for anticancer drug-tolerant persister cells in gastric cancer.
Hyperinsulinemia promotes heterologous desensitization of beta2 adrenergic receptor in airway smooth muscle in obesity.
Identification and functional analysis of long non-coding RNAs in the synovial membrane of osteoarthritis patients.
Endoplasmic reticulum distribution during bovine oocyte activation is regulated by protein kinase C via actin filaments.
Crizotinib sensitizes the erlotinib resistant HCC827GR5 cell line by influencing lysosomal function.
Exosomes from mesenchymal stem cells overexpressing MIF enhance myocardial repair.
Derivation of LIF-Independent Embryonic Stem Cells Using Inducible OCT4 Expression.
lncRNA TCL6 correlates with immune cell infiltration and indicates worse survival in breast cancer.
A diterpene derivative enhanced insulin signaling induced by high glucose level in HepG2 cells.
"Hedgehog pathway": a potential target of itraconazole in the treatment of cancer.
TERT promoter hotspot mutations and their relationship with TERT levels and telomere erosion in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Effect of troxerutin on oxidative stress and expression of genes regulating mitochondrial biogenesis in doxorubicin-induced myocardial injury in rats.
Lipocalin-2 exerts pro-atherosclerotic effects as evidenced by in vitro and in vivo experiments.
A human ciliopathy reveals essential functions for NEK10 in airway mucociliary clearance.
Selective sequestration of signalling proteins in a membraneless organelle reinforces the spatial regulation of asymmetry in Caulobacter crescentus.
Molecular basis for receptor tyrosine kinase A-loop tyrosine transphosphorylation.
Reconstructing kinase network topologies from phosphoproteomics data reveals cancer-associated rewiring.
GRK2 enforces androgen receptor dependence in the prostate and prostate tumors.
Determination of Somatic Mutations and Tumor Mutation Burden in Plasma by CAPP-Seq during Afatinib Treatment in NSCLC Patients Resistance to Osimertinib.
Publisher Correction: The glycogen synthase kinase MoGsk1, regulated by Mps1 MAP kinase, is required for fungal development and pathogenicity in Magnaporthe oryzae.
Androgen deprivation upregulates SPINK1 expression and potentiates cellular plasticity in prostate cancer.
Precise safety pharmacology studies of lapatinib for onco-cardiology assessed using in vivo canine models.
Predicting Radiation Resistance in Breast Cancer with Expression Status of Phosphorylated S6K1.
Pro-inflammatory macrophages coupled with glycolysis remodel adipose vasculature by producing platelet-derived growth factor-B in obesity.
Von Hippel-Lindau tumor suppressor (VHL) stimulates TOR signaling by interacting with phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K).
Hematopoietic progenitor kinase 1 down-regulates the oncogenic receptor tyrosine kinase AXL in pancreatic cancer.
Genome-wide profiling of non-smoking-related lung cancer cells reveals common RB1 rearrangements associated with histopathologic transformation in EGFR-mutant tumors.
RIPK1 Kinase-Dependent Death: A Symphony of Phosphorylation Events.
Polyarteritis nodosa isolated to muscles-A case series with a review of the literature.
T-cell co-stimulation in combination with targeting FAK drives enhanced anti-tumor immunity.
Effects of a commercially available branched-chain amino acid-alanine-carbohydrate-based sports supplement on perceived exertion and performance in high intensity endurance cycling tests.
Profiling of the muscle-specific dystroglycan interactome reveals the role of Hippo signaling in muscular dystrophy and age-dependent muscle atrophy.
WIP1 dephosphorylation of p27Kip1 Serine 140 destabilizes p27Kip1 and reverses anti-proliferative effects of ATM phosphorylation.
Slug, a Cancer-Related Transcription Factor, is Involved in Vascular Smooth Muscle Cell Transdifferentiation Induced by Platelet-Derived Growth Factor-BB During Atherosclerosis.
Crizotinib versus chemotherapy: a real-world cost-effectiveness study in China.
Age-related Effects of Heroin on Gene Expression in the Hippocampus and Striatum of Cynomolgus Monkeys.
Novel functions for 2-phenylbenzimidazole-5-sulphonic acid: Inhibition of ovarian cancer cell responses and tumour angiogenesis.
Gene Regulatory Effect of Pyruvate Kinase M2 is Involved in Renal Inflammation in Type 2 Diabetic Nephropathy.
Clinical characteristics of colorectal cancer patients and anti-neoplasm activity of genistein.
SiNiSan ameliorates depression-like behavior in rats by enhancing synaptic plasticity via the CaSR-PKC-ERK signaling pathway.
The development of a novel transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) inhibitor that disrupts ligand-receptor interactions.
The MSC-Derived Exosomal lncRNA H19 Promotes Wound Healing in Diabetic Foot Ulcers by Upregulating PTEN via MicroRNA-152-3p.
Identification of the JAK-STAT pathway in canine splenic hemangiosarcoma, thyroid carcinoma, mast cell tumor, and anal sac adenocarcinoma.
Hepatic proteomic analysis of selenoprotein F knockout mice by iTRAQ: An implication for the roles of selenoprotein F in metabolism and diseases.
Novel signaling aspects of ceramide 1-phosphate.
LncRNA CASC2 inhibits astrocytic activation and adenosine metabolism by regulating PTEN in pentylenetetrazol-induced epilepsy model.
Mechanistic understanding of dendritic cell activation in skin sensitization: additional evidences to support potency classification.
Human papillomavirus insertions identify the PIM family of serine/threonine kinases as targetable driver genes in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
The curcumin analogue WZ35 affects glycolysis inhibition of gastric cancer cells through ROS-YAP-JNK pathway.
The cardiac CaMKII-Nav1.5 relationship: From physiology to pathology.
Osteoprotegerin promotes intimal hyperplasia and contributes to in-stent restenosis: Role of an alphaVbeta3/FAK dependent YAP pathway.
The role of circadian clock gene BMAL1 in vascular proliferation.
JMJD6-STAT3Y705ph axis promotes autophagy in osteosarcoma cancer cells by regulating ATG.
tec-1 kinase negatively regulates regenerative neurogenesis in planarians.
Emerging drugs for the treatment of vitiligo.
Upregulation of 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase (PFKFB3) by hyperactivated mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 is critical for tumor growth in tuberous sclerosis complex.
Penetrance of Parkinson \' s Disease in LRRK2 p.G2019S Carriers Is Modified by a Polygenic Risk Score.
YAP1 and TAZ negatively control bone angiogenesis by limiting hypoxia-inducible factor signaling in endothelial cells.
Differential upregulation of host cell protein kinases by the replication of alpha-, beta- and gamma-herpesviruses provides a signature of virus-specific signalling.
The disruption of invariant natural killer T cells exacerbates cardiac hypertrophy and failure due to pressure overload in mice.
Clinicopathological Features Predict Outcomes in Patients with Radioiodine-Refractory Differentiated Thyroid Cancer Treated with Sorafenib: A Real-World Study.
Long noncoding RNA ITGB2-AS1 promotes growth and metastasis through miR-4319/RAF1 axis in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Gli1 interacts with YAP1 to promote tumorigenesis in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Glutamine protects myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in rats through the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Effects of propofol on proliferation and apoptosis of cardia cancer cells via MAPK/ERK signaling pathway.
Losartan promotes myocardial apoptosis after acute myocardial infarction in rats through inhibiting Ang II-induced JAK/STAT pathway.
Expression of lncRNA-ANRIL in patients with coronary heart disease before and after treatment and its short-term prognosis predictive value.
Inhibition of alpha-enolase affects the biological activity of breast cancer cells by attenuating PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
LINC01093 promotes proliferation and invasion of non-small cell lung cancer cells via targeting akt signaling pathway.
Circular RNA hsa_circ_0006168 contributes to cell proliferation, migration and invasion in esophageal cancer by regulating miR-384/RBBP7 axis via activation of S6K/S6 pathway.
Long non-coding RNA BLACAT1 inhibits prostate cancer cell proliferation through sponging miR-361.
MicroRNA-149 suppresses the malignant phenotypes of ovarian cancer via downregulation of MSI2 and inhibition of PI3K/AKT pathway.
Human-origin Lactobacillus salivarius AR809 protects against immunosuppression in S. aureus-induced pharyngitis via Akt-mediated NF-kappaB and autophagy signaling pathways.
Relationship between epidermal growth factor receptor mutations and skin rash in non-small cell lung cancer patients.
Zika virus promotes CCN1 expression via the CaMKIIalpha-CREB pathway in astrocytes.
Vascular endothelial growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors for the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Plasma fluoroacetic acid concentrations: Symptoms, hematological, and biochemical characteristics in patients with fluoroacetic acid poisoning in the emergency department.
Procyanidin B2 Promotes Skeletal Slow-Twitch Myofiber Gene Expression through the AMPK Signaling Pathway in C2C12 Myotubes.
Hyperbaric oxygen activates visfatin expression and angiogenesis via angiotensin II and JNK pathway in hypoxic human coronary artery endothelial cells.
Knockout of LASP1 in CXCR4 expressing CML cells promotes cell persistence, proliferation and TKI resistance.
Cost-effectiveness of icotinib versus whole-brain irradiation with or without chemotherapy in EGFR-mutant NSCLC patients with brain metastases.
SPAG5-AS1 inhibited autophagy and aggravated apoptosis of podocytes via SPAG5/AKT/mTOR pathway.
TGR5 receptor activation attenuates diabetic retinopathy through suppression of RhoA/ROCK signaling.
Melanoma - time to fast or time to feast? An interplay between PPARs, metabolism and immunity.
Clinical and Molecular Aspects of Senataxin Mutations in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 4.
Angiopoietin-1/Tie-2 signal after focal traumatic brain injury is potentiated by BQ788, an ETB receptor antagonist, in the mouse cerebrum: Involvement in recovery of blood-brain barrier function.
Activation of the pattern recognition receptor NOD1 augments colon cancer metastasis.
SNHG3 Functions as miRNA Sponge to Promote Breast Cancer Cells Growth Through the Metabolic Reprogramming.
Immunotherapy-based combinations versus standard first-line treatment for metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Liquiritin inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis in HepG2 hepatocellular carcinoma cells via the ROS-mediated MAPK/AKT/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
KRCA-0008 suppresses ALK-positive anaplastic large-cell lymphoma growth.
Development of a Novel Cell-Permeable Protein-Protein Interaction Inhibitor for the Polo-box Domain of Polo-like Kinase 1.
Inkjet Bioprinting on Parchment Paper for Hit Identification from Small Molecule Libraries.
Physiological Implications of Orexins/Hypocretins on Energy Metabolism and Adipose Tissue Development.
Lorlatinib in anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive non-small cell lung cancer: Indian experience.
Debottlenecking mevalonate pathway for antimalarial drug precursor amorphadiene biosynthesis in Yarrowia lipolytica.
Rapid detection of EGFR mutations in decalcified lung cancer bone metastasis.
Exceptional Response of Metastatic Chromophobe Renal Cell Carcinoma to Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor (VEGF) Inhibitors: Should Increased VEGF-C Expression Be Used to Guide Treatment?
Squamous cell transformation as a mechanism of acquired resistance to tyrosine kinase inhibitor in EGFR-mutated lung adenocarcinoma: a report of two cases.
Nicotine Upregulates the Level of Mcl-1 through STAT3 in H1299 Cells.
Target Therapy With Vaccinia Virus Harboring IL-24 For Human Breast Cancer.
Luo Tong formula attenuates retinal inflammation in diabetic rats via inhibition of the p38MAPK/NF-kappaB pathway.
S-Equol ameliorates insulin secretion failure through Chrebp/Txnip signaling via modulating PKA/PP2A activities.
[A CASE OF RENAL CELL CARCINOMA THAT ONCE NIVOLUMAB HAD BEEN EFFECTIVE IN METASTATIC LESION AND MADE PRIMARY TUMOR RESECTABLE].
Exendin-4 Reduces Ventricular Arrhythmia Activity and Calcium Sparks-Mediated Sarcoplasmic Reticulum Ca Leak in Rats with Heart Failure.
Deferred Cytoreductive Nephrectomy Following Presurgical Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Receptor-targeted Therapy in Patients with Primary Metastatic Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma: A Pooled Analysis of Prospective Trial Data.
Integrin alphavbeta5 Internalizes Zika Virus during Neural Stem Cells Infection and Provides a Promising Target for Antiviral Therapy.
Cyclin-Dependent Kinase 5-Dependent BAG3 Degradation Modulates Synaptic Protein Turnover.
Salinomycin and dichloroacetate synergistically inhibit Lewis lung carcinoma cell proliferation, tumor growth and metastasis.
[Biology and signaling pathways involved in the oncogenesis of desmoid tumors].
Second-line lenvatinib in patients with recurrent endometrial cancer.
Oral tyrosine kinase inhibitors in OMFS: a review.
Dysregulated Expression of Phosphorylated Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor and Phosphatase and Tensin Homologue in Canine Cutaneous Papillomas and Squamous Cell Carcinomas.
Comparative proteomics reveals protective effect of resveratrol on a high-fat diet-induced damage to mice testis.
[Chloroxoquinoline inhibits invasion in breast cancer via down-regulating Rho/Rho kinase signaling pathway].
Simvastatin alleviated diabetes mellitus-induced erectile dysfunction in rats by enhancing AMPK pathway-induced autophagy.
Metabolism-associated molecular classification of hepatocellular carcinoma.
CCL5 mediates target-kinase independent resistance to FLT3 inhibitors in FLT3-ITD-positive AML.
Effects of TGF-beta1 on plasminogen activation in stem cells from apical papilla: Role of ALK5/Smad2, and MEK/ERK signaling.
Metformin Delays the Development of Atherosclerosis in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus via the Methylglyoxal Pathway.
Observational Study of Treatment Patterns in Patients with Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Mutation-Positive Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer After First-Line EGFR-Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors.
Exchange protein directly activated by cAMP (Epac) 1 plays an essential role in stress-induced exercise capacity by regulating PGC-1alpha and fatty acid metabolism in skeletal muscle.
Scopoletin Activates Adenosine Monophosphate-Activated Protein Kinase/Mammalian Target of Rapamycin Signaling Pathway and Improves Functional Recovery after Spinal Cord Injury in Rats.
Circular RNA HIPK3 downregulation mediates hydrogen peroxide-induced cytotoxicity in human osteoblasts.
SOX7 is involved in polyphyllin D-induced G0/G1 cell cycle arrest through down-regulation of cyclin D1.
Effects of telomerase overexpression in the model organism Caenorhabditis elegans.
The CCR5 antagonist maraviroc causes remission of pancreatic cancer liver metastasis in nude rats based on cell cycle inhibition and apoptosis induction.
Early high-frequency spinal cord stimulation treatment inhibited the activation of spinal mitogen-activated protein kinases and ameliorated spared nerve injury-induced neuropathic pain in rats.
OSU-A9 induced-reactive oxygen species cause cytotoxicity in duodenal and gastric cancer cells by decreasing phosphorylated nuclear pyruvate kinase M2 protein levels.
LINC00152 promotes hepatocellular carcinoma progression by regulating PI3k/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway through miR-139/PIK3CA.
Safety and efficacy of nazartinib (EGF816) in adults with EGFR-mutant non-small-cell lung carcinoma: a multicentre, open-label, phase 1 study.
Proteasome activity and expression of mammalian target of rapamycin signaling factors in skeletal muscle of dairy cows supplemented with conjugated linoleic acids during early lactation.
IC261 suppresses progression of hepatocellular carcinoma in a casein kinase 1 delta/epsilon independent manner.
Methionine stimulates GlyRS phosphorylation via the GPR87-CDC42/Rac1-MAP3K10 signaling pathway.
Not All Peritoneal Implants Are Created Equal.
Advances in molecular classification and precision oncology in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Effect of food contamination and collection material in the measurement of biomarkers in saliva of horses.
Does photobiomodulation change the synthesis and secretion of angiogenic proteins by different pulp cell lineages?
TORC1 ensures membrane trafficking of Tat2 tryptophan permease via a novel transcriptional activator Vhr2 in budding yeast.
The regulation of p53, p38 MAPK, JNK and XBP-1s by sphingosine kinases in human embryonic kidney cells.
Syndecan-1 regulates extracellular matrix expression in keloid fibroblasts via TGF-beta1/Smad and MAPK signaling pathways.
Placental function and fetal weight are associated with maternal hemodynamic indices in uncomplicated pregnancies at 35-37 weeks gestation.
Behavioral abnormalities and phosphorylation deficits of extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2 in rat offspring of the maternal immune activation model.
The role of Self Nano Emulsifying drug delivery systems of CDODA-Me in sensitizing Erlotinib resistant Nonsmall cell lung cancer.
Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3 and phospholipase C-beta signalling: Roles and possible interactions in myelodysplastic syndromes and acute myeloid leukemia.
A common signaling pathway leading to degranulation in mast cells and its regulation by CCR1-ligand.
Diabeto-theranostics.
Detection of somatic mutations in peritoneal lavages and plasma of endometrial cancer patients: a proof-of-concept study.
E1021K Homozygous Mutation in PIK3CD Leads to Activated PI3K-Delta Syndrome 1.
MicroRNA-125a-3p participates in odontoblastic differentiation of dental pulp stem cells by targeting Fyn.
Nanospheres as a technological alternative to suppress hepatic cellular damage and impaired bioenergetics caused by nerolidol in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus).
Alda-1, an Aldehyde Dehydrogenase 2 Agonist, Improves Cutaneous Wound Healing by Activating Epidermal Keratinocytes via Akt/GSK-3beta/beta-Catenin Pathway.
Role of p90 ribosomal S6 kinase in long-term synaptic facilitation and enhanced neuronal excitability.
The Japanese herbal medicine Hangeshashinto enhances oral keratinocyte migration to facilitate healing of chemotherapy-induced oral ulcerative mucositis.
Activation of RSK by phosphomimetic substitution in the activation loop is prevented by structural constraints.
Effects of intermittent hypoxia on the cell survival and inflammatory responses in the intertidal marine bivalves Mytilus edulis and Crassostrea gigas.
Cell-specific and athero-protective roles for RIPK3 in a murine model of atherosclerosis.
The role of Astakine in Scylla paramamosain against Vibrio alginolyticus and white spot syndrome virus infection.
Decreased secretion of tumor necrosis factor-alpha attenuates macrophages-induced insulin resistance in skeletal muscle.
Biochemical characterization of tirabrutinib and other irreversible inhibitors of Bruton \' s tyrosine kinase reveals differences in on - and off - target inhibition.
Upregulation of Connexin 40 mediated by nitric oxide attenuates cerebral vasospasm after subarachnoid hemorrhage via the NO-cGMP-PKG pathway.
Fluid shear stress induces endothelial cell injury via PKCalpha-mediated repression of p120-catenin and vascular endothelial cadherin in vitro.
miR-431 Promotes Metastasis of Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors by Targeting DAB2 Interacting Protein, a Ras GTPase Activating Protein Tumor Suppressor.
Maladaptive consequences of repeated intermittent exposure to uncertainty.
Membrane and Actin Tethering Transitions Help IQGAP1 Coordinate GTPase and Lipid Messenger Signaling.
Mutant p53 on the Path to Metastasis.
Secondary cardiac involvement in anti-SRP-antibody-positive myopathy: an 87-year-old woman with heart failure symptoms as the first clinical presentation.
What are the considerations for tyrosine kinase inhibitor discontinuation in chronic-phase chronic myeloid leukemia?
Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Contributes to Indomethacin-Induced Glioma Apoptosis.
Antidiabetic Effect of Casein Glycomacropeptide Hydrolysates on High-Fat Diet and STZ-Induced Diabetic Mice via Regulating Insulin Signaling in Skeletal Muscle and Modulating Gut Microbiota.
Induction of HO-1 by Mevastatin Mediated via a Nox/ROS-Dependent c-Src/PDGFRalpha/PI3K/Akt/Nrf2/ARE Cascade Suppresses TNF-alpha-Induced Lung Inflammation.
Open Data for Differential Network Analysis in Glioma.
Heat-Killed Bifidobacterium breve B-3 Enhances Muscle Functions: Possible Involvement of Increases in Muscle Mass and Mitochondrial Biogenesis.
Inhibition of Xanthine Oxidoreductase Enhances the Potential of Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors against Chronic Myeloid Leukemia.
Long-Term Effect of Combination of Creatine Monohydrate Plus beta-Hydroxy beta-Methylbutyrate (HMB) on Exercise-Induced Muscle Damage and Anabolic/Catabolic Hormones in Elite Male Endurance Athletes.
The age of the bull influences the transcriptome and epigenome of blastocysts produced by IVF.
Effects of phosphorylation on the activity of glycogen phosphorylase in mutton during incubation at 4  C in vitro.
Study of the binding affinity between imatinib and alpha-1 glycoprotein using nuclear spin relaxation and isothermal titration calorimetry.
Lithium treatment mitigates white matter injury after intracerebral hemorrhage through brain-derived neurotrophic factor signaling in mice.
JAK-ing into M1/M2 Polarization SteErs Salmonella-Containing Macrophages Away from Immune Attack to Promote Bacterial Persistence.
Expanding the Degradable Proteome: Designing PROTACs by the Book.
Lower limb muscle magnetic resonance imaging in Chinese patients with myotonic dystrophy type 1.
Comparing the Conformational Stability of Pyruvate Kinase in the Gas Phase and in Solution.
Erythroblastic sarcoma with rare PDGFRA rearrangement responding to tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy.
Downregulation of SEMA4C Inhibit Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition (EMT) and the Invasion and Metastasis of Cervical Cancer Cells via Inhibiting Transforming Growth Factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta1)-Induced Hela cells p38 Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase (MAPK) Activation.
An RNA Surprise in Bacterial Effector Mechanisms.
Casein Kinase 1delta Triggers Giant Ankyrin Expression.
(Sterol)ized Immunity: Could PI3K/AKT3 Be the Answer?
Partners in Crime: Clandestine Operations among RAS-RAF Accomplices in Promoting Tumorigenesis.
The potential targets and mechanisms of a carbazole and pyrazole containing anticancer compound.
Carbazole derivatives as kinase-targeting inhibitors for cancer treatment.
Insights into the venom protein components of the egg parasitoid Anastatus japonicus (Hymenoptera: Eupelmidae).
Critical roles of long noncoding RNAs in breast cancer.
TRIM59, amplified in ovarian cancer, promotes tumorigenesis through the MKP3/ERK pathway.
Correcting abnormalities in miR-124/PTPN1 signaling rescues tau pathology in Alzheimer \' s disease.
An oxidatively damaged G-quadruplex/hemin DNAzyme.
[Effects of HOXA1 Gene Antisense Oligonucleotides on Growth of Esophageal Cancer Cells].
Assessment of PDGFRbeta promoter methylation in canine osteosarcoma using methylation-sensitive high-resolution melting analysis.
A bifunctional salvage pathway for two distinct S-adenosylmethionine byproducts that is widespread in bacteria, including pathogenic Escherichia coli.
GSK2 Stabilizes OFP3 to Suppress Brassinosteroid Responses in Rice.
Hypertension prevalence, awareness, treatment, and control in Surinamese living in Suriname and The Netherlands: the HELISUR and HELIUS studies.
Recent insights into sodium and potassium handling by the aldosterone-sensitive distal nephron: a review of the relevant physiology.
Calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase IV signaling pathway is upregulated in experimental necrotizing enterocolitis.
Downregulation of CDK5 Restores Sevoflurane-Induced Cognitive Dysfunction by Promoting SIRT1-Mediated Autophagy.
FYN tyrosine kinase, a downstream target of receptor tyrosine kinases, modulates anti-glioma immune responses.
Neurologic and oncologic features of Erdheim-Chester disease: a 30-patient series.
Tripartite Motif Containing 11 Interacts with DUSP6 to Promote the Growth of Human Osteosarcoma Cells through Regulating ERK1/2 Pathway.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Inhibits Expression of Fibrotic Mediators in Mice With Chronic Pancreatitis.
Overcoming the Intrinsic Gefitinib-resistance via Downregulation of AXL in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy caused by infusion reaction to trastuzumab.
Melanogenic Effects of Maclurin Are Mediated through the Activation of cAMP/PKA/CREB and p38 MAPK/CREB Signaling Pathways.
MicroRNA-23b attenuates the H2O2-induced injury of microglial cells via TAB3/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
NUAK1 knockdown suppresses prostate cancer cell epithelial-mesenchymal transition, migration, and invasion through microRNA-30b-5p.
Cordyceps sinensis prevents contrast-induced nephropathy in diabetic rats: its underlying mechanism.
BCAT1 promotes proliferation of endometrial cancer cells through reprogrammed BCAA metabolism.
Pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 1 interferes with glucose metabolism reprogramming and mitochondrial quality control to aggravate stress damage in cancer.
Overexpression of RACK1 Predicts Poor Prognosis in Melanoma.
Recent advances and optimal management of human epidermal growth factor receptor-2-positive early-stage breast cancer.
CDK6 inhibits lymphoid cell infiltration and represents a prognostic marker in HPV+ squamous cell carcinoma of head and neck.
The role of a new insulin-like peptide in the pearl oyster Pinctada fucata martensii.
Targeting Forward and Reverse EphB4/EFNB2 Signaling by a Peptide with Dual Functions.
Induction of E6AP by microRNA-302c dysregulation inhibits TGF-beta-dependent fibrogenesis in hepatic stellate cells.
Flavanomarein inhibits high glucose-stimulated epithelial-mesenchymal transition in HK-2 cells via targeting spleen tyrosine kinase.
The basis for non-canonical ROK family function in the N-acetylmannosamine kinase from the pathogen Staphylococcus aureus.
HYBID and hyaluronan synthase coordinately regulate hyaluronan metabolism in histamine-stimulated skin fibroblasts.
Depotentiation depends on IP3 receptor activation sustained by synaptic inputs after LTP induction.
Target of Rapamycin Signaling in Plant Stress Responses.
Low dose Btk inhibitors selectively block platelet activation by CLEC-2.
Targeting PD-1 or PD-L1 in Metastatic Kidney Cancer - Combination Therapy in the First Line Setting.
Rational modulation of the enzymatic intermediates for tuning the phosphatase activity of histidine kinase HK853.
Telmisartan attenuates obesity-induced insulin resistance via suppression of AMPK mediated ER stress.
miR-155 inhibits mitophagy through suppression of BAG5, a partner protein of PINK1.
Cyclic-AMP induces Nogo-A receptor NgR1 internalization and inhibits Nogo-A-mediated collapse of growth cone.
The body \' s integrated repair kit: Studying mesenchymal stem cells for better ligament repair.
Functional characterization of tumor antigen-specific T-cells isolated from the tumor microenvironment of sleeping beauty induced murine glioma models.
[Influence of dasatinib treatment on body height in children with acute myeloid leukemia].
First-in-human phase I study of BPI-9016M, a dual MET/Axl inhibitor, in patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
Genome-wide survey and expression analysis of calcium-dependent protein kinase (CDPK) in grass Brachypodium distachyon.
Receptor kinase FERONIA regulates flowering time in Arabidopsis.
Safety of Custodiol cardioplegia: a cohort study in patients undergoing cardiac surgery with elongated aortic cross-clamp time.
miR-218 Inhibits Mitochondrial Clearance by Targeting PRKN E3 Ubiquitin Ligase.
Inhibition of FGFR2-Signaling Attenuates a Homology-Mediated DNA Repair in GIST and Sensitizes Them to DNA-Topoisomerase II Inhibitors.
The Anti-Proliferative and Anti-Invasive Effect of Leaf Extracts of Blueberry Plants Treated with Methyl Jasmonate on Human Gastric Cancer In Vitro Is Related to Their Antioxidant Properties.
Structural Characterization of the CD44 Stem Region for Standard and Cancer-Associated Isoforms.
Lysosomal Fusion: An Efficient Mechanism Increasing Their Sequestration Capacity for Weak Base Drugs without Apparent Lysosomal Biogenesis.
Hedgehog and Gpr161: Regulating cAMP Signaling in the Primary Cilium.
Suppression of beta1-Adrenoceptor Autoantibodies is Involved in the Antiarrhythmic Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Male and Female Hypertensive Rats.
Inhibitory Effects of Peptide Lunasin in Colorectal Cancer HCT-116 Cells and Their Tumorsphere-Derived Subpopulation.
Methylglyoxal-Dependent Glycative Stress and Deregulation of SIRT1 Functional Network in the Ovary of PCOS Mice.
Direct Activation of TRPC3 Channels by the Antimalarial Agent Artemisinin.
Crosstalk between PTEN/PI3K/Akt Signalling and DNA Damage in the Oocyte: Implications for Primordial Follicle Activation, Oocyte Quality and Ageing.
Signaling Response to Transient Redox Stress in Human Isolated T Cells: Molecular Sensor Role of Syk Kinase and Functional Involvement of IL2 Receptor and L-Selectine.
Characterization of Venom Components and Their Phylogenetic Properties in Some Aculeate Bumblebees and Wasps.
Improvements of Motor Performances in the Drosophila LRRK2 Loss-of-Function Model of Parkinson \' s Disease: Effects of Dialyzed Leucocyte Extracts from Human Serum.
A Pipeline for the Registration of Calcium Transient Data to Structural Networks of the Interstitial Cells of Cajal.
Extreme down-regulation of chromosome Y and cancer risk in men.
Clearing of circulating tumour DNA predicts clinical response to first line tyrosine kinase inhibitors in advanced epidermal growth factor receptor mutated non-small cell lung cancer.
MiR-297 alleviates LPS-induced A549 cell and mice lung injury via targeting cyclin dependent kinase 8.
Scopoletin increases glucose uptake through activation of PI3K and AMPK signaling pathway and improves insulin sensitivity in 3T3-L1 cells.
miR-7112-3p targets PERK to regulate the endoplasmic reticulum stress pathway and apoptosis induced by photodynamic therapy in colorectal cancer CX-1 cells.
MOP-dependent enhancement of methadone on the effectiveness of ALA-PDT for A172 cells by upregulating phosphorylated JNK and BCL2.
Regulation of the SIRT1 signaling pathway in NMDA-induced Excitotoxicity.
Calcium-inducible MAPK/AP-1 signaling drives semaphorin 3A expression in normal human epidermal keratinocytes.
Steroid receptor RNA activator (SRA), a long noncoding RNA, activates p38, facilitates epithelial mesenchymal transformation, and experimental melanoma metastasis.
Cantharidin suppresses gastric cancer cell migration/invasion by inhibiting the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway via CCAT1.
Altered Lipid Domains Facilitate Enhanced Pulmonary Vasoconstriction Following Chronic Hypoxia.
Proprotein Convertase 7 (PCSK7) Reduces apoA-V Levels.
Tyrosine kinase inhibitors and interferon-alpha increase tunneling nanotube (TNT) formation and cell adhesion in chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) cell lines.
Anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome-Cdc-20 promotes Zwint-1 degradation.
JNK Phosphorylates The Neh6 Domain Of Nrf2 And Downregulates Cytoprotective Genes In Acetaminophen-Induced Liver Injury.
Preliminary evaluation of a novel nine-biomarker profile for the prediction of autism spectrum disorder.
Inhibition of TrkB Kinase Activity Impairs Transdiaphragmatic Pressure Generation.
Exercise Effects on gamma3-AMPK Activity, Phosphorylation of Akt2 and AS160, and Insulin-stimulated Glucose Uptake in Insulin-Resistant Rat Skeletal Muscle.
In vitro exposure to metformin activates human spermatozoa at therapeutically relevant concentrations.
Glycosylation deletion of hemagglutinin head in the H5 subtype avian influenza virus enhances its virulence in mammals by inducing endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Partial Least Squares Discriminant Analysis and 3D Similarity Perspective Applied to Analyze Comprehensively the Selectivity of Glycogen Synthase Kinase 3 Inhibitors.
Protein Kinase D3 promotes the cell proliferation by activating the ERK1/c-MYC axis in breast cancer.
Establishment of cohesion 1 homolog 2 facilitates cell aggressive behaviors and induces poor prognosis in renal cell carcinoma.
The Shc protein Rai enhances T-cell survival under hypoxia.
Effect of Dasatinib vs Imatinib in the Treatment of Pediatric Philadelphia Chromosome-Positive Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Gab1 mediates PDGF signaling and is essential to oligodendrocyte differentiation and CNS myelination.
Metabolic effects of RUBCN/Rubicon deficiency in kidney proximal tubular epithelial cells.
Phosphatase POPX2 interferes with cell cycle by interacting with Chk1.
Disulfide Cleavage in a Dimeric Epipolythiodioxopiperazine Natural Product Diminishes Its Apoptosis-Inducing Effect but Enhances Autophagy in Tumor Cells.
Use of Serine/Threonine Ligation for the Total Chemical Synthesis of HMGA1a Protein with Site-Specific Lysine Acetylations.
Responses to Cytokine Inhibitors Associated with Cellular Composition in Models of Immune-Mediated Inflammatory Arthritis.
Abivertinib in patients with T790M-positive advanced NSCLC and its subsequent treatment with osimertinib.
Effect of structural descriptors on the design of cyclin dependent kinase inhibitors using similarity-based molecular evolution.
Overcoming resistance by ALK compound mutation (I1171S + G1269A) after sequential treatment of multiple ALK inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer.
Deciphering the molecular mechanism of FLT3 resistance mutations.
Nitrogen storage regulation by PII protein: lessons learned from taxonomic outliers.
The combination of FLT3 and SYK kinase inhibitors is toxic to leukaemia cells with CBL mutations.
Resveratrol protects human bronchial epithelial cells against nickel-induced toxicity via suppressing p38 MAPK, NF-kappaB signaling, and NLRP3 inflammasome activation.
Fibroblast growth factor-2 and interleukin-4 synergistically induce eotaxin-1 expression in adipose tissue-derived stromal cells.
AMPK Activation Suppresses mTOR/S6K1 Phosphorylation and Induces Leucine Resistance in Rats with Sepsis.
The strengths and limitations of using biolayer interferometry to monitor equilibrium titrations of biomolecules.
Blockade of JAK2 protects mice against hypoxia-induced pulmonary arterial hypertension by repressing pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation.
Ketogenic diets and protective mechanisms in epilepsy, metabolic disorders, cancer, neuronal loss, and muscle and nerve degeneration.
The constitutive high affinity Met binding site in the kringle domain is dispensable for the signaling activity of hepatocyte growth factor.
The intellectual disability PAK3 R67C mutation impacts cognitive functions and adult hippocampal neurogenesis.
Delineating a role for the Mitochondrial Permeability Transition Pore in Diabetic Kidney Disease by targeting Cyclophilin D.
Supply of methionine and arginine alters phosphorylation of mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR), circadian clock proteins, and alpha-s1-casein abundance in bovine mammary epithelial cells.
Research Progress of 70 kDa Ribosomal Protein S6 Kinase (P70S6K) Inhibitors as Effective Therapeutic Tools for Obesity, Type II Diabetes and Cancer.
Investigation of the effects of indoxyl sulfate, a uremic toxin, on the intracellular oxidation level and phagocytic activity using an HL-60-differentiated human macrophage cell model.
Systematic review of neurotrophic tropomyosin-related kinase inhibition as a tumor-agnostic management strategy.
A historical turning point for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma: inhibition of immune checkpoint.
The small molecule AZD6244 inhibits dengue virus replication in vitro and protects against lethal challenge in a mouse model.
Increased activation of PI3 kinase-delta predisposes to B cell lymphoma.
Three previously characterized resistances to yellow rust are encoded by a single locus Wtk1.
Concerted hydrolysis mechanism of HIV-1 natural substrate against subtypes B and C-SA PR: insight through molecular dynamics and hybrid QM/MM studies.
Reducing Wound Hemorrhage: Use of Bilayer Collagen Matrix in Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia.
What do archaeal and eukaryotic histidine kinases sense?
Enhancement of FAK alleviates ventilator-induced alveolar epithelial cell injury.
A CBL-interacting protein kinase AdCIPK5 confers salt and osmotic stress tolerance in transgenic tobacco.
Stromal cell protein kinase C-beta inhibition enhances chemosensitivity in B cell malignancies and overcomes drug resistance.
beta-amyloid redirects norepinephrine signaling to activate the pathogenic GSK3beta/tau cascade.
Linking Sfl1 Regulation of Hyphal Development to Stress Response Kinases in Candida albicans.
Roles of the different isoforms of the pseudorabies virus protein kinase pUS3 in nuclear egress.
IGF2 autocrine-mediated IGF1R activation is a clinically relevant mechanism of osimertinib resistance in lung cancer.
Leukotriene B4 receptor type 2 (BLT2) accelerates the healing of intestinal lesions by promoting epithelial cell proliferation.
The EGFR Exon 19 Mutant L747-A750&gt;P Exhibits Distinct Sensitivity to Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors in Lung Adenocarcinoma-Letter.
Editor \' s Note: p38 Mitogen-activated Protein Kinase Pathway Suppresses Cell Survival by Inducing Dephosphorylation of Mitogen-activated Protein/Extracellular Signal-regulated Kinase Kinase1,2.
Correction: Combined Depletion of Cell Cycle and Transcriptional Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Activities Induces Apoptosis in Cancer Cells.
TrkB signaling influences gene expression in cortistatin-expressing interneurons.
Adaption of an autonomously cascade DNA circuit for amplified detection and intracellular imaging of polynucleotide kinase with ultralow background.
The stability of CREB3/Luman is regulated by protein kinase CK2 phosphorylation.
Mesenchymal stem cells promote human melanocytes proliferation and resistance to apoptosis through PTEN pathway in vitiligo.
Transcriptomic profiling disclosed the role of DNA methylation and histone modifications in tumor-infiltrating myeloid-derived suppressor cell subsets in colorectal cancer.
Transcriptome-based screening of intracellular pathways and angiogenesis related genes at different stages of thiram induced tibial lesions in broiler chickens.
Atg38-Atg8 interaction in fission yeast establishes a positive feedback loop to promote autophagy.
Beneficial bacteria activate type-I interferon production via the intracellular cytosolic sensors STING and MAVS.
Short-Term Exposure to Waterpipe/Hookah Smoke Triggers a Hyperactive Platelet Activation State and Increases the Risk of Thrombogenesis.
Electroacupuncture reduces fibromyalgia pain by downregulating the TRPV1-pERK signalling pathway in the mouse brain.
Tomatidine Represses Invasion and Migration of Human Osteosarcoma U2OS and HOS Cells by Suppression of Presenilin 1 and c-Raf-MEK-ERK Pathway.
Targeting Aberrant RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK Signaling for Cancer Therapy.
In Depth Analysis of Kinase Cross Screening Data to Identify CAMKK2 Inhibitory Scaffolds.
Licochalcone A Inhibits BDNF and TrkB Gene Expression and Hypoxic Growth of Human Tumor Cell Lines.
Autophagy Promotes Duck Tembusu Virus Replication by Suppressing p62/SQSTM1-Mediated Innate Immune Responses In Vitro.
Sitravatinib Sensitizes ABCB1- and ABCG2-Overexpressing Multidrug-Resistant Cancer Cells to Chemotherapeutic Drugs.
Crosstalk between NLRP12 and JNK during Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Dietary Silk Peptide Prevents High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Promotes Adipose Browning by Activating AMP-Activated Protein Kinase in Mice.
Host-Induced Gene Silencing of an Adenylate Kinase Gene Involved in Fungal Energy Metabolism Improves Plant Resistance to Verticillium dahliae.
FAK-Dependent Cell Motility and Cell Elongation.
Up-Regulation of Superoxide Dismutase 2 in 3D Spheroid Formation Promotes Therapeutic Potency of Human Umbilical Cord Blood-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Diospyrin on Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Inflammation Using RAW 264.7 Mouse Macrophages.
Fat Mass and Obesity-Associated Stimulates Osteogenic Differentiation of C3H10T1/2 Cells by Inducing Mild Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress via a Positive Feedback Loop with p-AMPK.
JAK Inhibitor Therapy in a Child with Inherited USP18 Deficiency.
Advances in the genotypic diagnosis of cytomegalovirus antiviral drug resistance.
The Kinase IKKbeta Regulates a STING-and NF-kappaB-Dependent Antiviral Response Pathway in Drosophila.
Functions for Cdc42p BEM Adaptors in Regulating a Differentiation-Type MAP Kinase Pathway.
TNFalpha Selectively Activates the IRE1alpha/XBP1 Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Pathway in Human Airway Smooth Muscle Cells.
A Rose Bengal-Amphiphilic peptide conjugate for enhanced Photodynamic Therapy of Malignant Melanoma.
A New Generation of Treatments for Itch.
Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Contributes to Nociception via Neuroinflammation in a Murine Bone Cancer Pain Model.
Evaluation of a liquid biopsy protocol using ultra-deep massive parallel sequencing for detecting and quantifying circulation tumor DNA in colorectal cancer patients.
Muscle Weakness in Adults: Evaluation and Differential Diagnosis.
Neuroprotective effect of CPCGI on Alzheimer \' s disease and its mechanism.
Inhibition of TPA-induced metastatic potential by morin hydrate in MCF-7 human breast cancer cells via the Akt/GSK-3beta/c-Fos signaling pathway.
The role of DOT1L in the proliferation and prognosis of gastric cancer.
lncRNA OIP5-AS1 targets ROCK1 to promote cell proliferation and inhibit cell apoptosis through a mechanism involving miR-143-3p in cervical cancer.
GDF11 ameliorated myocardial ischemia reperfusion injury by antioxidant stress and up-regulating autophagy in STZ-induced type 1 diabetic rats.
Interaction of Nuclear Receptor Subfamily 4 Group A Member 1 (Nr4a1) and Liver Linase B1 (LKB1) Mitigates Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus by Activating Monophosphate-Activated Protein Kinase (AMPK)/Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) Axis and Inhibiting Nuclear Factor-kappa B (NF-kappaB) Activation.
Tumor shrinkage rate as a potential marker for the prediction of long-term outcome in advanced non-small cell lung cancer treated with first-line tyrosine kinase inhibitors.
Selective Janus kinase inhibitors: Promising drugs for rheumatoid arthritis.
Kinase activity-tagged western blotting assay.
Interleukin-8-Induced Invasion Assay in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Cells.
The Structures of Eukaryotic Transcription Pre-initiation Complexes and Their Functional Implications.
LogP prediction performance with the SMD solvation model and the M06 density functional family for SAMPL6 blind prediction challenge molecules.
Human biodistribution and radiation dosimetry of [18F]DASA-23, a PET probe targeting pyruvate kinase M2.
Molecular characterization and genetic diversity of the infectious laryngotracheitis virus strains circulating in Egypt during the outbreaks of 2018 and 2019.
[Personalized medicine in the treatment of periocular tumors : Targeted treatment and use of immune checkpoint inhibitors].
The Use of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Type 2-Targeting Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors in the Management of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Type 2-Positive Gastric Cancer: A Narrative Review.
Lipid oversupply induces CD36 sarcolemmal translocation via dual modulation of PKCzeta and TBC1D1: an early event prior to insulin resistance.
The Roles of GSK-3beta in Regulation of Retinoid Signaling and Sorafenib Treatment Response in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Specific targeting of PDGFRbeta in the stroma inhibits growth and angiogenesis in tumors with high PDGF-BB expression.
Deubiquitinase USP28 inhibits ubiquitin ligase KLHL2-mediated uridine-cytidine kinase 1 degradation and confers sensitivity to 5 \' -azacytidine-resistant human leukemia cells.
Huoxue Wentong Formula ameliorates myocardial infarction in rats through inhibiting CaMKII oxidation and phosphorylation.
The hypoglycemic mechanism of catalpol involves increased AMPK-mediated mitochondrial biogenesis.
Monocarboxylate transporter 1 blockade with AZD3965 inhibits lipid biosynthesis and increases tumour immune cell infiltration.
Glycofullerenes as non-receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors- towards better nanotherapeutics for pancreatic cancer treatment.
Haspin-dependent and independent effects of the kinase inhibitor 5-Iodotubercidin on self-renewal and differentiation.
Stochastic Expression of Sae-Dependent Virulence Genes during Staphylococcus aureus Biofilm Development Is Dependent on SaeS.
Unique Microbial Catabolic Pathway for the Human Core N-Glycan Constituent Fucosyl-alpha-1,6-N-Acetylglucosamine-Asparagine.
A combinatorial strategy for targeting BRAF V600E mutant cancers with BRAF V600E inhibitor (PLX4720) and tyrosine kinase inhibitor (ponatinib).
Gene Expression Signatures Identify Novel Therapeutics for Metastatic Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors.
Plasma thymidine kinase activity as a biomarker in patients with luminal metastatic breast cancer treated with palbociclib within the TREnd trial.
First-in-human Phase I study to evaluate the brain-penetrant PI3K/mTOR inhibitor GDC-0084 in patients with progressive or recurrent high-grade glioma.
Impact of EGFR-TKI treatment on the tumor immune microenvironment in EGFR mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer.
The Vibrio cholerae MARTX toxin silences the inflammatory response to cytoskeletal damage before inducing actin cytoskeleton collapse.
Optogenetic control of spine-head JNK reveals a role in dendritic spine regression.
Front-Line Therapy in Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer With Sensitive Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Mutations: a Network Meta-Analysis.
Amelioration of bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis via TGF-beta-induced Smad and non-Smad signaling pathways in galectin-9-deficient mice and fibroblast cells.
Microglia P2X4R-BDNF signalling contributes to central sensitization in a recurrent nitroglycerin-induced chronic migraine model.
Utilizing nanotechnology to recuperate sorafenib for lung cancer treatment: challenges and future perspective.
[Bioinformatics analysis of severe emphysema genome microarray based on GEO database].
TGF-beta1 Increases GDNF Production by Upregulating the Expression of GDNF and Furin in Human Granulosa-Lutein Cells.
Inhibition of Alternative Cancer Cell Metabolism of EGFR Mutated Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Serves as a Potential Therapeutic Strategy.
Jejunal Insulin Signalling Is Increased in Morbidly Obese Subjects with High Insulin Resistance and Is Regulated by Insulin and Leptin.
Insights into Activation Mechanisms of Store-Operated TRPC1 Channels in Vascular Smooth Muscle.
The Skin-Whitening Effects of Ectoine via the Suppression of alpha-MSH-Stimulated Melanogenesis and the Activation of Antioxidant Nrf2 Pathways in UVA-Irradiated Keratinocytes.
Anisotropic Platinum Nanoparticle-Induced Cytotoxicity, Apoptosis, Inflammatory Response, and Transcriptomic and Molecular Pathways in Human Acute Monocytic Leukemia Cells.
ESC, ALK, HOT and LOT: Three Letter Acronyms of Emerging Renal Entities Knocking on the Door of the WHO Classification.
Curcumin-Mediated Apoptotic Cell Death in Papillary Thyroid Cancer and Cancer Stem-Like Cells through Targeting of the JAK/STAT3 Signaling Pathway.
The EGFR-ERK/JNK-CCL20 Pathway in Scratched Keratinocytes May Underpin Koebnerization in Psoriasis Patients.
Sorafenib Inhibits Ribonucleotide Reductase Regulatory Subunit M2 (RRM2) in Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cells.
Maternal Serum Placental Growth Factor, Soluble Fms-Like Tyrosine Kinase-1, and Soluble Endoglin in Twin Gestations and the Risk of Preeclampsia-A Systematic Review.
Ferroptosis in Cancer Cell Biology.
Dynamic Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Uncharacterized Complex Regulatory Pathway Underlying Dose IBA-Induced Embryogenic Redifferentiation in Cotton.
Uncovering the Pharmacological Mechanism of Stemazole in the Treatment of Neurodegenerative Diseases Based on a Network Pharmacology Approach.
Structure-Based Virtual Screening, Molecular Dynamics and Binding Free Energy Calculations of Hit Candidates as ALK-5 Inhibitors.
Cortactin: A Major Cellular Target of the Gastric Carcinogen Helicobacter pylori.
TYK2 in Tumor Immunosurveillance.
Expression of Melatonin and Dopamine D3 Receptor Heteromers in Eye Ciliary Body Epithelial Cells and Negative Correlation with Ocular Hypertension.
Protein Phosphatases in G1 Regulation.
Phytochemicals and Gastrointestinal Cancer: Cellular Mechanisms and Effects to Change Cancer Progression.
PIP2 Mediated Inhibition of TREK Potassium Currents by Bradykinin in Mouse Sympathetic Neurons.
Roles of TrkC Signaling in the Regulation of Tumorigenicity and Metastasis of Cancer.
IGF-1 Signalling Regulates Mitochondria Dynamics and Turnover through a Conserved GSK-3beta-Nrf2-BNIP3 Pathway.
Metformin Inhibits Tumor Metastasis through Suppressing Hsp90alpha Secretion in an AMPKalpha1-PKCgamma Dependent Manner.
Rho Kinase Activity, Connexin 40, and Atrial Fibrillation: Mechanistic Insights from End-Stage Renal Disease on Dialysis Patients.
Weighted Correlation Network Analysis Reveals CDK2 as a Regulator of a Ubiquitous Environmental Toxin-Induced Cell-Cycle Arrest.
Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Inhibitors and T-Cell-Dependent Immunotherapy in Cancer.
Campylobacter concisus Impairs Sodium Absorption in Colonic Epithelium via ENaC Dysfunction and Claudin-8 Disruption.
Herba Houttuyniae Extract Benefits Hyperlipidemic Mice via Activation of the AMPK/PGC-1alpha/Nrf2 Cascade.
SIRT3 Acts as a Positive Autophagy Regulator to Promote Lipid Mobilization in Adipocytes via Activating AMPK.
Inhibitory Effects of Myricetin on Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Neuroinflammation.
Identification and Biological Evaluation of CK2 Allosteric Fragments through Structure-Based Virtual Screening.
Reduced Sulfation Enhanced Oxytosis and Ferroptosis in Mouse Hippocampal HT22 Cells.
Mutations That Confer Drug-Resistance, Oncogenicity and Intrinsic Activity on the ERK MAP Kinases-Current State of the Art.
Malignant Hyperthermia Susceptibility
Recent advancements in the treatment of metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma: A review of the evidence using second-generation p-values.
Tumor-educated platelet as liquid biopsy in lung cancer patients.
TERT-rs33963617 and CLPTM1L-rs77518573 reduce the risk of non-small cell lung cancer in Chinese population.
Tolerance induced by DHPG postconditioning is mediated by the PI3K/Akt/GSK3beta signalling pathway in an in vitro model of cerebral ischemia.
YODA-HSP90 module regulates phosphorylation-dependent inactivation of SPEECHLESS to control stomatal development under acute heat stress in Arabidopsis.
Fibroblast growth factor homologous factors are potential ion channel modifiers associated with cardiac arrhythmias.
Yohimbine ameliorates lipopolysaccharide-induced acute kidney injury in rats.
Myosin II Reactivation and Cytoskeletal Remodeling as a Hallmark and a Vulnerability in Melanoma Therapy Resistance.
Vitamin B6 Addiction in Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Treatment-Induced Tumor Dormancy through YAP-Mediated Transcriptional Reprogramming of the Apoptotic Pathway.
Fasudil enhanced differentiation of BMSCs in vivo and vitro, involvement of P38 signaling pathway.
Trigonelline protects hippocampal neurons from oxygen-glucose deprivation-induced injury through activating the PI3K/Akt pathway.
An update on the molecular pathogenesis and potential therapeutic targeting of AML with t(8;21)(q22;q22.1);RUNX1-RUNX1T1.
Clinical diagnostics and treatment strategies for Philadelphia chromosome-like acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Expression of the prosurvival kinase HCK requires PAX5 and mutated MYD88 signaling in MYD88-driven B-cell lymphomas.
Airway epithelial specific deletion of Jun-N-terminal kinase 1 attenuates pulmonary fibrosis in two independent mouse models.
Naturally Occurring Sclareol Diterpene Augments the Chemosensitivity of Human Hela Cervical Cancer Cells by Inducing Mitochondrial Mediated Programmed Cell Death, S-Phase Cell Cycle Arrest and Targeting Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase (MAPK)/Extracellular-Signal-Regulated Kinase (ERK) Signaling Pathway.
Osimertinib in patients with advanced/metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor T790M mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer - the Belgian ASTRIS data.
Thioredoxin-interacting protein regulates glucose metabolism and improves the intracellular redox state in bovine oocytes during in vitro maturation.
Discovery and Optimization of Small Molecules Targeting the Protein-Protein Interaction of Heat Shock Protein 90 (Hsp90) and Cell Division Cycle 37 (Cdc37) As Orally Active Inhibitors for the treatment of colorectal cancer.
Structure-based design of a potent and selective covalent inhibitor for SRC kinase that targets a p-Loop cysteine.
Regioselective chemical modification of cysteine residues on protein surfaces focusing on local environment around the conjugation site.
CaMKII Modulates the Cardiac Transient Outward K+ Current through its Association with Kv4 Channels in Non-Caveolar Membrane Rafts.
Exogenous GM1 Ganglioside Attenuates Ketamine-Induced Neurocognitive Impairment in the Developing Rat Brain.
TTBK2 and primary cilia are essential for the connectivity and survival of cerebellar Purkinje neurons.
Lola regulates Drosophila adult midgut homeostasis via non-canonical Hippo signaling.
Novel Class of Colony-Stimulating Factor 1 Receptor Kinase Inhibitors Based on an o-Aminopyridyl Alkynyl Scaffold as Potential Treatment for Inflammatory Disorders.
dGMP Binding to Thymidylate Kinase from Plasmodium falciparum Shows Half-Site Binding and Induces Protein Dynamics at the Dimer Interface.
DNA-dependent protein kinase promotes DNA end processing by MRN and CtIP.
LncRNA RP11-19E11 is an E2F1 target required for proliferation and survival of basal breast cancer.
The History of Deferiprone (L1) and the Paradigm of the Complete Treatment of Iron Overload in Thalassaemia.
Successful Planned Pregnancy through Vitrified-Warmed Embryo Transfer in a Woman with Chronic Myeloid Leukemia: Case Report and Literature Review.
Effects of HER2 on the invasion and migration of gastric cancer.
Hypoxia induces HT-22 neuronal cell death via Orai1/CDK5 pathway-mediated Tau hyperphosphorylation.
Albiflorin alleviates ovalbumin (OVA)-induced pulmonary inflammation in asthmatic mice.
Integrated assessment of CDK1 upregulation in thyroid cancer.
Metformin Protects against Oxidative Stress Injury Induced by Ischemia/Reperfusion via Regulation of the lncRNA-H19/miR-148a-3p/Rock2 Axis.
Simvastatin Mitigates Apoptosis and Transforming Growth Factor-Beta Upregulation in Stretch-Induced Endothelial Cells.
The expressions of EphB4 and ephrinB2 in lung adenocarcinomas: a high level of the EphB4 protein is associated with lymph node metastasis.
Telmisartan suppresses cardiomyocyte and alveolar wall hypertrophy by the PPARgamma-ERK-NFAT complex by changing the balance of PPARgamma and ERK.
Different correlations between tumor size and cancer-related gene profiles according to histologic type of salivary gland tumor.
EPA attenuates epithelial-mesenchymal transition and fibrosis through the TGF-beta1/Smad3/ILK pathway in renal tubular epithelial HK-2 cells by up-regulating miR-541.
Colorectal cancer cell-derived exosomes promote proliferation and decrease apoptosis by activating the ERK pathway.
Isatin inhibits SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cell invasion and metastasis through PTEN signaling.
Palatine tonsillar metastasis of lung adenocarcinoma: an unusual immunohistochemical phenotype and a potential diagnostic pitfall.
Rearrangement of PDGFRbeta gene in a patient with Ph-negative chronic myeloid leukemia t(5;12)(q33;p13) in imatinib mesylate treatment-free remission: a case report.
miR-497 inhibits the carcinogenesis of hepatocellular carcinoma by targeting the Rictor/Akt signal pathway.
Co-existence of t(9;22) and t(8;21) in primary blast phase of chronic myelogenous leukemia: clinical experience and literature review.
Elevation of miR-191-5p level and its potential signaling pathways in hepatocellular carcinoma: a study validated by microarray and in-house qRT-PCR with 1,291 clinical samples.
ASK1 induces retinal microvascular endothelial cell apoptosis through ER stress-associated pathway.
miR-506 regulates cell proliferation and apoptosis by affecting RhoA/ROCK signaling pathway in hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Loss of expression of protein tyrosine kinase 7 in invasive ductal breast cancers.
Expression of p16 in nodular fasciitis: an implication for self-limited and inflammatory nature of the lesion.
Expression of miR-195 and MEK1 in patients with bladder cancer and their relationship to prognosis.
Cutaneous metastasis from lung adenocarcinoma presenting before discovery of the primary malignancy: a case report.
GSK-3beta mediates ischemia-reperfusion injury by regulating autophagy in DCD liver allografts.
Hypoxia-induced EPHB2 promotes invasive potential of glioblastoma.
Protective role of JNK inhibitor SP600125 in sepsis-induced acute lung injury.
SGK1 protein expression is a prognostic factor of lung adenocarcinoma that regulates cell proliferation and survival.
Decitabine reverses gefitinib resistance in PC9 lung adenocarcinoma cells by demethylation of RASSF1A and GADD45beta promoter.
miR-216a-5p promotes mesangial cell proliferation by targeting FoxO1 in diabetic nephropathy.
JAK2/STAT3 is associated with the inflammatory process in periapical granuloma.
The clinical significance of CHEK1 in breast cancer: a high-throughput data analysis and immunohistochemical study.
177Lu-DOTATATE and 177Lu-prostate-specific membrane antigen therapy in a patient with advanced metastatic radioiodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer after failure of tyrosine kinase inhibitors treatment.
Sulfur dioxide reduces lipopolysaccharide-induced acute lung injury in rats.
Conditioned taste aversion memory extinction temporally induces insular cortical BDNF release and inhibits neuronal apoptosis.
The Changing Landscape of Atopic Dermatitis - Focusing on JAK Inhibitors.
Adverse Drug Reactions Involving Protein Kinase Inhibitors: A French Pharmacovigilance Database Study Comparing Safety in Younger and Older Patients (&gt;= 75 years) with Cancer.
Current and Future Molecular Targets for Acute Myeloid Leukemia Therapy.
Zanubrutinib: First Approval.
Up-regulation of miR-106a targets LIMK1 and contributes to cognitive impairment induced by isoflurane anesthesia in mice.
Understanding the role of key amino acids in regulation of proline dehydrogenase/proline oxidase (prodh/pox)-dependent apoptosis/autophagy as an approach to targeted cancer therapy.
A comparison of molecular representations for lipophilicity quantitative structure-property relationships with results from the SAMPL6 logP Prediction Challenge.
[Immunohistochemical and molecular pathological diagnosis of lung carcinoma].
VIP and muscarinic synergistic mucin secretion by salivary mucous cells is mediated by enhanced PKC activity via VIP-induced release of an intracellular Ca2+ pool.
Transgene suppression in plants by foliar application of in vitro-synthesized small interfering RNAs.
Association between clinically relevant toxicities of pazopanib and sunitinib and the use of weak CYP3A4 and P-gp inhibitors.
DNA-PK: gatekeeper for IKKgamma/NEMO nucleocytoplasmic shuttling in genotoxic stress-induced NF-kappaB activation.
T cell receptor and cytokine signal integration in CD8+ T cells is mediated by the protein Themis.
Rolipram Protects Mice from Gram-negative Bacterium Escherichia coli-induced Inflammation and Septic Shock.
PK/PD modeling based on NO-ET homeostasis for improving management of sunitinib-induced hypertension in rats.
Anosmin-1 activates vascular endothelial growth factor receptor and its related signaling pathway for olfactory bulb angiogenesis.
SIK2 enhances synthesis of fatty acid and cholesterol in ovarian cancer cells and tumor growth through PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Capacitation-associated alkalization in human sperm is differentially controlled at the subcellular level.
Arl4A and Pak1 cooperative recruitment to plasma membrane contributes to sustained Pak1 activation for cell migration.
A redox-sensitive thiol in Wis1 modulates the fission yeast MAPK response to H2O2 and is the target of a small molecule.
EHD1 and RUSC2 control basal EGFR cell surface expression and recycling.
The Kidney Contains Ontogenetically Distinct Dendritic Cell and Macrophage Subtypes throughout Development That Differ in Their Inflammatory Properties.
Posttranslational Regulation and Conformational Plasticity of PTEN.
Discovery of the PTEN Tumor Suppressor and Its Connection to the PI3K and AKT Oncogenes.
Host Wnt5a Potentiates Microenvironmental Regulation of Ovarian Cancer Metastasis.
CK1alpha, CK1delta, and CK1epsilon are necrosome components which phosphorylate serine 227 of human RIPK3 to activate necroptosis.
The nutrient sensor OGT regulates Hipk stability and tumorigenic-like activities in Drosophila.
TrkB hyperactivity contributes to brain dysconnectivity, epileptogenesis, and anxiety in zebrafish model of Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
Ras acts as a molecular switch between two forms of consolidated memory in Drosophila.
Safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and antimalarial activity of the novel Plasmodium phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase inhibitor MMV390048 in healthy volunteers.
The CtrA regulon of Rhodobacter sphaeroides favors adaptation to a particular life style.
Leukocyte-associated immunoglobulin-like receptor-1 inhibits T-cell signaling by decreasing protein phosphorylation in the T-cell signaling pathway.
A Phase II Open Label Study of Everolimus in Combination With Endocrine Therapy in Resistant Hormone Receptor-Positive HER2-Negative Advanced Breast Cancer.
X-linked infantile spinal muscular atrophy (SMAX2) caused by novel c.1681G&gt;A substitution in the UBA1 gene, expanding the phenotype.
Mucosal delivery of live Lactococcus lactis expressing functionally active JlpA antigen induces potent local immune response and prevent enteric colonization of Campylobacter jejuni in chickens.
TCL1 as a hub protein associated with the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma based on proteomics methods.
ZDHXB-101 (3 \' ,5-Diallyl-2, 4 \' -dihydroxy-[1,1 \' -biphen-yl]-3,5 \' -dicarbaldehyde) protects against airway remodeling and hyperresponsiveness via inhibiting both the activation of the mitogen-activated protein kinase and the signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 signaling pathways.
Hypoxic induction of vasculogenic mimicry in hepatocellular carcinoma: role of HIF-1 alpha, RhoA/ROCK and Rac1/PAK signaling.
Autophagy drives fibroblast senescence through MTORC2 regulation.
Chinese Medicine She-Xiang-Xin-Tong-Ning, Containing Moschus, Corydalis and Ginseng, Protects from Myocardial Ischemia Injury via Angiogenesis.
Validated HPLC Method for Quantification of a Novel Trk Inhibitor, Larotrectinib in Mice Plasma: Application to a Pharmacokinetic Study.
Protective effect of MOTS-c on acute lung injury induced by lipopolysaccharide in mice.
Dihydroartemisinin inhibits the proliferation of IgAN mesangial cells through the mTOR signaling pathway.
Novel modified leucine and phenylalanine dipeptides modulate viability and attachment of cancer cells.
Dual-target kinase drug design: Current strategies and future directions in cancer therapy.
A simple and rapid liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry method to assay cabozantinib in plasma: Application to therapeutic drug monitoring in patients with renal cell carcinoma.
IRE1 signaling pathway mediates protective autophagic response against manganese-induced neuronal apoptosis in vivo and in vitro.
Dysregulation of Rac or Rho elicits death of motor neurons and activation of these GTPases is altered in the G93A mutant hSOD1 mouse model of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Afatinib for the Treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Harboring Uncommon EGFR Mutations: A Database of 693 Cases.
Detection of T315I using digital PCR in allogeneic transplant recipients with Ph-positive ALL in the dasatinib era.
Functional and structural features of proteins associated with alternative splicing.
Sex-specific estrogen regulation of hypothalamic astrocyte estrogen receptor expression and glycogen metabolism in rats.
Disruption of the EGFR-SQSTM1 Interaction by a Stapled Peptide Suppresses Lung Cancer via Activating Autophagy and Inhibiting EGFR Signaling.
Oncogenic K-Ras4B dimerization enhances downstream MAPK signaling.
LKB1 Represses ATOH1 via PDK4 and Energy Metabolism and Regulates Intestinal Stem Cell Fate.
MET promotes the proliferation and differentiation of myoblasts.
Anti-angiogenic Activity of Major Phenolics in Tamarind Assessed with Molecular Docking Study on VEGF Kinase Proteins.
[JAK INHIBITORS FOR THE TREATMENT OF ALOPECIA AREATA].
Adjuvant medical therapy provides no therapeutic benefit in the treatment of dogs with low-grade mast cell tumours and early nodal metastasis undergoing surgery.
Betulinic acid restores imatinib sensitivity in BCR-ABL1 kinase-independent, imatinib-resistant chronic myeloid leukemia by increasing HDAC3 ubiquitination and degradation.
Autophagy protects PC12 cells against deoxynivalenol toxicity via the Class III PI3K/beclin 1/Bcl-2 pathway.
Plant receptor-like kinase signaling through heterotrimeric G-proteins.
A Radioactive in vitro ERK3 Kinase Assay.
Induction of Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Pathway by Green Tea Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate (EGCG) in Colorectal Cancer Cells: Activation of PERK/p-eIF2alpha/ATF4 and IRE1alpha.
CDK14 involvement in proliferation migration and invasion of esophageal cancer.
Osimertinib and dihydroartemisinin: a novel drug combination targeting head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Galanthamine improves myocardial ischemia-reperfusion-induced cardiac dysfunction, endoplasmic reticulum stress-related apoptosis, and myocardial fibrosis by suppressing AMPK/Nrf2 pathway in rats.
Based on network pharmacology to explore the molecular mechanisms of astragalus membranaceus for treating T2 diabetes mellitus.
Thyroxine Alleviates Energy Failure, Prevents Myocardial Cell Apoptosis, and Protects against Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiac Injury and Cardiac Dysfunction via the LKB1/AMPK/mTOR Axis in Mice.
AMPK Activation of Flavonoids from Psidium guajava Leaves in L6 Rat Myoblast Cells and L02 Human Hepatic Cells.
Trichosanthes tricuspidata Lour. Methanol Extract Exhibits Anti-Inflammatory Activity by Targeting Syk, Src, and IRAK1 Kinase Activity.
Screening of Pleural Mesothelioma Cell Lines for Kinase Activity May Identify New Mechanisms of Therapy Resistance in Patients Receiving Platin-Based Chemotherapy.
HCRP-1 regulates cell migration, invasion and angiogenesis via Src/ FAK signaling in human prostate cancer.
Bovid microRNAs involved in the process of spermatogonia differentiation into spermatocytes.
Angiopoietin-2 gene polymorphisms are biomarkers for the development and progression of colorectal cancer in Han Chinese.
Protective Effects of Resveratrol Supplementation on Contusion Induced Muscle Injury.
Nitric oxide-mediated inhibition of phenylephrine-induced contraction in response to hypothermia is partially modulated by endothelial Rho-kinase.
Effects of Casein Kinase 2 Alpha 1 Gene Expression on Mice Liver Susceptible to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Obesity.
Gene Expression in Osteoblasts and Osteoclasts Under Microgravity Conditions: A Systematic Review.
Serum soluble FMS-like tyrosine kinase-1 in ectopic pregnancy.
TaWAK6 encoding wall-associated kinase is involved in wheat resistance to leaf rust similar to adult plant resistance.
LTA1 and dmLT enterotoxin-based proteins activate antigen-presenting cells independent of PKA and despite distinct cell entry mechanisms.
A non-canonical role for p27Kip1 in restricting proliferation of corneal endothelial cells during development.
Statin reload before off-pump coronary artery bypass graft: Effect on biomarker release kinetics.
Analyses of the oncogenic BRAFD594G variant reveal a kinase-independent function of BRAF in activating MAPK signaling.
Changes in urinary titin N-terminal fragments as a biomarker of exercise-induced muscle damage in the repeated bout effect.
STRIPAK Limits Stem Cell Differentiation of a WNT Signaling Center to Control Planarian Axis Scaling.
Benzopyrimidodiazepinone inhibitors of TNK2.
Increased autophagy mediates the adaptive mechanism of the mammary gland in dairy cows with hyperketonemia.
Overview of the relevance of PI3K pathway in HR-positive breast cancer.
Management of toxicity to isoform alpha-specific PI3K inhibitors.
Efficacy of PI3K inhibitors in advanced breast cancer.
PtrCDPK10 of Poncirus trifoliata functions in dehydration and drought tolerance by reducing ROS accumulation via phosphorylating PtrAPX.
MicroRNA1917-CTR1-LIKE PROTEIN KINASE 4 impacts fruit development via tuning ethylene synthesis and response.
BnaMPK6 is a determinant of quantitative disease resistance against Sclerotinia sclerotiorum in oilseed rape.
The Role of a Nascent Polypeptide-Associated Complex Subunit Alpha in Siderophore Biosynthesis, Oxidative Stress Response, and Virulence in Alternaria alternata.
Cytokine and chemokine concentration in the tear of patients with age-related cataract.
The molecular mechanisms of lithium-induced cardiotoxicity in male rats and its amelioration by N-acetyl cysteine.
An HPLC method for simultaneous quantification of sunitinib and its active metabolite, SU12662, using hydrophilic interaction chromatography principle.
Interaction of epidermal growth factor with COX-2 products and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma system in experimental rat Barrett \' s esophagus.
A novel tyrosine kinase inhibitor can augment radioactive iodine uptake through endogenous sodium/iodide symporter (NIS) expression in anaplastic thyroid cancer.
Protein-bound Anthocyanin Compounds of Purple Sweet Potato (p-BAC-PSP) Ameliorate Hyperglycemia by Regulating Hepatic Glucose Metabolism in High Fat Diet (HFD)/Streptozotocin (STZ)-induced Diabetic Mice.
Adipose tissue-specific expression of pig apoR protects mice from diet-induced obesity.
Effects of intrauterine growth restriction on Ca2+-activated force and contractile protein expression in the mesenteric artery of 1-year-old Wistar-Kyoto rats.
Calycosin Preserves BDNF/TrkB Signaling and Reduces Post-Stroke Neurological Injury after Cerebral Ischemia by Reducing Accumulation of Hypertrophic and TNF-alpha-Containing Microglia in Rats.
GRK2 levels in myeloid cells modulate adipose-liver crosstalk in high fat diet-induced obesity.
Naringin Protects Against Interleukin 1beta (IL-1beta)-Induced Human Nucleus Pulposus Cells Degeneration via Downregulation Nuclear Factor kappa B (NF-kappaB) Pathway and p53 Expression.
Triple negative breast cancer: A thorough review of biomarkers.
Bioaccumulations and potential human health risks assessment of heavy metals in ppk-expressing transgenic rice.
Preclinical evaluation of drug combinations identifies co-inhibition of Bcl-2/XL/W and MDM2 as a potential therapy in uveal melanoma.
Insulin deficiency promotes formation of toxic amyloid-beta42 conformer co-aggregating with hyper-phosphorylated tau oligomer in an Alzheimer \' s disease model.
The mitochondrial PKCdelta/retinol signal complex exerts real-time control on energy homeostasis.
FSTL1 promotes nitric oxide-induced chondrocyte apoptosis via activating the SAPK/JNK/ caspase3 signaling pathway.
A new scfv-based recombinant immunotoxin against EPHA2-overexpressing breast cancer cells; High in vitro anti-cancer potency.
LIM kinase 2 (LIMK2) may play an essential role in platelet function.
The kinase inhibitor BX795 suppresses the inflammatory response via multiple kinases.
Nicotine-induced autophagy via AMPK/mTOR pathway exerts protective effect in colitis mouse model.
Megaconial congenital muscular dystrophy: Same novel homozygous mutation in CHKB gene in two unrelated Chinese patients.
Treat to target in axial spondyloarthritis: From its concept to its implementation.
Corrigendum to "Investigation of biaryl heterocycles as inhibitors of Wee1 kinase" [Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett. 29 (2019) 1481-1486].
Discovery and optimization of novel pyridines as highly potent and selective glycogen synthase kinase 3 inhibitors.
Noise-induced loss of sensory hair cells is mediated by ROS/AMPKalpha pathway.
Modification of Cys residues in human thioredoxin-1 by p-benzoquinone causes inhibition of its catalytic activity and activation of the ASK1/p38-MAPK signalling pathway.
Glutathione peroxidase-1 regulates adhesion and metastasis of triple-negative breast cancer cells via FAK signaling.
Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) and microRNAs regulatory pathways in the tumorigenesis and pathogenesis of glioma.
Dectin-1/Syk signaling triggers neuroinflammation after ischemic stroke in mice.
HEMATOLOGY AND PLASMA CHEMISTRY VALUES IN BEACHED MAGELLANIC PENGUIN (SPHENISCUS MAGELLANICUS) IN NORTHERN ARGENTINA DURING THE NONBREEDING SEASON.
Preparation and evaluation of 99mTc-labeled HYNIC-palbociclib analogs for cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6-positive tumor imaging.
Trametinib alleviates lipopolysaccharide-induced acute lung injury by inhibiting the MEK-ERK-Egr-1 pathway.
Osimertinib treatment for patients with EGFR exon 20 mutation positive non-small cell lung cancer.
Activating transcription factor 6 (ATF6) negatively regulates Polo-like kinase 4 expression via recruiting C/EBPbeta to the upstream-promoter during ER stress.
Mfn2 is involved in intervertebral disc degeneration through autophagy modulation.
Pharmacological intervention of histone deacetylase enzymes in the neurodegenerative disorders.
Antitumor effects of rafoxanide in diffuse large B cell lymphoma via the PTEN/PI3K/Akt and JNK/c-Jun pathways.
miR-24-3p induces human intervertebral disc degeneration by targeting insulin-like growth factor binding protein 5 and the ERK signaling pathway.
Bioinformatic identification of renal cell carcinoma microenvironment-associated biomarkers with therapeutic and prognostic value.
1,8-Cineole promotes G0/G1 cell cycle arrest and oxidative stress-induced senescence in HepG2 cells and sensitizes cells to anti-senescence drugs.
The potential effect of imatinib against hypercholesterolemia induced atherosclerosis, endothelial dysfunction and hepatic injury in rabbits.
PAK2 activated by Cdc42 and caspase 3 mediates different cellular responses to oxidative stress-induced apoptosis.
Cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases: New targets in the metabolic syndrome?
Safety of Janus Kinase Inhibitors in Patients with Inflammatory Bowel Diseases or Other Immune-mediated Diseases: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
SIRT6 cooperates with SIRT5 to regulate bovine preadipocyte differentiation and lipid metabolism via the AMPKalpha signaling pathway.
The intraperitoneal administration of MOTS-c produces antinociceptive and anti-inflammatory effects through the activation of AMPK pathway in the mouse formalin test.
In vitro evaluation of antidiabetic potential of hesperidin and its aglycone hesperetin under oxidative stress in skeletal muscle cell line.
Novel Therapeutic Approaches against Acetaminophen-induced Liver Injury and Acute Liver Failure.
The insulin-PI3K-Rac1 axis contributes to terminal adipocyte differentiation through regulation of actin cytoskeleton dynamics.
Transcriptome Analysis Identifies Plasmodiophora brassicae Secondary Infection Effector Candidates.
Plant species-specific recognition of long and short beta-1,3-linked glucans is mediated by different receptor systems.
Druggable exosites of the human kino-pocketome.
Upregulation of VEGF-A and correlation between VEGF-A and FLT-1 expressions in Iranian multiple sclerosis patients.
TRPV4 deletion protects heart from myocardial infarction-induced adverse remodeling via modulation of cardiac fibroblast differentiation.
Overexpression of mitochondrial creatine kinase preserves cardiac energetics without ameliorating murine chronic heart failure.
Crocin alleviates lipopolysaccharide-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome by protecting against glycocalyx damage and suppressing inflammatory signaling pathways.
Agave angustifolia albino plantlets lose stomatal physiology function by changing the development of the stomatal complex due to a molecular disruption.
PSMA PET/CT for tyrosine-kinase inhibitor monitoring in metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
Myofascia-dominant involvement on whole-body MRI as a risk factor for rapidly progressive interstitial lung disease in dermatomyositis.
Defining the landscape of ATP-competitive inhibitor resistance residues in protein kinases.
Structure and dynamics of the E. coli chemotaxis core signaling complex by cryo-electron tomography and molecular simulations.
TGFbeta1-Smad canonical and -Erk noncanonical pathways participate in interleukin-17-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition in Sjogren \' s syndrome.
An evolutionarily conserved iron-sulfur cluster underlies redox sensory function of the Chloroplast Sensor Kinase.
Imprinted Cdkn1c genomic locus cell-autonomously promotes cell survival in cerebral cortex development.
Metabolic dysregulation in the Atp7b -/- Wilson \' s disease mouse model.
Withdrawal: Activation of AMP-activated protein kinase alpha1 alleviates endothelial cell apoptosis by increasing the expression of anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and Survivin.
Withdrawal: Identification of nitric oxide as an endogenous activator of the AMP-activated protein kinase in vascular endothelial cells.
Withdrawal: Nicotine-induced activation of AMP-activated protein kinase inhibits fatty acid synthase in 3T3L1 adipocytes: A role for oxidant stress.
Pyruvate Kinase M2 Promotes Expression of Proinflammatory Mediators in House Dust Mite-Induced Allergic Airways Disease.
IL-7R-Dependent Phosphatidylinositol 3-Kinase Competes with the STAT5 Signal to Modulate T Cell Development and Homeostasis.
Reconstruction of the "archaeal" mevalonate pathway from the methanogenic archaeon Methanosarcina mazei in Escherichia coli cells.
Oleanolic acid inhibits mouse spinal cord injury through suppressing inflammation and apoptosis via the blockage of p38 and JNK MAPKs.
Overcoming Fungal Echinocandin Resistance through Inhibition of the Non-essential Stress Kinase Yck2.
Astrocyte Unfolded Protein Response Induces a Specific Reactivity State that Causes Non-Cell-Autonomous Neuronal Degeneration.
Janus kinase inhibitor delgocitinib suppresses pruritus and nerve elongation in an atopic dermatitis murine model.
18F-FDG PET/CT imaging findings in anaplastic large cell lymphoma, a rare subtype of lymphoma.
Occurrence of abscesses during treatment with pazopanib in metastatic renal cancer: a case report.
Diarylamides in anticancer drug discovery: A review of pre-clinical and clinical investigations.
Design, synthesis, biological evaluation and molecular docking study of novel thieno[3,2-d]pyrimidine derivatives as potent FAK inhibitors.
Specific overexpression of 15-lipoxygenase in endothelial cells promotes cancer cell death in an in vivo Lewis lung carcinoma mouse model.
Oxidative stress-driven DR5 upregulation restores TRAIL/Apo2L sensitivity induced by iron oxide nanoparticles in colorectal cancer.
Daidzein promotes the expression of oxidative phosphorylation- and fatty acid oxidation-related genes via an estrogen-related receptor alpha pathway to decrease lipid accumulation in muscle cells.
MSTN Attenuates Cardiac Hypertrophy through Inhibition of Excessive Cardiac Autophagy by Blocking AMPK /mTOR and miR-128/PPARgamma/NF-kappaB.
Mechanism of eravacycline resistance in Acinetobacter baumannii mediated by a deletion mutation in the sensor kinase adeS, leading to elevated expression of the efflux pump AdeABC.
Efficient bio-butanol production from lignocellulosic waste by elucidating the mechanisms of Clostridium acetobutylicum response to phenolic inhibitors.
A polysaccharide from Grifola frondosa fruit body induces HT-29 cells apoptosis by PI3K/AKT-MAPKs and NF-kappaB-pathway.
Hepatic glycerol metabolism is early reprogrammed in rat liver cancer development.
PP2A alleviates oxidized LDL-induced endothelial dysfunction by regulating LOX-1/ROS/MAPK axis.
Circ_0009910 promotes imatinib resistance through ULK1-induced autophagy by sponging miR-34a-5p in chronic myeloid leukemia.
Conformational and Reaction Dynamic Coupling in Histidine Kinases. Insights from hybrid QM/MM simulations.
Successful immune checkpoint inhibition in an EGFR-mutant lung cancer patient refractory to epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor treatment.
SUMOylation of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 inhibits the proliferation, migration, and angiogenesis signaling pathway in non-small cell lung cancer.
A cell wall integrity-related MAP kinase kinase kinase AflBck1 is required for growth and virulence in fungus Aspergillus flavus.
Advanced glycation end products induce immature angiogenesis in in vivo and ex vivo mouse models.
PamgeneAnalyzeR: open and reproducible pipeline for kinase profiling.
JAKs in the new treatment paradigms of IBD.
Therapies after first-line afatinib in patients with EGFRm+ NSCLC in Japan: retrospective analysis of LUX-Lung 3.
Tyrosine phosphorylation of the lectin receptor-like kinase LORE regulates plant immunity.
miR-155 inhibition represents a potential valuable regulator in mitigating myocardial hypoxia/reoxygenation injury through targeting BAG5 and MAPK/JNK signaling.
Apelin and apelin receptor in human placenta: Expression, signalling pathway and regulation of trophoblast JEG-3 and BeWo cells proliferation and cell cycle.
Role and mechanism of PTEN in Burkitt \' s lymphoma.
lncRNA HAND2-AS1 mediates the downregulation of ROCK2 in hepatocellular carcinoma and inhibits cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion.
Silencing of PPM1D inhibits cell proliferation and invasion through the p38 MAPK and p53 signaling pathway in papillary thyroid carcinoma.
Silencing CDC25A inhibits the proliferation of liver cancer cells by downregulating IL-6 in vitro and in vivo.
Gambogenic acid exerts anticancer effects in cisplatin-resistant non-small cell lung cancer cells.
The GSK-3beta/beta-catenin signaling pathway is involved in HMGB1-induced chondrocyte apoptosis and cartilage matrix degradation.
Effects of evodiamine on PI3K/Akt and MAPK/ERK signaling pathways in pancreatic cancer cells.
Protein degradation through covalent inhibitor-based PROTACs.
FGF21, not GCN2, influences bone morphology due to dietary protein restrictions.
Skeletal and Cardiac Rhabdomyolysis in a Live-Stranded Neonatal Bryde \' s Whale With Fetal Distress.
Hydrolysable Tannin Supplementation Alters Digestibility and Utilization of Dietary Protein, Lipid, and Carbohydrate in Grass Carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellus).
Signaling Enzymes Required for Sperm Maturation and Fertilization in Mammals.
Multiple Layers of Phospho-Regulation Coordinate Metabolism and the Cell Cycle in Budding Yeast.
mTORC1-Rps15 Axis Contributes to the Mechanisms Underlying Global Translation Reduction During Senescence of Mouse Embryonic Fibroblasts.
Organized Neurogenic-Niche-Like Pinwheel Structures Discovered in Spinal Cord Tissue-Derived Neurospheres.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 2 Protein Stability Provides Decreased Dependence on Heparin for Induction of FGFR Signaling and Alters ERK Signaling Dynamics.
A Kinase Anchor Protein 4 Is Vulnerable to Oxidative Adduction in Male Germ Cells.
TRPM7 Induces Mechanistic Target of Rap1b Through the Downregulation of miR-28-5p in Glioma Proliferation and Invasion.
Biomarkers of Prognosis and Efficacy of Anti-angiogenic Therapy in Metastatic Clear Cell Renal Cancer.
Transcriptional Silencing of MCL-1 Through Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Inhibition in Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Lipoteichoic acid reduces antioxidant enzymes in H9c2 cells.
The miR-193a-3p-MAP3k3 Signaling Axis Regulates Substrate Topography-Induced Osteogenesis of Bone Marrow Stem Cells.
G Protein-Coupled Receptor Systems and Their Role in Cellular Senescence.
Dysregulation of adenosine kinase isoforms in breast cancer.
Targeting the non-canonical roles of PCNA modifies and increases the response to targeted anti-cancer therapy.
Low Body Mass Index Is an Independent Prognostic Factor in Patients With Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Treated With Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor.
Successful osimertinib rechallenge following drug-induced pneumonitis after previous anti-PDL1 exposure.
The Calcium-Dependent Protein Kinase CPK33 Mediates Strigolactone-Induced Stomatal Closure in Arabidopsis thaliana.
JAK Inhibition Differentially Affects NK Cell and ILC1 Homeostasis.
Raptor/mTORC1 Acts as a Modulatory Center to Regulate Anti-bacterial Immune Response in Rockfish.
Different Calcium and Src Family Kinase Signaling in Mac-1 Dependent Phagocytosis and Extracellular Vesicle Generation.
Ataxia Telangiectasia Diagnosed on Newborn Screening-Case Cohort of 5 Years \'  Experience.
PKM2: A Potential Regulator of Rheumatoid Arthritis via Glycolytic and Non-Glycolytic Pathways.
CR3 Engaged by PGL-I Triggers Syk-Calcineurin-NFATc to Rewire the Innate Immune Response in Leprosy.
Molecular Insight Into the IRE1alpha-Mediated Type I Interferon Response Induced by Proteasome Impairment in Myeloid Cells of the Brain.
Baicalin Inhibits Biofilm Formation and the Quorum-Sensing System by Regulating the MsrA Drug Efflux Pump in Staphylococcus saprophyticus.
A Maternal High-Fat Diet Induces DNA Methylation Changes That Contribute to Glucose Intolerance in Offspring.
CRF1 Receptor Signaling via the ERK1/2-MAP and Akt Kinase Cascades: Roles of Src, EGF Receptor, and PI3-Kinase Mechanisms.
Orexins/Hypocretins: Key Regulators of Energy Homeostasis.
Congenital Vocal Cord Paralysis and Late-Onset Limb-Girdle Weakness in MuSK-Congenital Myasthenic Syndrome.
A Network-Based Method for Mechanistic Investigation and Neuroprotective Effect on Post-treatment of Senkyunolid-H Against Cerebral Ischemic Stroke in Mouse.
Tea Polyphenols Attenuate Methamphetamine-Induced Neuronal Damage in PC12 Cells by Alleviating Oxidative Stress and Promoting DNA Repair.
Down-Regulation of miR-34a-5p Potentiates Protective Effect of Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Against Ischemic Myocardial Infarction by Stimulating the Expression of C1q/Tumor Necrosis Factor-Related Protein-9.
Taeumjowi-tang, a Traditional Korean Sasang Remedy, Improves Obesity-Atopic Dermatitis Comorbidity by Regulating Hypoxia-Inducible Factor 1 Alpha.
Long Non-Coding RNA in Drug Resistance of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Mini Review.
Autophagy and LRRK2 in the Aging Brain.
Activation of the G Protein-Coupled Estrogen Receptor Elicits Store Calcium Release and Phosphorylation of the Mu-Opioid Receptors in the Human Neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y Cells.
Diminished Expression of P-glycoprotein Using Focused Ultrasound Is Associated With JNK-Dependent Signaling Pathway in Cerebral Blood Vessels.
Silencing of AURKA augments the antitumor efficacy of the AURKA inhibitor MLN8237 on neuroblastoma cells.
Inhibition of Disruptor of Telomeric Silencing 1-Like Alleviated Renal Ischemia and Reperfusion Injury-Induced Fibrosis by Blocking PI3K/AKT-Mediated Oxidative Stress.
New Oral Anti-Cancer Drugs and Medication Safety.
Age-dependent autophagy induction after injury promotes axon regeneration by limiting NOTCH.
Bosutinib - an effective and safe treatment option in the management of chronic myeloid leukemia.
Xanthomonas campestris sensor kinase HpaS co-opts the orphan response regulator VemR to form a branched two-component system that regulates motility.
Parametric Time-to-event Model for Acute Exacerbations in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Hepatocyte Growth Factor Receptor overexpression predicts reduced survival but its targeting is not effective in unselected HNSCC patients.
Another hijack! Some enteroviruses co-opt the c10orf76/PI4KB complex for their own good.
The Treatment of Kyrle \' s Disease: A Systematic Review.
Efficient radiosynthesis and preclinical evaluation of [18 F]FOMPyD as a PET tracer candidate for TrkB/C receptor imaging.
MCPIP1 overexpression in human neuroblastoma cell lines causes cell-cycle arrest by G1/S checkpoint block.
The heat \' s on: nuclear stress bodies signal intron retention.
Refining the indications for neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with HER2+ breast cancer: A single institution experience.
Characterization and functional roles of KCNQ-encoded voltage-gated potassium (Kv7) channels in human corpus cavernosum smooth muscle.
PAK1 silencing is synthetic lethal with CDK4/6 inhibition in gastric cancer cells via regulating PDK1 expression.
MicroRNA-425-5p promotes tau phosphorylation and cell apoptosis in Alzheimer \' s disease by targeting heat shock protein B8.
DNA-PKcs promotes cardiac ischemia reperfusion injury through mitigating BI-1-governed mitochondrial homeostasis.
C-reactive protein clustering to clarify persistent inflammation, immunosuppression and catabolism syndrome.
[Multimodal treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma].
FLT3 inhibitors in acute myeloid leukemia: ten frequently asked questions.
AXL and CAV-1 play a role for MTH1 inhibitor TH1579 sensitivity in cutaneous malignant melanoma.
A high throughput zebrafish chemical screen reveals ALK5 and non-canonical androgen signalling as modulators of the pkd2-/- phenotype.
GSK3beta is a key regulator of the ROS-dependent necrotic death induced by the quinone DMNQ.
Arc silence aggravates traumatic neuronal injury via mGluR1-mediated ER stress and necroptosis.
[Targeting EGFRvIII for treatment of glioblastoma: From molecular mechanisms to clinical strategies].
Synthesis, crystal structures, antiproliferative activities and reverse docking studies of eight novel Schiff bases derived from benzil.
Aurora B-dependent Ndc80 degradation regulates kinetochore composition in meiosis.
The chromatin remodeler Snf2h is essential for oocyte meiotic cell cycle progression.
Whole-Genome Sequencing of Finnish Type 1 Diabetic Siblings Discordant for Kidney Disease Reveals DNA Variants associated with Diabetic Nephropathy.
WEE1 inhibition induces glutamine addiction in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Evaluating the effectiveness of anti-Nogo treatment in spinal cord injuries.
Elucidation the binding mechanism of Nelumbo nucifera-derived isoquinoline alkaloids as Rho-kinase 1 inhibitors by molecular docking and dynamic simulation.
Clostridium difficile toxin B induces colonic inflammation through the TRIM46/DUSP1/MAPKs and NF-kappaB signalling pathway.
JAK3 inhibitors based on thieno[3,2-d]pyrimidine scaffold: design, synthesis and bioactivity evaluation for the treatment of B-cell lymphoma.
PI3K/Akt/FoxO pathway mediates glycolytic metabolism in HepG2 cells exposed to triclosan (TCS).
An inhibitor of myosin II, blebbistatin, suppresses development of arterial thrombosis.
MicroRNA-1251-5p promotes tumor growth and metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma by targeting AKAP12.
GPR174 suppression attenuates retinopathy in angiotensin II (Ang II)-treated mice by reducing inflammation via PI3K/AKT signaling.
Molecular cloning and characterization of a cDNA encoding extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) from the blood clam Tegillarca granosa.
From tea to treatment; epigallocatechin gallate and its potential involvement in minimizing the metabolic changes in cancer.
Antagonistic effect of selenium on lead-induced neutrophil apoptosis in chickens via miR-16-5p targeting of PiK3R1 and IGF1R.
Impact of miR-SNP rs2910164 on miR-146a expression in osteoarthritic chondrocytes.
A pantothenate kinase-deficient mouse model reveals a gene expression program associated with brain coenzyme a reduction.
Investigation of guanidinium chloride-induced unfolding pathway of sphingosine kinase 1.
Systemic pharmacological treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis: a network meta-analysis.
Soluble AXL as a marker of disease progression and survival in melanoma.
Environmentally-relevant exposure to diethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) alters regulation of double-strand break formation and crossover designation leading to germline dysfunction in Caenorhabditis elegans.
A novel bis-aryl urea compound inhibits tumor proliferation via cathepsin D-associated apoptosis.
Targeted therapy of oncogenic-driven advanced non-small cell lung cancer: recent advances and new perspectives.
Loss of DP1 Aggravates Vascular Remodeling in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension via mTORC1 Signaling.
Role of elevated sflt-1 on the regulation of placental transporters in women with pre-eclampsia.
Delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol and 2-AG decreases neurite outgrowth and differentially affects ERK1/2 and Akt signaling in hiPSC-derived cortical neurons.
Ataxia telangiectasia mutated pathway disruption affects hepatic DNA and tissue damage in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
IRAK family in inflammatory autoimmune diseases.
A novel molecular mechanism involved in the crosstalks between homologous and PKC-mediated heterologous regulatory pathway of dopamine D2 receptor.
Expression of protein kinase C in relation to the embryonic diapause process in the silkworm, Bombyx mori.
mTOR signaling intervention by Torin1 and XL388 in the insular cortex alleviates neuropathic pain.
Inhibition of TRIM8 restrains ischaemia-reperfusion-mediated cerebral injury by regulation of NF-kappaB activation associated inflammation and apoptosis.
Redundant role of ASK1-mediated p38MAPK activation in human platelet function.
Uterine inflammatory Myofibroblastic tumors in pregnant women with and without involvement of the placenta: a study of six cases with identification of a novel TIMP3-RET fusion.
Seasonal expressions of oxytocin and oxytocin receptor in the epididymides in the wild ground squirrels (Citellus Dauricus Brandt).
Clinical factors associated with treatment toxicity of pemetrexed plus platinum in elderly patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
Mapping Multiple Distances in a Multidomain Protein for the Identification of Folding Intermediates.
YOD1 Deubiquitinates NEDD4 Involved in the Hippo Signaling Pathway.
Treatment of Multiorgan Sarcoidosis With Tofacitinib.
Negative Regulation of CDK6 Expression by microRNA-126-5p and Its Influence on the Proliferation and Invasion of Esophageal Cancer Cells.
Sphingosine Kinases Protect Murine ESCs from Sphingosine-induced Cell Cycle Arrest.
Glutathione S-transferase theta 1 protects against colitis through goblet cell differentiation via interleukin-22.
Dietary apple polyphenols promote fat browning in high-fat diet-induced obese mice through activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) alpha.
Molecular modeling studies of pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-amine derivatives as JAK1 inhibitors based on 3D-QSAR, molecular docking, molecular dynamics (MD) and MM-PBSA calculations.
Effect of Food on the Pharmacokinetics of Quizartinib.
Anti-tumor effects of PIM/PI3K/mTOR triple kinase inhibitor IBL-302 in neuroblastoma.
Cantharidic acid induces apoptosis in human nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells through p38-mediated upregulation of caspase activation.
Interplay of AMPK/SIRT1 Activation and Sodium Influx Inhibition Mediates the Renal Benefits of SGLT2 Inhibitors in Type 2 Diabetes: a Novel Conceptual Framework.
Neuronal Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein regulates Pseudomonas aeruginosa-induced lung vascular permeability through the modulation of actin cytoskeletal dynamics.
Ablation of PKM2 ameliorated ER stress-induced apoptosis and associated inflammation response in IL-1beta-treated chondrocytes via blocking Rspo2-mediated Wnt/beta-catenin signaling.
Rosuvastatin protects isolated hearts against ischemia-reperfusion injury: role of Akt-GSK-3beta, metabolic environment, and mitochondrial permeability transition pore.
Edaravone at high concentrations attenuates cognitive dysfunctions induced by abdominal surgery under general anesthesia in aged mice.
Restoration of calcium-induced differentiation potential and tight junction formation in HaCaT keratinocytes by functional attenuation of overexpressed high mobility group box-1 protein.
MKK4/MKK5-MPK1/MPK2 cascade mediates SA-activated leaf senescence via phosphorylation of NPR1 in Arabidopsis.
Rho kinase Blockade Ameliorates DSS-Induced Ulcerative Colitis in Mice Through Dual Inhibition of the NF-kappaB and IL-6/STAT3 Pathways.
The protective effect of inosine against rotenone-induced Parkinson \' s disease in mice; role of oxido-nitrosative stress, ERK phosphorylation, and A2AR expression.
Strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa cv. Romina) methanolic extract promotes browning in 3T3-L1 cells.
Potential biomarkers and antagonists for fluoranthene-induced cellular toxicity of bone marrow derived mesenchymal stem cells.
Anti-Photoaging Effect of Korean Mint (Agastache rugosa Kuntze) Extract on UVB-Irradiated Human Dermal Fibroblasts.
The Effect of Protein FAM172A on Proliferation in HepG2 Cells and Investigation of the Possible Molecular Mechanism.
Effects of Far-Infrared Emitting Ceramic Material Clothing on Recovery after Maximal Eccentric Exercise.
Rapid non-uniform adaptation to conformation-specific KRAS(G12C) inhibition.
TGF-beta orchestrates fibrogenic and developmental EMTs via the RAS effector RREB1.
Role of cyclin-dependent kinase 2 in the progression of mouse juvenile cystic kidney disease.
Midkine Inhibits Cholesterol Efflux by Decreasing ATP-Binding Membrane Cassette Transport Protein A1 via Adenosine Monophosphate-Activated Protein Kinase/Mammalian Target of Rapamycin Signaling in Macrophages.
Pancreatitis is an FGF21-deficient state that is corrected by replacement therapy.
Neuronal Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase 1B hastens Amyloid beta-associated Alzheimer \' s disease in mice.
The GATOR2-mTORC2 axis mediates Sestrin2-induced AKT Ser/Thr kinase activation.
Genome-wide analysis of targets of macrolide antibiotics in mammalian cells.
Puupehenone, a Marine-Sponge-Derived Sesquiterpene Quinone, Potentiates the Antifungal Drug Caspofungin by Disrupting Hsp90 Activity and the Cell Wall Integrity Pathway.
Influence of Plasmodium falciparum Calcium-Dependent Protein Kinase 5 (PfCDPK5) on the Late Schizont Stage Phosphoproteome.
Acalabrutinib Plus Obinutuzumab in Treatment-Naive and Relapsed/Refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.
JNK signaling is required for proper tangential migration and laminar allocation of cortical interneurons.
MELK promotes Endometrial carcinoma progression via activating mTOR signaling pathway.
Neuropeptide Y regulates proliferation and apoptosis in granulosa cells in a follicular stage-dependent manner.
Initiate Danhong Injection before or after percutaneous coronary intervention for microvascular obstruction in ST-elevation myocardial infarction (DIRECTION): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Impact of genetic variant of HIPK2 on the risk of severe radiation pneumonitis in lung cancer patients treated with radiation therapy.
Efficacy and safety of nintedanib in patients with advanced idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
The TLK1/Nek1 axis contributes to mitochondrial integrity and apoptosis prevention via phosphorylation of VDAC1.
MiR-142-3p targeting NUCKS1 inhibits proliferation and invasion of pancreatic cancer cells.
ROCK2 inhibition enhances the thermogenic program in white and brown fat tissue in mice.
Palmitoylethanolamide counteracts hepatic metabolic inflexibility modulating mitochondrial function and efficiency in diet-induced obese mice.
Corin plays a protective role via upregulating MAPK and downregulating eNOS in diabetic nephropathy endothelial dysfunction.
Insulin receptor preserves mitochondrial function by binding VDAC1 in insulin insensitive mucosal epithelial cells.
Roles of glycogen synthase kinase 3 alpha and calcineurin in regulating the ability of sperm to fertilize eggs.
Proliferation of adult human bronchial epithelial cells without a telomere maintenance mechanism for over 200 population doublings.
TRPV4 receptor as a functional sensory molecule in bladder urothelium: Stretch-independent, tissue-specific actions and pathological implications.
Fam20C-mediated phosphorylation of osteopontin is critical for its secretion but dispensable for its action as a cytokine in the activation of hepatic stellate cells in liver fibrogenesis.
Sleep deprivation impairs learning and memory by decreasing protein O-GlcNAcylation in the brain of adult zebrafish.
Sensitization of small-diameter sensory neurons is controlled by TRPV1 and TRPA1 association.
Autophagy mediates hepatic GRK2 degradation to facilitate glucagon-induced metabolic adaptation to fasting.
Glycolysis regulated transglutaminase 2 activation in cardiopulmonary fibrogenic remodeling.
[Expression of anaplastic lymphoma kinase clone 1A4 in pediatric medulloblastoma and its significance].
[Complete remission of Loeffler \' s endocarditis with Imatinib in a myeloid and lymphoid neoplasm associated with eosinophilia].
Disruption of the dimerization interface of the sensing domain in the dimeric heme-based oxygen sensor AfGcHK abolishes bacterial signal transduction.
A highly selective inhibitor of interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinases 1/4 (IRAK-1/4) delineates the distinct signaling roles of IRAK-1/4 and the TAK1 kinase.
Timely Inhibitory Circuit Formation Controlled by Abl1 Regulates Innate Olfactory Behaviors in Mouse.
Novel Immunotherapy Combinations for Genitourinary Cancers.
Luspatercept in Patients with Lower-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes.
Transcriptome analysis of Actinidia chinensis in response to Botryosphaeria dothidea infection.
Key necroptotic proteins are required for Smac mimetic-mediated sensitization of cholangiocarcinoma cells to TNF-alpha and chemotherapeutic gemcitabine-induced necroptosis.
Fluid Shear Stress Suppresses Osteoclast Differentiation in RAW264.7 Cells through Extracellular Signal-Regulated Kinase 5 (ERK5) Signaling Pathway.
TGFbeta receptor endocytosis and Smad signaling require synaptojanin1-, PI3K-C2alpha-, and INPP4B-mediated phosphoinositide conversions.
SQSTM1/p62 activates NFE2L2/NRF2 via ULK1-mediated autophagic KEAP1 degradation and protects mouse liver from lipotoxicity.
Activation-induced substrate engagement in ERK signaling.
Cyclovirobuxine D Exerts Anticancer Effects by Suppressing the EGFR-FAK-AKT/ERK1/2-Slug Signaling Pathway in Human Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Mechanisms involved in AMPK-mediated deposition of tight junction components to the plasma membrane.
Impact of the histone deacetylase inhibitor Trichostatin A on active uptake, volume-sensitive release of taurine and cell fate in human ovarian cancer cells.
MiR-4674 regulates angiogenesis in tissue injury by targeting p38K signaling in endothelial cells.
Contrasting Effects of Stored Allogeneic Red Blood Cells and Their Supernatants on Permeability and Inflammatory Responses in Human Pulmonary Endothelial Cells.
Ste20-Like Kinase (SLK) Mediated Control of Actin Polymerization is a New Mechanism for Thin Filament Associated Regulation of Airway Smooth Muscle Contraction.
Advancing RAS/RASopathy therapies: An NCI-sponsored intramural and extramural collaboration for the study of RASopathies.
Myeloid-derived Growth Factor Promotes Intestinal Glucagon-like Peptide-1 Production in Male Mice with Type 2 Diabetes.
Sevoflurane Pre-conditioning Ameliorates Diabetic Myocardial Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury Via Differential Regulation of p38 and ERK.
No-Go Decay mRNA cleavage in the ribosome exit tunnel produces 5 \' -OH ends phosphorylated by Trl1.
ULK1 phosphorylates Exo70 to suppress breast cancer metastasis.
A new regulatory mechanism of protein phosphatase 2A activity via SET in acute myeloid leukemia.
N-glycosylated SGK196 suppresses the metastasis of basal-like breast cancer cells.
miR-21 modulates cisplatin resistance of gastric cancer cells by inhibiting autophagy via the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway.
STRIPAK directs PP2A activity toward MAP4K4 to promote oncogenic transformation of human cells.
Cannabinoid receptor type 1 in the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis modulates cardiovascular responses to stress via local N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor/neuronal nitric oxide synthase/soluble guanylate cyclase/protein kinase G signaling.
Setosphaeria turcica ATR turns off appressorium-mediated maize infection and triggers melanin-involved self-protection in response to genotoxic stress.
WNT5a Regulates Epithelial Morphogenesis in the Developing Choroid Plexus.
The glutamatergic system and astrocytic impairment in rat hippocampus: a comparative study of underlying etiology and pathophysiology of depression.
STAT3 signaling pathway in drug-resistant bladder cancer cell line.
Sensitizing endometrial cancer to ionizing radiation by multi-tyrosine kinase inhibition.
Corynebacterium tuberculostearicum, a human skin colonizer, induce the canonical nuclear factor-kappaB inflammatory signaling pathway in the human skin cells.
Filgotinib, a JAK1 Inhibitor, Modulates Disease-Related Biomarkers in Rheumatoid Arthritis: Results from Two Randomized, Controlled Phase 2b Trials.
CRISPR/Cas9: targeted genome editing for the treatment of hereditary hearing loss.
Practical Considerations for Treatment of Relapsed/Refractory FLT3-ITD Acute Myeloid Leukaemia with Quizartinib: Illustrative Case Reports.
Necroptosis and its role in infectious diseases.
YARS as an oncogenic protein that promotes gastric cancer progression through activating PI3K-Akt signaling.
A Nanopore Phosphorylation Sensor for Single Oligonucleotides and Peptides.
CHK2-FOXK axis promotes transcriptional control of autophagy programs.
Kidney inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor masquerading as metastatic malignancy: A case report and literature review.
Community-acquired pneumonia complicated by rhabdomyolysis: A clinical analysis of 11 cases.
The potential role of YAP in Axl-mediated resistance to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors.
FTY720, a sphingosine analog, altered placentome histoarchitecture in ewes.
Toxicity management of regorafenib in patients with gastro-intestinal stromal tumour (GIST) in a tertiary cancer centre.
Short-term GLP-1 receptor agonist exenatide ameliorates intramyocellular lipid deposition without weight loss in ob/ob mice.
Dehydroepiandrosterone protects against hepatic glycolipid metabolic disorder and insulin resistance induced by high fat via activation of AMPK-PGC-1alpha-NRF-1 and IRS1-AKT-GLUT2 signaling pathways.
New autoinflammatory disease caused by non-cleavable RIPK1 variants.
Modulation of brain cation-Cl- cotransport via the SPAK kinase inhibitor ZT-1a.
Siah2 control of T-regulatory cells limits anti-tumor immunity.
O-GlcNAcylation of PGK1 coordinates glycolysis and TCA cycle to promote tumor growth.
Proinflammatory cytokine TNFalpha promotes HPV-associated oral carcinogenesis by increasing cancer stemness.
N-myc Downstream-Regulated Gene 2 (NDRG2) Promotes Bone Morphogenetic Protein 2 (BMP2)-Induced Osteoblastic Differentiation and Calcification by Janus Kinase 3 (JAK3)/Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 3 (STAT3) Signaling Pathway.
Efficacy of FGFR inhibitors and combination therapies for acquired resistance in FGFR2-fusion cholangiocarcinoma.
RNA-Binding Protein Rnc1 Regulates Cell Length at Division and Acute Stress Response in Fission Yeast through Negative Feedback Modulation of the Stress-Activated Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase Pathway.
Biotransformation Pathways and Metabolite Profiles of Oral [14C]-Alisertib (MLN8237), an Investigational Aurora A Kinase Inhibitor, in Patients with Advanced Solid Tumors.
Presynaptic MAST kinase controls opposing postsynaptic responses to convey stimulus valence in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Dynamic Characterization of Protein and Posttranslational Modification Levels in Mycobacterial Cholesterol Catabolism.
A dual druggable genome-wide siRNA and compound library screening approach identifies modulators of parkin recruitment to mitochondria.
Cracking the context-specific PI3K signaling code.
Illuminating the kinome: Visualizing real-time kinase activity in biological systems using genetically encoded fluorescent protein-based biosensors.
Hunig \' s base catalyzed synthesis of new 1-(2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl)-3-aryl urea/thiourea derivatives as potent antioxidants and 2HCK enzyme growth inhibitors.
Design and optimization of orally spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) inhibitors for treatment of solid tumor.
Discovery of 6 \' -chloro-N-methyl-5 \' -(phenylsulfonamido)-[3,3 \' -bipyridine]-5-carboxamide (CHMFL-PI4K-127) as a novel Plasmodium falciparum PI(4)K inhibitor with potent antimalarial activity against both blood and liver stages of Plasmodium.
Kinetic and structural analysis of Escherichia coli phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase mutants.
Future treatments for hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
The NAD kinase OsNADK1 affects the intracellular redox balance and enhances the tolerance of rice to drought.
Sub-chronic oral cinnamaldehyde treatment prevents scopolamine-induced memory retrieval deficit and hippocampal Akt and MAPK dysregulation in male mice.
ALK or ROS1-rearranged breast metastasis from lung adenocarcinoma: a report of 2 cases.
Relationship of radiometabolic biomarkers to KRAS mutation status and ALK rearrangements in cases of lung adenocarcinoma.
A kinase of many talents: non-neuronal functions of CDK5 in development and disease.
BMX Represses Thrombin-PAR1-Mediated Endothelial Permeability and Vascular Leakage During Early Sepsis.
Impact of clinicopathologic features on leptomeningeal metastasis from lung adenocarcinoma and treatment efficacy with epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
An updated evaluation of serum sHER2, CA15.3, and CEA levels as biomarkers for the response of patients with metastatic breast cancer to trastuzumab-based therapies.
Casein Kinase 1delta Stabilizes Mature Axons by Inhibiting Transcription Termination of Ankyrin.
Goldmann L, Duan R, Kragh T, et al. Oral Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitors block activation of the platelet Fc receptor CD32a (FcgammaRIIA): a new option in HIT? Blood Adv. 2019;3(23):4021-4033.
Effects of CK2beta subunit down-regulation on Akt signalling in HK-2 renal cells.
A network analysis revealed the essential and common downstream proteins related to inguinal hernia.
A case of Kallmann syndrome associated to a novel missense mutation of the FGFR1 gene.
Upregulation of HLA class I and Antiviral Tissue Responses in Hashimoto \' s Thyroiditis.
Toxicity and Efficacy Evaluation of an AAV Vector Expressing Codon-Optimized RPGR Delivered by Subretinal Injection in a Canine Model of X-linked Retinitis Pigmentosa.
Stepwise Evolution of Fragment Hits against MAPK Interacting Kinases 1 and 2.
Reduced Na+ K+ -ATPase activity may reduce amino acid uptake in IUGR fetal sheep muscle despite unchanged ex vivo amino acid transporter activity.
Reductive sp3-sp2 Coupling Reactions Enable Late-Stage Modification of Pharmaceuticals.
EPA and DHA attenuate deoxynivalenol-induced intestinal porcine epithelial cell injury and protect barrier function integrity by inhibiting necroptosis signaling pathway.
Increased expression of desmin and vimentin reduces bladder smooth muscle contractility via JNK2.
Detection of lentiviral suicide gene therapy in C6 rat glioma using hyperpolarised [1-13 C]pyruvate.
Intracellular proliferation of Anaplasma phagocytophilum is promoted via modulation of endoplasmic reticulum stress signaling in host cells.
The NMDAR modulator NYX-2925 alleviates neuropathic pain via a Src-dependent mechanism in the mPFC.
Mutant P53 induces MELK expression by release of wild-type P53-dependent suppression of FOXM1.
Cutaneous lupus erythematosus: A review of the literature.
Treatment of granuloma annulare with tofacitinib 2% ointment.
Micro-dystrophin Gene Therapy Partially Enhances Exercise Capacity in Older Adult mdx Mice.
The SMAC mimetic LCL-161 selectively targets JAK2V617F mutant cells.
Side effects of and contraindications for whole-body electro-myo-stimulation: a viewpoint.
Pemetrexed/carboplatin plus gefitinib as a first-line treatment for EGFR-mutant advanced nonsmall cell lung cancer: a Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins are regulated by Akt-GSK3beta signaling in the rat nucleus accumbens core.
Quercetin-induced apoptosis ameliorates vascular smooth muscle cell senescence through AMP-activated protein kinase signaling pathway.
Neuroprotective potential of imatinib in global ischemia-reperfusion-induced cerebral injury: possible role of Janus-activated kinase 2/signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 and connexin 43.
Third-Generation TKI Resistance Due to SCLC Transformation: A Case Report and Brief Review.
MAGI1 Inhibits the Proliferation, Migration and Invasion of Glioma Cells.
RNA-Seq Analysis Identified XLOC_009190 as Potential Therapeutic Target for Lung Adenocarcinoma.
CDK4/6 Inhibitor Palbociclib Amplifies the Radiosensitivity to Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Cells via Mediating Apoptosis and Suppressing DNA Damage Repair.
Valproic Acid Addresses Neuroendocrine Differentiation of LNCaP Cells and Maintains Cell Survival.
CHOP is dispensable for lens transparency in wild-type and connexin50 mutant mice.
Effects of 0.02% netarsudil ophthalmic solution on intraocular pressure of normotensive dogs.
Tau hyperphosphorylation induced by the anesthetic agent ketamine/xylazine involved the calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II.
p53 regulates mitochondrial dynamics by inhibiting Drp1 translocation into mitochondria during cellular senescence.
RAD50 regulates mitotic progression independent of DNA repair functions.
Pharmacological activation of ERbeta by arctigenin maintains the integrity of intestinal epithelial barrier in inflammatory bowel diseases.
Deficiency of core fucosylation activates cellular signaling dependent on FLT3 expression in a Ba/F3 cell system.
Phosphorylation at Serine 21 in G protein-coupled receptor kinase 1 (GRK1) is required for normal kinetics of dark adaption in rod but not cone photoreceptors.
HYAL-1-induced autophagy facilitates pancreatic fistula for patients who underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy.
RTK signaling requires C3ar1/C5ar1 and IL-6R joint signaling to repress dominant PTEN, SOCS1/3 and PHLPP restraint.
Lactobacillus johnsonii L531 ameliorates enteritis via elimination of damaged mitochondria and suppression of SQSTM1-dependent mitophagy in a Salmonella infantis model of piglet diarrhea.
The protective effort of GPCR kinase 2-interacting protein-1 in neurons via promoting Beclin1-Parkin induced mitophagy at the early stage of spinal cord ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Control of Rab7a activity and localization through endosomal type Igamma PIP 5-kinase is required for endosome maturation and lysosome function.
Neutrophil-endothelial interactions of murine cells is not a good predictor of their interactions in human cells.
Protein kinase C-delta inhibition is organ-protective, enhances pathogen clearance, and improves survival in sepsis.
A serine/threonine-specific protein kinase of Haemonchus contortus with a role in the development.
Ras-ERK1/2 signaling participates in the progression of gastric cancer through repressing Aurora B-mediated H1.4 phosphorylation at Ser27.
Astragaloside IV ameliorates intermittent hypoxia-induced inflammatory dysfunction by suppressing MAPK/NF-kappaB signalling pathways in Beas-2B cells.
Evaluation of the anti-apoptotic activity of bovine alphaherpesvirus type 5 US3 protein kinase in insect cells using a recombinant baculovirus.
Characterization of Two Polyphosphate Kinase 2 Enzymes Used for ATP Synthesis.
Silencing of soluble epoxide hydrolase 2 gene reduces H2O2-induced oxidative damage in rat intestinal epithelial IEC-6 cells via activating PI3K/Akt/GSK3beta signaling pathway.
Metformin Disrupts Bile Acid Efflux by Repressing Bile Salt Export Pump Expression.
Population Pharmacokinetics, Efficacy Exposure-Response Analysis.
Cyclosporin A activates human hepatocellular carcinoma (HepG2 cells) proliferation: implication of EGFR-mediated ERK1/2 signaling pathway.
The continuing arc toward phototropic enlightenment.
Functionally selective inhibition of the oxytocin receptor by retosiban in human myometrial smooth muscle.
The leukaemia stem cell: similarities, differences and clinical prospects in CML and AML.
Circular RNA circ_001621 promotes osteosarcoma cells proliferation and migration by sponging miR-578 and regulating VEGF expression.
MicroRNA-26a/b have protective roles in oral lichen planus.
Activation by substoichiometric inhibition.
Recurrent chromosomal rearrangements of ROS1, FRK and IL6 activating JAK/STAT pathway in inflammatory hepatocellular adenomas.
A Kinase and a Glycosylase Catabolize Pseudouridine in the Peroxisome to Prevent Toxic Pseudouridine Monophosphate Accumulation.
Tankyrase inhibitors target colorectal cancer stem cells via AXIN-dependent downregulation of c-KIT tyrosine kinase.
[High expression of DNMT3B promotes proliferation and invasion of hepatocellular carcinoma cells via Hippo signaling pathway].
Sinomenine can promote the proliferation and differentiation of osteoblasts by regulating the Akt/Runx2 signaling pathway in MC3T3-E1 cells.
Biological response and cytotoxicity induced by lipid nanocapsules.
Crizotinib-induced osteitis mimicking bone metastasis in a stage IV ALK-rearranged NSCLC patient: a case report.
Ras isoforms: signaling specificities in CD40 pathway.
Expression of the NEK family in normal and cancer tissue: an immunohistochemical study.
Use of small-molecule inhibitory compound of PERK-dependent signaling pathway as a promising target-based therapy for colorectal cancer.
Non-coding RNAs in Lung Cancer Chemoresistance.
Attenuated TOR signaling lengthens circadian period in Arabidopsis.
Silencing NOB1 Can Affect Cell Proliferation and Apoptosis Via the C-Jun N-Terminal Kinase Pathway in Colorectal Cancer.
Targeting Rho-associated coiled-coil forming protein kinase (ROCK) in cardiovascular fibrosis and stiffening.
May warfarin prevent cancer?
Identification of Two Kinase Inhibitors with Synergistic Toxicity with Low-Dose Hydrogen Peroxide in Colorectal Cancer Cells in vitro.
Ginger Water Reduces Body Weight Gain and Improves Energy Expenditure in Rats.
Association between Circulation Indole-3-Acetic Acid Levels and Stem Cell Factor in Maintenance Hemodialysis Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
ASA Suppresses PGE2 in Plasma and Melanocytic Nevi of Human Subjects at Increased Risk for Melanoma.
Ginsenoside Re Mitigates 6-Hydroxydopamine-Induced Oxidative Stress through Upregulation of GPX4.
Quercetin Exerts Age-Dependent Beneficial Effects on Blood Pressure and Vascular Function, But Is Inefficient in Preventing Myocardial Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury in Zucker Diabetic Fatty Rats.
A Cytosolic Protein Kinase STY46 in Arabidopsis thaliana is Involved in Plant Growth and Abiotic Stress Response.
GSK-3beta-Targeting Fisetin Promotes Melanogenesis in B16F10 Melanoma Cells and Zebrafish Larvae through beta-Catenin Activation.
Lysophosphatidic Acid Upregulates Recepteur D \' origine Nantais Expression and Cell Invasion via Egr-1, AP-1, and NF-kappaB Signaling in Bladder Carcinoma Cells.
Melatonin Prevents Transforming Growth Factor-beta1-Stimulated Transdifferentiation of Renal Interstitial Fibroblasts to Myofibroblasts by Suppressing Reactive Oxygen Species-Dependent Mechanisms.
Beneficial Effect of a Multistrain Synbiotic Prodefen  Plus on the Systemic and Vascular Alterations Associated with Metabolic Syndrome in Rats: The Role of the Neuronal Nitric Oxide Synthase and Protein Kinase A.
Insights into Drought Stress Signaling in Plants and the Molecular Genetic Basis of Cotton Drought Tolerance.
The Overexpression of Tbeta4 in the Hair Follicle Tissue of Alpas Cashmere Goats Increases Cashmere Yield and Promotes Hair Follicle Development.
Inflammasome Activation Induced by a Snake Venom Lys49-Phospholipase A2 Homologue.
Inhibition of Transcription Induces Phosphorylation of YB-1 at Ser102 and Its Accumulation in the Nucleus.
On the Modulatory Roles of Neuregulins/ErbB Signaling on Synaptic Plasticity.
Signaling Network of Forkhead Family of Transcription Factors (FOXO) in Dietary Restriction.
Activation of PERK Contributes to Apoptosis and G2/M Arrest by Microtubule Disruptors in Human Colorectal Carcinoma Cells  .
Cryptotanshinone from the Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge Attenuates Ethanol-Induced Liver Injury by Activation of AMPK/SIRT1 and Nrf2 Signaling Pathways.
Characteristic Microbiomes Correlate with Polyphosphate Accumulation of Marine Sponges in South China Sea Areas.
Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Matrix Metalloproteinase-9 Expression Associated with Cell Migration in Rat Brain Astrocytes.
Impact of FAK Expression on the Cytotoxic Effects of CIK Therapy in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer.
Rice Senescence-Induced Receptor-Like Kinase (OsSRLK) Is Involved in Phytohormone-Mediated Chlorophyll Degradation.
The Serine/Threonine Kinase AP2-Associated Kinase 1 Plays an Important Role in Rabies Virus Entry.
Role of c-Jun N-Terminal Kinases (JNKs) in Epilepsy and Metabolic Cognitive Impairment.
Citrus Auraptene Induces Glial Cell Line-Derived Neurotrophic Factor in C6 Cells.
Protein Kinase B Inactivation Is Associated with Magnolol-Enhanced Therapeutic Efficacy of Sorafenib in Hepatocellular Carcinoma In Vitro and In Vivo.
Cytotoxic Effects of the Dual ErbB Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor, Lapatinib, on Walker 256 Rat Breast Tumour and IEC-6 Rat Normal Small Intestinal Cell Lines.
Tensin-3 Regulates Integrin-Mediated Proliferation and Differentiation of Tonsil-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Inhibitors KRP1 and KRP2 Are Involved in Grain Filling and Seed Germination in Rice (Oryza sativa L.).
Neuroprotective Effects of Tetrahydrocurcumin against Glutamate-Induced Oxidative Stress in Hippocampal HT22 Cells.
Targeting XPO1 and PAK4 in 8505C Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer Cells: Putative Implications for Overcoming Lenvatinib Therapy Resistance.
The Inhibitory Effects of Slow-Releasing Hydrogen Sulfide Donors in the Mechanical Allodynia, Grip Strength Deficits, and Depressive-Like Behaviors Associated with Chronic Osteoarthritis Pain.
The Autophagy Protein ATG16L1 Is Required for Sindbis Virus-Induced eIF2alpha Phosphorylation and Stress Granule Formation.
Cirrhotic Human Liver Extracellular Matrix 3D Scaffolds Promote Smad-Dependent TGF-beta1 Epithelial Mesenchymal Transition.
A Cross-Sectional Study of the Relationship between Serum Creatine Kinase and Liver Biochemistry in Patients with Rhabdomyolysis.
Origin of Monocytes/Macrophages Contributing to Chronic Inflammation in Chagas Disease: SIRT1 Inhibition of FAK-NFkappaB-Dependent Proliferation and Proinflammatory Activation of Macrophages.
Correlation of PD-L1 Expression Tested by 22C3 and SP263 in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Its Prognostic Effect on EGFR Mutation-Positive Lung Adenocarcinoma.
Current Status of Immunotherapy for Lung Cancer and Future Perspectives.
ErbB4 knockdown in serotonergic neurons in the dorsal raphe induces anxiety-like behaviors.
Contribution of D1R-expressing neurons of the dorsal dentate gyrus and Cav1.2 channels in extinction of cocaine conditioned place preference.
Possible Association of Elevated Plasma Levels of Growth Arrest-Specific Protein 6 and the Soluble Form of Tyrosine Kinase Receptor Axl with Low Hepatitis C Viral Load in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
SIRPB1 promotes prostate cancer cell proliferation via Akt activation.
Norovirus infection results in eIF2alpha independent host translation shut-off and remodels the G3BP1 interactome evading stress granule formation.
Effects of supplemental creatine and guanidinoacetic acid on spatial memory and the brain of weaned Yucatan miniature pigs.
Activation of alpha7 nAChR by PNU-282987 improves synaptic and cognitive functions through restoring the expression of synaptic-associated proteins and the CaM-CaMKII-CREB signaling pathway.
How treatments with endocrine and metabolic drugs influence pituitary cell function.
Exploring Molecular Descriptors and Fingerprints to Predict mTOR Kinase Inhibitors using Machine Learning Techniques.
Molecular Mechanism Underlying the Effect of the Intraspecific Alternation of Seed Size on Plant Drought Tolerance.
Regulation of CHK1 by the Ubiquitin-Proteasome System.
Protein kinase CK2 phosphorylation of SAPS3 subunit increases PP6 phosphatase activity with Aurora A kinase.
The Combination of Whey Protein and Dietary Fiber Does Not Alter Low-Grade Inflammation or Adipose Tissue Gene Expression in Adults with Abdominal Obesity.
Phenotypic and microRNA characterization of the neglected CD24+ cell population in MCF-7 breast cancer 3-dimensional spheroid culture.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 signaling pathway contributes to baicalein-mediated inhibition of dextran sulfate sodium-induced experimental colitis in mice.
Low Frequency of Mutation Testing in the United States: An Analysis of 3866 GIST Patients.
Modulation of the HGF/c-Met axis impacts prolonged hematopoietic progenitor mobilization following trauma and chronic stress.
Molecular cloning and the involvement of IRE1alpha-XBP1s signaling pathway in palmitic acid induced - Inflammation in primary hepatocytes from large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea).
The RALF1-FERONIA complex phosphorylates eIF4E1 to promote protein synthesis and polar root hair growth.
Therapeutic potential of polyphenols in cardiovascular diseases: regulation of mTOR signaling pathway.
Genetic analysis of oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum stress responses induced by cobalt toxicity in budding yeast.
All-trans retinoic acid exerts selective anti-FLT3-ITD acute myeloid leukemia efficacy through downregulating Chk1 kinase.
Distinct Calcium/CAlmodulin-dependent Serine protein Kinase domains control cardiac sodium channel membrane expression and focal adhesion anchoring.
Regulation of autophagy and apoptosis by Dp44mT-mediated activation of AMPK in pancreatic cancer cells.
Targeting ROCK signaling in health, malignant and non-malignant diseases.
The expression level of class III phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase controls the degree of compensatory nephron hypertrophy.
CRISPR-Cas9/Phosphoproteomics Identifies Multiple Non-canonical Targets of Myosin Light Chain Kinase.
Detection of EGFR T790M Mutation by Droplet Digital Polymerase Chain Reaction in Lung Carcinoma Cytology Samples.
Intermedin attenuates cardiomyocytes hypoxia-injury through upregulating long noncoding RNA MALAT1.
A functional variant in CHK1 contributes to increased risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma in a Han Chinese population.
Targeting Wnt/beta-catenin and PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathways in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Dynamic characterization of intestinal metaplasia in the gastric corpus mucosa of Atp4a-deficient mice.
Higher dosing of alglucosidase alfa improves outcomes in children with Pompe disease: a clinical study and review of the literature.
Effects of mechanical bed massage on biochemical markers of exercise-induced back muscle fatigue in athletes: A randomized controlled trial.
Underlying Mechanisms and Potential Therapeutic Molecular Targets in Blood-Brain Barrier Disruption After Subarachnoid Hemorrhage.
Targeting tau hyperphosphorylation via kinase inhibition- Strategy to address Alzheimers \'  disease.
Isoform-Selective PI3K Inhibitors for Various Diseases.
Identification of high-affinity inhibitors of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase-3: towards therapeutic management of cancer.
Genome-wide analysis of PYL-PP2C-SnRK2s family in Camellia sinensis.
Toll-like receptor-4 pathway as a possible molecular mechanism for brain injuries after subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Protective effect of hyperoside against hydrogen peroxide-induced dysfunction and oxidative stress in osteoblastic MC3T3-E1 cells.
Ultrafast Low-Temperature Photothermal Therapy Activates Autophagy and Recovers Immunity for Efficient Antitumor Treatment.
USP15 potentiates NF-kappaB activation by differentially stabilizing TAB2 and TAB3.
A rare case of BRAF V600E-mutated epithelioid glioblastoma with a sarcomatous component.
Extracellular vesicle-derived circ_SLC19A1 promotes prostate cancer cell growth and invasion through the miR-497/septin 2 pathway.
Phosphorylation of histone H4 at serine 1 is associated with GCN5 and mediates autophagy in osteosarcoma bone cell lines.
Synergetic utilization of glucose and glycerol for efficient myo-inositol biosynthesis.
The Usefulness of Straight Chemotherapy for Dermal Exposed Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase Fusion-Positive Anaplastic Large-Cell Lymphoma with Intracranial Invasion.
Recombinant human thrombopoietin combined with interleukin-2 improves the effects of chemosensitivity and thrombocytopenia on a basic gemcitabine and carboplatin combination therapy for non-small cell lung cancer in a nude mouse model.
A Phase I/II first-line study of R-CHOP plus B-cell receptor/NF-kappaB-double-targeting to molecularly assess therapy response.
Inhibitory effects of SEL201 in acute myeloid leukemia.
Amplification-driven BCL6-suppressed cytostasis is mediated by transrepression of FOXO3 and post-translational modifications of FOXO3 in urinary bladder urothelial carcinoma.
WNT signaling inducing activity in ascites predicts poor outcome in ovarian cancer.
ANKRD22, a novel tumor microenvironment-induced mitochondrial protein promotes metabolic reprogramming of colorectal cancer cells.
ImmunoPET Predicts Response to Met-targeted Radioligand Therapy in Models of Pancreatic Cancer Resistant to Met Kinase Inhibitors.
Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia After Relapse of Chronic Myeloid Leukemia: A Case Report.
Induction of tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase expression in human monocytic leukemia/lymphoma cell lines THP-1 and U937.
Lysophosphatidic Acid Receptor 5 (LPAR5) Plays a Significance Role in Papillary Thyroid Cancer via Phosphatidylinositol 3-Kinase/Akt/Mammalian Target of Rapamycin (mTOR) Pathway.
Grape Extract from Chardonnay Seeds Restores Deoxycorticosterone Acetate-Salt-Induced Endothelial Dysfunction and Hypertension in Rats.
Cloning, Expression, and Purification of a Pathogenesis-Related Protein from Oenanthe javanica and Its Biological Properties.
15-Deoxy-Delta12,14-prostaglandin J2 Inhibits Cell Migration on Renal Cell Carcinoma via Down-Regulation of Focal Adhesion Kinase Signaling.
The Synthetic Curcumin Derivative CNB-001 Attenuates Thrombin-Stimulated Microglial Inflammation by Inhibiting the ERK and p38 MAPK Pathways.
Metformin Suppresses LPS-Induced Inflammatory Responses in Macrophage and Ameliorates Allergic Contact Dermatitis in Mice via Autophagy.
Discovery of 3,5-Dimethylpyridin-4(1H)-one Derivatives as Activators of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase (AMPK).
[Vascular adverse events of ponatinib during treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-positive leukemia: a retrospective single-institution analysis].
Silencing Long Non-coding RNA LINC01224 Inhibits Hepatocellular Carcinoma Progression via MicroRNA-330-5p-Induced Inhibition of CHEK1.
Plk2 Regulated by miR-128 Induces Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury in Cardiac Cells.
Sunitinib Rechallenge in Patients With Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Corrigendum to "Metabolism-based structure optimization: Discovery of a potent and orally available tyrosine kinase ALK inhibitor bearing the tetracyclic benzo[b]carbazolone core" [Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett. 26 (2016) 5399-5402].
Secondary acquisition of BCR-ABL1 fusion in de novo GATA2-MECOM positive acute myeloid leukemia with subsequent emergence of a rare KMT2A-ASXL2 fusion.
Rho-Kinase Planar Polarization at Tissue Boundaries Depends on Phospho-regulation of Membrane Residence Time.
Neuron-specific deletion of VEGF or its receptor Flk-1 impairs recognition memory.
The Potential Protective Effects of Diosmin on Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Cardiomyopathy in Rats.
Enhanced CaMKII-Dependent Late INa Induces Atrial Pro-Arrhythmic Activity in Patients with Sleep-Disordered Breathing.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of novel (E)-N \' -benzylidene hydrazides as novel c-Met inhibitors through fragment based virtual screening.
S-Nitrosylation of Muscle LIM Protein Facilitates Myocardial Hypertrophy Through Toll-Like Receptor 3-Mediated Receptor-Interacting Protein Kinase 3 and NLRP3 Inflammasome Activation.
Modulatory Effect of Silymarin on Apoptosis in Testosterone -Induced Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia in Rats.
Epigenetic mechanism in search for the pathomechanism of diabetic neuropathy development in diabetes mellitus type 1 (T1DM).
14-3-3 proteins contribute to leaf and root development via brassinosteroid insensitive 1 in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Recombinant Adiponectin Peptide Ameliorates Brain Injury Following Intracerebral Hemorrhage by Suppressing Astrocyte-Derived Inflammation via the Inhibition of Drp1-Mediated Mitochondrial Fission.
LINC00858 promotes colorectal cancer by sponging miR-4766-5p to regulate PAK2.
Effect of dual inhibition of histone deacetylase and phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase in Philadelphia chromosome-positive leukemia cells.
Lycorine Induces autophagy-associated apoptosis by targeting MEK2 and enhances vemurafenib activity in colorectal cancer.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha-induced protein 1 as a novel tumor suppressor through selective downregulation of CSNK2B blocks nuclear factor-kappaB activation in hepatocellular carcinoma.
A phase II trial of single oral FGF inhibitor, AZD4547, as second or third line therapy in malignant pleural mesothelioma.
Inhibition of JNK ameliorates depressive-like behaviors and reduces the activation of pro-inflammatory cytokines and the phosphorylation of glucocorticoid receptors at serine 246 induced by neuroinflammation.
Systematic molecular profiling of inhibitor response to the clinical missense mutations of ErbB family kinases in human gastric cancer.
Fundc1-dependent mitophagy is obligatory to ischemic preconditioning-conferred renoprotection in ischemic AKI via suppression of Drp1-mediated mitochondrial fission.
Energy metabolism responses in muscle tissue of rainbow trout Oncorhynchus mykiss fry to CO2-induced aquatic acidification based on metabolomics.
Interleukin-17A induces renal fibrosis through the ERK and Smad signaling pathways.
The circular RNA HIPK3 (circHIPK3) and its regulation in cancer progression: Review.
Interleukin-10 limits the initial steps of the cardiorenal damage induced by ethanol consumption.
ROCK2: A novel, potential therapeutic target in diabetic cardiomyocytes?
STRIP2, a member of the striatin-interacting phosphatase and kinase complex, is implicated in lung adenocarcinoma cell growth and migration.
A Comprehensive Tyrosine Phosphoproteomic Analysis Reveals Novel Components of the Platelet CLEC-2 Signaling Cascade.
The plasma-membrane polyamine transporter PUT3 is regulated by the Na+ /H+ antiporter SOS1 and protein kinase SOS2.
Exosome-delivered circRNA promotes glycolysis to induce chemoresistance through the miR-122-PKM2 axis in colorectal cancer.
Modulation effects of black-vinegar based supplement against a high-fat dietary habit: antiobesity/hypolipidemic, antioxidative, and energy-metabolism effects.
Contribution of introns to the species diversity associated with the apicomplexan parasite, Neospora caninum.
Inhibition of FGFR Signaling Partially Rescues Osteoarthritis in Mice Overexpressing High Molecular Weight FGF2 Isoforms.
14-3-3 proteins protect AMPK-phosphorylated ten-eleven translocation-2 (TET2) from PP2A-mediated dephosphorylation.
[Mechanical stress promotes cartilage repair in inflammatory environment].
Melochia corchorifolia extract inhibits melanogenesis in B16F10 mouse melanoma cells via activation of the ERK signaling.
Meroterpenoid-Rich Fraction of the Ethanol Extract of Sargassum Serratifolium Suppresses Collagen-Induced Rheumatoid Arthritis in DBA/1J Mice Via Inhibition of Nuclear Factor kappaB Activation.
Interplay Among PI3K/AKT, PTEN/FOXO and AR Signaling in Prostate Cancer.
The Dephosphorylation of p70S6 (Thr389) Kinase as a Marker of L-Glutamate-Induced Excitotoxicity Related to Diabetes Disturbances-an Unconventional In Vitro Model.
Pharmacology of tyrosine kinase inhibitors in chronic myeloid leukemia; a clinician \' s perspective.
The phosphoenolpyruvate-pyruvate-oxaloacetate node genes and enzymes in Streptomyces coelicolor M-145.
1H, 13C and 15N backbone resonance assignment of the human BRCA2 N-terminal region.
Dietary potassium restriction attenuates urinary sodium wasting in the generalized form of pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1.
3 \' -sialyllactose targets cell surface protein, SIGLEC-3, and induces megakaryocyte differentiation and apoptosis by lipid raft-dependent endocytosis.
Astragaloside IV Synergizes with Ferulic Acid to Alleviate Hepatic Fibrosis in Bile Duct-Ligated Cirrhotic Rats.
Objective response and prolonged disease control of advanced adrenocortical carcinoma with cabozantinib.
Pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase is a negative regulator of interleukin-10 production in macrophages.
CD147 deficiency in T cells prevents thymic involution by inhibiting the EMT process in TECs in the presence of TGFbeta.
Spitz melanoma is a distinct subset of spitzoid melanoma.
Time-delimited signaling of MET receptor tyrosine kinase regulates cortical circuit development and critical period plasticity.
YAP1 mediates survival of ALK-rearranged lung cancer cells treated with alectinib via pro-apoptotic protein regulation.
IKKbeta overexpression together with a lack of tumour suppressor genes causes ameloblastic odontomas in mice.
Correction: The ACT domain in chloroplast precursor-phosphorylating STY kinases binds metabolites and allosterically regulates kinase activity.
Allergin-1 Immunoreceptor Suppresses House Dust Mite-Induced Allergic Airway Inflammation.
Immunodominant AH1 Antigen-Deficient Necroptotic, but Not Apoptotic, Murine Cancer Cells Induce Antitumor Protection.
AMPK interactome reveals its new function in non-homologous end joining DNA repair.
Investigating New Mechanisms of Acquired Resistance to Targeted Therapies: If You Hit Them Harder, Do They Get Up Differently?
Long noncoding RNA DRAIC inhibits prostate cancer progression by interacting with IKK to inhibit NF-kappaB activation.
Cellular therapy of corneal epithelial defect by adipose mesenchymal stem cell-derived epithelial progenitors.
Dopamine D1 receptor-mediated activation of the ERK signaling pathway is involved in the osteogenic differentiation of bone mesenchymal stem cells.
Acylglycerol kinase promotes tumour growth and metastasis via activating the PI3K/AKT/GSK3beta signalling pathway in renal cell carcinoma.
Orbital involvement by NUT midline carcinoma: new presentation and encouraging outcome managed by radiotherapy combined with tyrosine kinase inhibitor: a case report.
Flow cytometry and targeted immune transcriptomics identify distinct profiles in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia receiving tyrosine kinase inhibitors with or without interferon-alpha.
Dopamine D3 receptor and GSK3beta signaling mediate deficits in novel object recognition memory within dopamine transporter knockdown mice.
lncRNA TINCR sponges miR-214-5p to upregulate ROCK1 in hepatocellular carcinoma.
AnvirzelTMregulates cell death through inhibiting GSK-3 activity in human U87 glioma cells.
Ectopic expression of the transcription factor CUC2 restricts growth by cell cycle inhibition in Arabidopsis leaves.
Arg1201Gln mutation of insulin receptor impairs tyrosine kinase activity and causes insulin resistance: a case report.
Novel CDKs inhibitors for the treatment of solid tumour by simultaneously regulating the cell cycle and transcription control.
Prokineticin 2 relieves hypoxia/reoxygenation-induced injury through activation of Akt/mTOR pathway in H9c2 cardiomyocytes.
PSK1 coordinates glucose metabolism and utilization and regulates energy metabolism oscillation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
GRK6 regulates the hemostatic response to injury through its rate-limiting effects on GPCR signaling in platelets.
Fecal Markers of Inflammation and Disease Activity in Paediatric Crohn \' s Disease: Results from the ImageKids Study.
Antitumor Potency of an Anti-CD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor T-Cell Therapy, Lisocabtagene Maraleucel in Combination With Ibrutinib or Acalabrutinib.
Design of potential IKK-betainhibitors using molecular docking and molecular dynamics techniques for their anti-cancer potential.
Efficacy of a Bruton \' s Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor (PRN-473) in the treatment of canine pemphigus foliaceus.
Downregulation of the DNA 5-hydroxymethylcytosine is involved in mitochondrial dysfunction and neuronal impairment in high fat diet-induced diabetic mice.
Antibody-drug conjugates for lung cancer in the era of personalized oncology.
Fabrication and characterization of zein/lactoferrin composite nanoparticles for encapsulating 7,8-dihydroxyflavone: Enhancement of stability, water solubility and bioaccessibility.
Protection of diabetes-induced kidney injury by phosphocreatine via the regulation of ERK/Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway.
Functions of FGFR2 corrupted by translocations in intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.
Immunohistochemical detection of senescence markers in human sarcomas.
Cooperation of SRPK2, Numb and p53 in the malignant biology and chemosensitivity of colorectal cancer.
T790M mutations identified by circulating tumor DNA test in lung adenocarcinoma patients who progressed on first-line epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors.
Levo-corydalmine attenuates microglia activation and neuropathic pain by suppressing ASK1-p38 MAPK/NF-kappaB signaling pathways in rat spinal cord.
[Experimental study of cardiac function by high-resolution ultrasound in sepsis rats with cecal ligation and puncture].
Phytochemicals inhibit migration of triple negative breast cancer cells by targeting kinase signaling.
Central nesfatin-1 activates lipid mobilization in adipose tissue and fatty acid oxidation in muscle via the sympathetic nervous system.
LncRNA CRNDE is activated by SP1 and promotes osteosarcoma proliferation, invasion, and epithelial-mesenchymal transition via Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway.
Comprehensive analysis of biological networks and the eukaryotic initiation factor 4A-3 gene as pivotal in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Adiponectin receptor agonist AdipoRon attenuates calcification of osteoarthritis chondrocytes by promoting autophagy.
CCR1 Activation Promotes Neuroinflammation Through CCR1/TPR1/ERK1/2 Signaling Pathway After Intracerebral Hemorrhage in Mice.
Neddylation-Independent Activities of MLN4924.
The Biology of F-box Proteins: The SCF Family of E3 Ubiquitin Ligases.
The isoflavone genistein enhances osteoblastogenesis: signaling pathways involved.
Integration of hepatitis B virus DNA into p21-activated kinase 3 (PAK3) gene in HepG2.2.15 cells.
Pregnancy exposure to midostaurin in the first trimester.
Correlation between combining 18F-FDG PET/CT metabolic parameters and other clinical features and ALK or ROS1 fusion in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer.
A novel LC-MS/MS approach to the pharmacokinetic study of free and bound aflibercept simultaneously.
Luseogliflozin increases beta cell proliferation through humoral factors that activate an insulin receptor- and IGF-1 receptor-independent pathway.
Association of BMI and major molecular pathological markers of colorectal cancer in men and women.
Ribociclib-Related Stevens-Johnson Syndrome: Oncologic Awareness, Case Report, and Literature Review.
LINC00511 influences cellular proliferation through cyclin-dependent kinases in papillary thyroid carcinoma.
Downregulation of SPARC Expression Decreases Cell Migration and Invasion Involving Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition through the p-FAK/p-ERK Pathway in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
SFI Enhances Therapeutic Efficiency of Gefitinib: An Insight into Reversal of Resistance to Targeted Therapy in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Cells.
Integrin-Linked Kinase Is Involved In the Proliferation and Invasion of Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
AFAP1-AS1 induces cisplatin resistance in non-small cell lung cancer through PI3K/AKT pathway.
Decreased expression of TXNIP predicts poor prognosis in patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
CDKN3 promotes cell proliferation, invasion and migration by activating the AKT signaling pathway in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
beta-elemene enhances cisplatin-induced apoptosis in bladder cancer cells through the ROS-AMPK signaling pathway.
Bioinformatics analysis to screen key genes in papillary thyroid carcinoma.
Cathepsin L interacts with CDK2-AP1 as a potential predictor of prognosis in patients with breast cancer.
Prognostic genes of triple-negative breast cancer identified by weighted gene co-expression network analysis.
miR-224-5p protects dental pulp stem cells from apoptosis by targeting Rac1.
Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Endovascular Infection in a Neonate: Prolonged, Safe, and Effective Use of Daptomycin and Enoxaparin.
Macrophage-derived neurotrophin-3 promotes heterotopic ossification in rats.
CD93 is expressed on chronic myeloid leukemia stem cells and identifies a quiescent population which persists after tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy.
MAP3Kinase-dependent SnRK2-kinase activation is required for abscisic acid signal transduction and rapid osmotic stress response.
Publisher Correction: STRIPAK integrates upstream signals to initiate the Hippo kinase cascade.
Microglia actively remodel adult hippocampal neurogenesis through the phagocytosis secretome.
Repurposing papaverine as an antiviral agent against influenza viruses and paramyxoviruses.
RNase L promotes the formation of unique ribonucleoprotein granules distinct from stress granules.
Mass spectrometry-based selectivity profiling identifies a highly selective inhibitor of the kinase MELK that delays mitotic entry in cancer cells.
A molecular interaction field describing nonconventional intermolecular interactions and its application to protein-ligand interaction prediction.
Altered microbial community structure in PI3Kgamma knockout mice with colitis impeding relief of inflammation: Establishment of new indices for intestinal microbial disorder.
Immunohistochemical Analysis of mTOR Pathway-Related Proteins in Kaposiform Hemangioendothelioma.
Adamantinomatous craniopharyngioma: moving toward targeted therapies.
Important Roles of Endothelium-Dependent Hyperpolarization in Coronary Microcirculation and Cardiac Diastolic Function in Mice.
Artemisinin attenuated atherosclerosis in high-fat diet-fed ApoE-/- mice by promoting macrophage autophagy via AMPK/mTOR/ULK1 pathway.
Identification of potential key genes for HER-2 positive breast cancer based on bioinformatics analysis.
Long-term complete response to intrathecal trastuzumab in a patient with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis due to her2- overexpressing breast cancer: Case report.
Somatostatin receptor 5-mediated modulation of outward K+ currents in rat retinal ganglion cells.
Bruton tyrosine kinase deficiency augments NLRP3 inflammasome activation and causes IL-1beta-mediated colitis.
Ubenimex induces autophagy inhibition and EMT suppression to overcome cisplatin resistance in GC cells by perturbing the CD13/EMP3/PI3K/AKT/NF-kappaB axis.
CEP215 and AURKA regulate spindle pole focusing and aMTOC organization in mouse oocytes.
Sex and fiber type independently influence AMPK, TBC1D1, and TBC1D4 at rest and during recovery from high intensity exercise in humans.
Discovery of Potent and Selective Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Bifunctional Small-molecule Degraders.
Discovery of a Small Side Cavity in Sphingosine Kinase 2 that Enhances Inhibitor Potency and Selectivity.
Discovery of a Novel, Highly Potent, and Selective Thieno[3,2-d]pyrimidinone-Based Cdc7 inhibitor with a Quinuclidine Moiety (TAK-931) as an Orally Active Investigational Anti-Tumor Agent.
Relationship between BRSK1 rs12611091 variant and age at natural menopause based on physical activity.
Approach to stage IV non-small-cell lung cancer: how to select among first-line therapy options?
Risk factors and molecular characterization of penile cancer: impact on prognosis and potential targets for systemic therapy.
The CDK Pef1 and Protein Phosphatase 4 oppose each other for regulating cohesin binding to fission yeast chromosomes.
Supplementation of Inulin with Various Degree of Polymerization Ameliorates Liver Injury and Gut Microbiota Dysbiosis in High Fat-Fed Obese Mice.
Antitumor Activity of Ohmyungsamycin A through the Regulation of the Skp2-p27 Axis and MCM4 in Human Colorectal Cancer Cells.
ERRalpha activates SHMT2 transcription to enhance the resistance of breast cancer to lapatinib via modulating the mitochondrial metabolic adaption.
Exopolysaccharides isolated from Rhizopus nigricans induced colon cancer cell apoptosis in vitro and in vivo via activating the AMPK pathway.
Cyclization of a G4-specific peptide enhances its stability and G-quadruplex binding affinity.
S100A16 Regulates HeLa Cell through the Phosphatidylinositol 3 Kinase (PI3K)/AKT Signaling Pathway.
Recent Advances in Multi-target Drugs Targeting Protein Kinases and Histone Deacetylases in Cancer Therapy.
[Effects of dihydromyricetin on the migration and invasion of human gastric cancer MKN45 cells and its mechanism].
[Effects of apolipoprotein E on proliferation of mouse pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells induced by hypoxia].
[Exogenous spermine alleviates myocardial injury induced by hyperglycemia by inhibiting golgi stress].
Stimulating pyruvate dehydrogenase complex reduces itaconate levels and enhances TCA cycle anabolic bioenergetics in acutely inflamed monocytes.
Effects of mineral supplementation on reproductive performance of pregnant cross breed Bonsmara cows: An experimental study.
Protective effect of hypoglycemic granule against diabetes-induced liver injury by alleviating glycolipid metabolic disorder and oxidative stress.
Rho Kinase Inhibition by Fasudil Attenuates Adriamycin-Induced Chronic Heart Injury.
Treatment-free remission after first-line dasatinib treatment in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia in the chronic phase: the D-NewS Study of the Kanto CML Study Group.
Nilotinib treatment induced large granular lymphocyte expansion and maintenance of longitudinal remission in a Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Therapeutic potential of IKK-beta inhibitors from natural phenolics for inflammation in cardiovascular diseases.
Down-Regulation of miR-2053 Inhibits the Development and Progression of Esophageal Carcinoma by Targeting Fyn-Related Kinase (FRK).
PTK7 promotes the malignant properties of cancer stem-like cells in esophageal squamous cell lines.
Advance on toxicity of metal nickel nanoparticles.
LINC00163 inhibits the invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer cells as a ceRNA by sponging miR-183 to regulate the expression of AKAP12.
Propofol suppresses proliferation and metastasis of colorectal cancer cells by regulating miR-124-3p.1/AKT3.
Molecular characterization of a new partitivirus, MbPV1, isolated from the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium brunneum in China.
The microRNA-708-5p/ZEB1/EMT axis mediates the metastatic potential of osteosarcoma.
STK31 regulates the proliferation and cell cycle of lung cancer cells via the Wnt/beta-catenin pathway and feedback regulation by c-myc.
CB2R orchestrates neuronal autophagy through regulation of the mTOR signaling pathway in the hippocampus of developing rats with status epilepticus.
Formononetin induces apoptotic cell death through the suppression of mitogen-activated protein kinase and nuclear factor-kappaB phosphorylation in FaDu human head and neck squamous cell carcinoma cells.
Anti-proliferative effect of cardamonin on mTOR inhibitor-resistant cancer cells.
Metformin alleviates endometrial hyperplasia through the UCA1/miR-144/TGF-beta1/AKT signaling pathway.
Deficiency of Pdk1 contributes to primordial follicle activation via the upregulation of YAP expression and the pro-inflammatory response.
Acer okamotoanum inhibits adipocyte differentiation by the regulation of adipogenesis and lipolysis in 3T3-L1 cells.
Inhibition of PIM2 in liver cancer decreases tumor cell proliferation in vitro and in vivo primarily through the modulation of cell cycle progression.
FLI1 promotes protein translation via the transcriptional regulation of MKNK1 expression.
MicroRNA-15a-5p induces pulmonary artery smooth muscle cell apoptosis in a pulmonary arterial hypertension model via the VEGF/p38/MMP-2 signaling pathway.
Clinically relevant GSK-3beta inhibitor 9-ING-41 is active as a single agent and in combination with other antitumor therapies in human renal cancer.
Lung adenocarcinoma resistance to therapy with EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors is related to increased expression of cancer stem cell markers SOX2, OCT4 and NANOG.
Hyperoside exhibits anticancer activity in non-small cell lung cancer cells with T790M mutations by upregulating FoxO1 via CCAT1.
Wnt5a/ROR1 activates DAAM1 and promotes the migration in osteosarcoma cells.
Bcl2l10 mediates the proliferation, invasion and migration of ovarian cancer cells.
Long non-coding RNA CASC2 suppresses pancreatic cancer cell growth and progression by regulating the miR-24/MUC6 axis.
Ophiopogonin D \'  induces RIPK1-dependent necroptosis in androgen-dependent LNCaP prostate cancer cells.
Preconditioning with repetitive electromagnetic stimulation enhances activity of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells from elderly patients through Erk1/2 via nitric oxide.
Construction of a long non-coding RNA-mediated transcription factor and gene regulatory triplet network reveals global patterns and biomarkers for ischemic stroke.
lncRNA CYTOR promotes tamoxifen resistance in breast cancer cells via sponging miR-125a-5p.
Precision medicine for human cancers with Notch signaling dysregulation (Review).
Anti-platelet activity of mineral-balanced deep sea water is mediated via the regulation of Akt and ERK pathway crosstalk.
A Cautionary Tale and Update on Breast Implant-Associated Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma (BIA-ALCL).
Haploinsufficient tumor suppressor Tip60 negatively regulates oncogenic Aurora B kinase.
[Expression of modified humanized immunoapoptotic protein and its specific killing effect on HER2-positive tumor cells].
[Cyanidin-3-O-glucoside inhibits proliferation of colorectal cancer cells by targeting TOPK].
[oxLDL/beta2GPI/anti-beta2GPI antibody complex inhibits autophagy in RAW264.7 cells through the activation of AKT pathway].
Design, Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of Novel 4-phenoxypyridine Derivatives Containing Semicarbazones Moiety as Potential c-Met Kinase Inhibitors.
DP1 Activation Reverses Age-Related Hypertension via NEDD4L-Mediated T-bet Degradation in T Cells.
Methyl linderone suppresses TPA-stimulated IL-8 and MMP-9 expression via the ERK/STAT3 pathway in MCF-7 breast cancer cells.
Thiazolidine-2,4-dione-based irreversible allosteric IKK-beta kinase inhibitors: Optimization into in vivo active anti-inflammatory agents.
Genome-Wide Mining of Disease Resistance Gene Analogs Using Conserved Domains.
Analysis and Differential Expression of Primo Genes Using RNA-Seq and qRT-PCR Experiments.
Extracellular Acidosis Regulates the Expression of Inflammatory Mediators in Rat Epithelial Cells.
Systemic Treatment of Psoriasis with JAK Inhibitors: A Review.
Eph receptors: the bridge linking host and virus.
Bilateral pan-plexus lesion after substance use: A case report.
Expression, Purification, and Characterization of Human Diacylglycerol Kinase zeta.
Short-Term Environmental Conditioning Enhances Tumorigenic Potential of Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Cells.
Inclusion Body Myositis Treated with Alemtuzumab.
Alectinib, an anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitor, as a bridge to allogeneic stem cell transplantation in a patient with ALK-positive anaplastic large-cell lymphoma refractory to chemotherapy and brentuximab vedotin.
Cysteine catabolism and the serine biosynthesis pathway support pyruvate production during pyruvate kinase knockdown in pancreatic cancer cells.
Inhibition of Tumor Lymphangiogenesis is an Important Part that EGFR-TKIs Play in the Treatment of NSCLC.
Knockdown of serine/threonine-protein kinase 24 promotes tumorigenesis and myeloid-derived suppressor cell expansion in an orthotopic immunocompetent gastric cancer animal model.
Aberrant CDK9 expression within chordoma tissues and the therapeutic potential of a selective CDK9 inhibitor LDC000067.
Glutathione S-transferase A1 suppresses tumor progression and indicates better prognosis of human primary hepatocellular carcinoma.
Recombinant Dual-target MDM2/MDMX Inhibitor Reverses Doxorubicin Resistance through Activation of the TAB1/TAK1/p38 MAPK Pathway in Wild-type p53 Multidrug-resistant Breast Cancer Cells.
A Long Non-coding RNA Lnc712 Regulates Breast Cancer Cell Proliferation.
Passenger sequences can promote interlaced dimers in a common variant of the maltose-binding protein.
The Prognosis of Lung Cancer With Different Metastatic Patterns.
Application of Cluster Analysis to Distant Metastases from Lung Cancer.
The Role of Anthracyclines in Acute Myeloid Leukemia Consolidation.
Papuamine Inhibits Viability of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Cells by Inducing Mitochondrial Dysfunction.
Kisspeptin Promotes Glioblastoma Cell Invasiveness Via the Gq-PLC-PKC Pathway.
COUP-TFII Knock-down Promotes Proliferation and Invasion in Colorectal Cancer Cells via Activation of Akt Pathway and Up-regulation of FOXC1.
Taxotere Induces Dephosphorylation of MET in Patient-derived Tumor Models.
Comparison of HER2 Status Before and After Trastuzumab-based Chemotherapy in Patients With Advanced Gastric Cancer.
Targeting Fibroblast Growth Factor Receptor (FGFR) and Phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) Signaling Pathways in Medulloblastoma Cell Lines.
High Expression of c-Met, PKClambda and ALDH1A3 Predicts a Poor Prognosis in Late-stage Breast Cancer.
Molecular basis for activation and biased signalling at the thrombin-activated GPCR Proteinase Activated Receptor-4 (PAR4).
Deletion of Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3beta in D2 Receptor-Positive Neurons Ameliorates Cognitive Impairment via NMDA Receptor-Dependent Synaptic Plasticity.
Therapeutic effect of whole brain radiotherapy on advanced NSCLC between EGFR TKI-naive and TKI-resistant.
Disorders of FZ-CRD; insights towards FZ-CRD folding and therapeutic landscape.
Remarkable Response to Ceritinib and Brigatinib in an Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase-Rearranged Anaplastic Thyroid Carcinoma previously treated with Crizotinib.
Mechanisms involved in cardioprotection induced by physical exercise.
Characterization of JAK1 Pseudokinase Domain in Cytokine Signaling.
Phosphorylation Signaling in APP Processing in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Cardiac-Specific Overexpression of Catalytically Inactive Corin Reduces Edema, Contractile Dysfunction, and Death in Mice with Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
Structure-Based Virtual Screening and Biological Evaluation of Peptide Inhibitors for Polo-Box Domain.
Structure-switching aptamer triggering hybridization displacement reaction for label-free detection of exosomes.
Charcot-Marie-Tooth Hereditary Neuropathy Overview
Hipk is required for JAK/STAT activity during development and tumorigenesis.
Molecular imaging to identify patients with metastatic breast cancer who benefit from endocrine treatment combined with cyclin-dependent kinase inhibition.
Effects of fullerene C60 in blue mussels: Role of mTOR in autophagy related cellular/tissue alterations.
Resveratrol-derived excited postsynaptic potentiation specifically via PKCbeta-NMDA receptor mediation.
Diacylglycerol kinase delta destabilizes serotonin transporter protein through the ubiquitin-proteasome system.
mTORC1 is involved in DGKbeta-induced neurite outgrowth and spinogenesis.
DJ-1-binding compound B enhances Nrf2 activity through the PI3-kinase-Akt pathway by DJ-1-dependent inactivation of PTEN.
Excessive arachidonic acid induced actin bunching remodeling and podocyte injury via a PKA-c-Abl dependent pathway.
Oxidative stress and cancer development: Are non-coding RNAs the missing links?
Aortic dissection in a patient treated with anlotinib for metastatic lung squamous cell carcinoma.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 7 inhibitor THZ1 in cancer therapy.
Targeted viral vector transduction of relaxin-3 neurons in the rat nucleus incertus using a novel cell-type specific promoter.
Prospects of HSP70 as a genetic marker for thermo-tolerance and immuno-modulation in animals under climate change scenario.
Human primary middle ear epithelial cell culture: A novel in vitro model to study otitis media.
Calcium Influx Caused by ER Stress Inducers Enhances Oncolytic Adenovirus Enadenotucirev Replication and Killing through PKCalpha Activation.
Effect of liquid flow by pipetting during medium change on deformation of hiPSC aggregates.
Bi-allelic Homology-Directed Repair with Helper-Dependent Adenoviruses.
Novel Use of N-Acetylcysteine in Management of Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Induced Acute Liver Injury.
The effect of low level laser irradiation on oxidative stress, muscle damage and function following neuromuscular electrical stimulation. A double blind, randomised, crossover trial.
R2TP/PAQosome as a promising chemotherapeutic target in cancer.
Genetic interactions between Protein Kinase D and Lobe mutants during eye development of Drosophila melanogaster.
Casticin inhibits nasopharyngeal carcinoma growth by targeting phosphoinositide 3-kinase.
Anti-oxidative or anti-inflammatory additives reduce ischemia/reperfusions injury in an animal model of cardiopulmonary bypass.
Antidiabetic Drugs and Statins in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Effects of the addition of oocyte meiosis-inhibiting drugs on the expression of maturation-promoting factor components and organization of cytoplasmic organelles.
PAK1 expression determines poor prognosis and immune evasion in metastatic renal cell carcinoma patients.
Association between the fetal cerebroplacental ratio and biomarkers of hypoxia and angiogenesis in the maternal circulation at term.
Interactions between metabolism regulator adiponectin and intrinsic cardiac autonomic nervous system: A potential treatment target for atrial fibrillation.
Structural basis for the activation of PLC-gamma isozymes by phosphorylation and cancer-associated mutations.
Cdc7 activates replication checkpoint by phosphorylating the Chk1 binding domain of Claspin in human cells.
Ligand Based Pharmacophore Modeling Followed by Biological Screening Lead to Discovery of Novel PDK1 Inhibitors as Anticancer Agents.
Addition of docosahexaenoic acid synergistically enhances the efficacy of apatinib for triple-negative breast cancer therapy.
Involvement of phosphatase and tensin homolog-induced putative kinase 1/Parkin-mediated autophagy in angiotensin II-induced cardiac hypertrophy in C57BL/6 mice.
miR-636 represses cell survival by targeting CDK6/Bcl-2 in cervical cancer.
Synergistic effects of Rho kinase inhibitor Y-27632 and Noggin overexpression on the proliferation and neuron-like cell differentiation of stem cells derived from human exfoliated deciduous teeth.
New Promise and Opportunities for Allosteric Kinase Inhibitors.
Epiregulin promotes trophoblast epithelial-mesenchymal transition through poFUT1 and O-fucosylation by poFUT1 on uPA.
Involvement of intracellular caveolin-1 distribution in the suppression of antigen-induced mast cell activation by cationic liposomes.
Gypenoside A protects ischemia/reperfusion injuries by suppressing miR-143-3p level via the activation of AMPK/Foxo1 pathway.
A simple and efficient workflow for generation of knock-in mutations in Jurkat T cells using CRISPR/Cas9.
Release of endogenous hydrogen sulfide in enteric nerve cells suppresses intestinal motility during severe acute pancreatitis.
Tuning PFKFB3 Bisphosphatase Activity Through Allosteric Interference.
Involvement of epithelial-mesenchymal transition-inducing transcription factors in the mechanism of Helicobacter pylori-induced fibroblasts activation.
Melatonin influences the expression and oligomerization of amylin in rat INS-1E cells.
Metabolite regulatory interactions control plant respiratory metabolism via Target of Rapamycin (TOR) kinase activation.
Aurora A kinase inhibition destabilizes PAX3-FOXO1 and MYCN and synergizes with Navitoclax to induce Rhabdomyosarcoma cell death.
Wnt-Induced Stabilization of KDM4C Is Required for Wnt/beta-Catenin Target Gene Expression and Glioblastoma Tumorigenesis.
The important role of connexin 43 in subarachnoid hemorrhage-induced cerebral vasospasm.
Roles of transforming growth factor-beta and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase isoforms in integrin beta1-mediated bio-behaviors of mouse lung telocytes.
TOPK promotes metastasis of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma by activating the Src/GSK3beta/STAT3 signaling pathway via gamma-catenin.
Modelling TERT regulation across 19 different cancer types based on the MIPRIP 2.0 gene regulatory network approach.
Amentoflavone ameliorates cold stress-induced inflammation in lung by suppression of C3/BCR/NF-kappaB pathways.
LMAP_S: Lightweight Multigene Alignment and Phylogeny eStimation.
ZDOG: zooming in on dominating genes with mutations in cancer pathways.
Curcumin Regulates the Progression of Colorectal Cancer via LncRNA NBR2/AMPK Pathway.
Neuroprotective Effects of Cornus officinalis on Stress-Induced Hippocampal Deficits in Rats and H2O2-Induced Neurotoxicity in SH-SY5Y Neuroblastoma Cells.
The Role of Cyclic AMP Signaling in Cardiac Fibrosis.
Receptor Tyrosine Kinases in Development: Insights from Drosophila.
QSAR Model of Indeno[1,2-b]indole Derivatives and Identification of N-isopentyl-2-methyl-4,9-dioxo-4,9-Dihydronaphtho[2,3-b]furan-3-carboxamide as a Potent CK2 Inhibitor.
IRE1-XBP1 Pathway of the Unfolded Protein Response Is Required during Early Differentiation of C2C12 Myoblasts.
Inhibition of Rho-Associated Kinase Suppresses Medulloblastoma Growth.
Betulin Inhibits Lung Metastasis by Inducing Cell Cycle Arrest, Autophagy, and Apoptosis of Metastatic Colorectal Cancer Cells.
[The genetic characteristics of BCR-ABL-negative myeloproliferative neoplasms].
Metabolic profiling of tyrosine kinase inhibitor nintedanib using metabolomics.
Optimal concentration of Rho-associated coiled-coil kinase (ROCK) inhibitor improved sperm membrane functionality and fertilizing ability of cryopreserved-thawed feline sperm.
Collaboration Between RSK-EphA2 and Gas6-Axl RTK Signaling in Arginine Starvation Response That Confers Resistance to EGFR Inhibitors.
Microcystin-LR promotes zebrafish (Danio rerio) oocyte (in vivo) maturation by activating ERK1/2-MPF signaling pathways, and cAMP is involved in this process.
Outcomes based on age in the phase III METEOR trial of cabozantinib versus everolimus in patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of substituted 2-(thiophen-2-yl)-1,3,5-triazine derivatives as potential dual PI3Kalpha/mTOR inhibitors.
Osimertinib for patients with leptomeningeal metastases associated with epidermal growth factor receptor T790M positive advanced NSCLC: the AURA LM analysis.
Exopolysaccharides of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens modulate glycemic level in mice and promote glucose uptake of cells through the activation of Akt.
2-(5-(4-Chlorophenyl)-1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4-methyl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-2-oxoacetamide (CDMPO) has anti-inflammatory properties in microglial cells and prevents neuronal and behavioral deficits in MPTP mouse model of Parkinson \' s disease.
Targeted inhibition of ULK1 enhances daunorubicin sensitivity in acute myeloid leukemia.
Beta2 -adrenergic agonist clenbuterol increases energy expenditure and fat oxidation, and induces mTOR phosphorylation in skeletal muscle of young healthy men.
A versatile modular vector set for optimizing protein expression among bacterial, yeast, insect and mammalian hosts.
Common alleles of CMT2 and NRPE1 are major determinants of CHH methylation variation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Imaging Features and Metastatic Patterns of Advanced ALK-Rearranged Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
T-cadherin inhibits invasion and migration of endometrial stromal cells in endometriosis.
A mouse model of endometriosis mimicking the natural spread of invasive endometrium.
Activin Type II Receptor Ligand Signaling Inhibition After Experimental Ischemic Heart Failure Attenuates Cardiac Remodeling and Prevents Fibrosis.
In Silico Design and Analysis of Kinase-focused Combinatorial Library Considering Diversity and Quality.
Circular RNA ACR relieves high glucose-aroused RSC96 cell apoptosis and autophagy via declining microRNA-145-3p.
Protective effect of cholecystokinin octapeptide on angiotensin II-induced apoptosis in H9c2 cardiomyoblast cells.
Circular RNA circMTO1 acts as an antitumor factor in rectal cancer cell lines by downregulation of miR-19b-3p.
Suppression of transforming growth factor-beta signaling enhances spermatogonial proliferation and spermatogenesis recovery following chemotherapy.
Cyanidioschyzon merolae aurora kinase phosphorylates evolutionarily conserved sites on its target to regulate mitochondrial division.
Flow-Cytometry Platform for Intracellular Detection of FVIII in Blood Cells: A New Tool to Assess Gene Therapy Efficiency for Hemophilia A.
Role of Metformin on Osteoblast Differentiation in Type 2 Diabetes.
Serum Autofluorescence and Biochemical Markers in Athlete \' s Response to Strength Effort in Normobaric Hypoxia: A Preliminary Study.
Identification of Key Genes and Prognostic Value Analysis in Hepatocellular Carcinoma by Integrated Bioinformatics Analysis.
Concurrent Radiosurgery and Systemic Therapies for Melanoma Brain Metastases: A Systematic Review.
Determination of Anlotinib, a Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor, in Rat Plasma by UHPLC-MS/MS and Its Application to a Pharmacokinetic Study.
Rhabdomyolysis in a Young Patient due to Hypothyroidism without Any Precipitating Factor.
Metabolism of Histone Deacetylase Proteins Opsonizes Tumor Cells to Checkpoint Inhibitory Immunotherapies.
Mangiferin Prevents TBHP-Induced Apoptosis and ECM Degradation in Mouse Osteoarthritic Chondrocytes via Restoring Autophagy and Ameliorates Murine Osteoarthritis.
Role of Resveratrol on Indoxyl Sulfate-Induced Endothelial Hyperpermeability via Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor (AHR)/Src-Dependent Pathway.
IKKbeta Inhibitor IMD-0354 Attenuates Radiation Damage in Whole-body X-Irradiated Mice.
Inhibitor 1 of Protein Phosphatase 1 Regulates Ca2+/Calmodulin-Dependent Protein Kinase II to Alleviate Oxidative Stress in Hypoxia-Reoxygenation Injury of Cardiomyocytes.
CGRP Reduces Apoptosis of DRG Cells Induced by High-Glucose Oxidative Stress Injury through PI3K/AKT Induction of Heme Oxygenase-1 and Nrf-2 Expression.
Inhibition of the leucine-rich repeat protein lingo-1 enhances RGC survival in optic nerve injury.
Umbilical cord blood troponin I, myoglobin and CK-MB in neonatal hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy and the clinical significance.
Urinary Metabolomics Study of the Intervention Effect of Hypoglycemic Decoction on Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Rats Model.
Palmitic Acid Methyl Ester Induces G2/M Arrest in Human Bone Marrow-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells via the p53/p21 Pathway.
Unusual Case of Localized Upper Limbs and Truncal Edema Associated with Fever, Anemia, and Acute Kidney Injury.
The CTLH Complex in Cancer Cell Plasticity.
Bretschneider (Custodiol ) and St. Thomas 2 Cardioplegia Solution in Mitral Valve Repair via Anterolateral Right Thoracotomy: A Propensity-Modelled Comparison.
Evaluation of oxidative stress responses in human circulating blood cells after imatinib mesylate treatment - Implications to its mechanism of action.
Thymoquinone (2-Isoprpyl-5-methyl-1, 4-benzoquinone) as a chemopreventive/anticancer agent: Chemistry and biological effects.
The double dealing of cyclin D1.
Binding of Avibirnavirus VP3 to the PIK3C3-PDPK1 complex inhibits autophagy by activating the AKT-MTOR pathway.
Stress responses in the chemistry and mRNA abundance of the peripheral blood in the American alligator.
R2-P2 rapid-robotic phosphoproteomics enables multidimensional cell signaling studies.
CEP41-mediated ciliary tubulin glutamylation drives angiogenesis through AURKA-dependent deciliation.
Idelalisib induces apoptosis in the lymphoid tissues and impairs lung function in mice.
TGFB-INHB/activin signaling regulates age-dependent autophagy and cardiac health through inhibition of MTORC2.
AMPK May Play an Important Role in the Retinal Metabolic Ecosystem.
GSK-3 Inhibitors: From the Brain to the Retina and Back Again.
Release of Retinal Extracellular Vesicles in a Model of Retinitis Pigmentosa.
MicroRNA-106a-3p Induces Apatinib Resistance and Activates Janus-Activated Kinase 2 (JAK2)/Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 3 (STAT3) by Targeting the SOCS System in Gastric Cancer.
Genome-wide global identification of NRF2 binding sites in A549 non-small cell lung cancer cells by ChIP-Seq reveals NRF2 regulation of genes involved in focal adhesion pathways.
Quinolizidine alkaloids derivatives from Sophora alopecuroides Linn: Bioactivities, structure-activity relationships and preliminary molecular mechanisms.
A rare PANK2 deletion in the first north African patient affected with pantothenate kinase associated neurodegeneration.
Evaluation of the Cunningham Panel  in pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorder associated with streptococcal infection (PANDAS) and pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome (PANS): Changes in antineuronal antibody titers parallel changes in patient symptoms.
Fish oil up-regulates hepatic autophagy in rats with chronic ethanol consumption.
Sulforaphane prevents chromium-induced lung injury in rats via activation of the Akt/GSK-3beta/Fyn pathway.
White Spot Syndrome Virus Establishes a Novel IE1/JNK/c-Jun Positive Feedback Loop to Drive Replication.
Timing in combination with radiotherapy and patterns of disease progression in non-small cell lung cancer treated with EGFR-TKI.
Toxic consequences and oxidative protein carbonylation from chloropicrin exposure in human corneal epithelial cells.
Effect of endoplasmic reticulum stress-mediated excessive autophagy on apoptosis and formation of kidney stones.
Crosstalks of GSK3 signaling with the mTOR network and effects on targeted therapy of cancer.
Roles of Id1/HIF-1 and CDK5/HIF-1 in cell cycle reentry induced by amyloid-beta peptide in post-mitotic cortical neuron.
The transition between active and inactive conformations of Abl kinase studied by rock climbing and Milestoning.
Phosphoproteomic analysis reveals Akt isoform-specific regulation of cytoskeleton proteins in human temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis.
Glsnf1-mediated metabolic rearrangement participates in coping with heat stress and influencing secondary metabolism in Ganoderma lucidum.
CDK7 Inhibition Potentiates Genome Instability Triggering Anti-tumor Immunity in Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Phosphoprotein Biosensors for Monitoring Pathological Protein Structural Changes.
Levan from Bacillus amyloliquefaciens JN4 acts as a prebiotic for enhancing the intestinal adhesion capacity of Lactobacillus reuteri JN101.
Icariin increases chondrocyte vitality by promoting hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha expression and anaerobic glycolysis.
Dopamine evokes a trace amine receptor-dependent inward current that is regulated by AMP kinase in substantia nigra dopamine neurons.
Hypothermia Inhibits the Expression of Receptor Interacting Protein Kinases 1 and 3 After Transient Spinal Cord Ischaemia in Rabbits.
The Arabidopsis Receptor Kinase IRK Is Polarized and Represses Specific Cell Divisions in Roots.
Bag-1 stimulates Bad phosphorylation through activation of Akt and Raf kinases to mediate cell survival in breast cancer.
Arctigenin promotes bone formation involving PI3K/Akt/PPARgamma signaling pathway.
A Phase 2 Study of Ibrutinib in Combination with Bortezomib and Dexamethasone in Patients with Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma.
Aberrant expansion of circulating CD4+ CXCR5+ CCR7lo PD1hi Tfh precursor cells in idiopathic inflammatory myopathy.
Oral Oncology Parity Laws, Medication Use, and Out-of-Pocket Spending for Patients with Blood Cancers.
Specific role of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor in elastin-derived VGVAPG peptide-dependent calcium homeostasis in mouse cortical astrocytes in vitro.
Mn-TAT PTD-Ngb attenuates oxidative injury by an enhanced ROS scavenging ability and the regulation of redox signaling pathway.
De novo Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Genes Differentially Expressed in the Scion of Homografted and Heterografted Tomato Seedlings.
Laminin alpha2, alpha4, and alpha5 Chains Positively Regulate Migration and Survival of Oligodendrocyte Precursor Cells.
Histone acetyltransferase and Polo-like kinase 3 inhibitors prevent rat galactose-induced cataract.
The mechanism of MYB transcriptional regulation by MLL-AF9 oncoprotein.
High MAST2 mRNA expression and its role in diagnosis and prognosis of liver cancer.
9-ING-41, a small molecule inhibitor of GSK-3beta, potentiates the effects of anticancer therapeutics in bladder cancer.
Blockade of ROCK inhibits migration of human primary keratinocytes and malignant epithelial skin cells by regulating actomyosin contractility.
Patient-Derived Cells to Guide Targeted Therapy for Advanced Lung Adenocarcinoma.
Down-regulation of long non-coding RNA HOTAIR sensitizes breast cancer to trastuzumab.
Up-regulated fibronectin in 3D culture facilitates spreading of triple negative breast cancer cells on 2D through integrin beta-5 and Src.
A universal stress protein in Mycobacterium smegmatis sequesters the cAMP-regulated lysine acyltransferase and is essential for biofilm formation.
Non-small Cell Lung Cancer as a Chronic Disease - A Prospective Study from the Czech TULUNG Registry.
Laryngeal Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Presenting as Laryngeal Stenosis.
Adverse Events of Concurrent Radiotherapy and ALK Inhibitors for Brain Metastases of ALK-Rearranged Lung Adenocarcinoma.
Transcriptomic Profiling of 3D Glioblastoma Tumoroids for the Identification of Mechanisms Involved in Anticancer Drug Resistance.
Non-thermal Plasma-activated Medium Induces Apoptosis of Aspc1 Cells Through the ROS-dependent Autophagy Pathway.
Deletion of Peroxiredoxin II Inhibits the Growth of Mouse Primary Mesenchymal Stem Cells Through Induction of the G0/G1 Cell-cycle Arrest and Activation of AKT/GSK3beta/beta-Catenin Signaling.
Hybrid histidine kinase activation by cyclic di-GMP-mediated domain liberation.
Changes in Expression of Follicular Glucose Transporters May Be Involved in Ovarian Function Impairment during Diabetic Hyperglycemia.
Midkine-a is required for cell cycle progression of Muller glia glia during neuronal regeneration in the vertebrate retina.
Inhibition of Haspin kinase promotes cell-intrinsic and extrinsic anti-tumor activity.
Targeting 7-Dehydrocholesterol Reductase Integrates Cholesterol Metabolism and IRF3 Activation to Eliminate Infection.
Letter to editor regarding "GLI1 overexpression promotes gastric cancer cell proliferation and migration and induces drug resistance by combining with the AKT-mTOR pathway".
[Familial adenomatous polyposis, desmoid tumors and Gardner syndrome].
Rho-associated protein kinase and cyclophilin a are involved in inorganic phosphate-induced calcification signaling in vascular smooth muscle cells.
Approaching the challenges of MKK3/p38delta MAPK targeting for therapeutic purpose in colorectal cancer.
Feedback Regulation of Syk by Protein Kinase C in Human Platelets.
Induction of G2/M Phase Arrest by Diosgenin via Activation of Chk1 Kinase and Cdc25C Regulatory Pathways to Promote Apoptosis in Human Breast Cancer Cells.
Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Pathway, the Unfolded Protein Response, Modulates Immune Function in the Tumor Microenvironment to Impact Tumor Progression and Therapeutic Response.
Cooperative Role of MAPK Pathways in the Interaction of Candida albicans with the Host Epithelium.
Promiscuity analysis of a kinase panel screen with designated p38 alpha inhibitors.
New activators of eIF2alpha Kinase Heme-Regulated Inhibitor (HRI) with improved biophysical properties.
Antitumor effect of baicalin from the Scutellaria baicalensis radix extract in B-acute lymphoblastic leukemia with different chromosomal rearrangements.
Glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta activity is essential for Polo-like kinase 2- and Leucine-rich repeat kinase 2-mediated regulation of alpha-synuclein.
Lyn regulates creatine uptake in an imatinib-resistant CML cell line.
Dynasore potentiates c-Met inhibitors against hepatocellular carcinoma through destabilizing c-Met.
p38 MAPK-DRP1 signaling is involved in mitochondrial dysfunction and cell death in mutant A53T alpha-synuclein model of Parkinson \' s disease.
Phase II study of bevacizumab, cisplatin, and pemetrexed in advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NS-NSCLC) with EGFR wild-type.
Mebendazole in simultaneous combination with dexamethasone-(C21-phosphoramidate)-[anti-EGFR] generated utilizing a novel synthesis regimen: dual anti-neoplastic cytotoxicity against pulmonary adenocarcinoma (A549).
Gilteritinib induces PUMA-dependent apoptotic cell death via AKT/GSK-3beta/NF-kappaB pathway in colorectal cancer cells.
Aurora A promotes chromosome congression by activating the condensin-dependent pool of KIF4A.
PDGFRA defines the mesenchymal stem cell Kaposi \' s sarcoma progenitors by enabling KSHV oncogenesis in an angiogenic environment.
FLT3L and granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor enhance the anti-tumor and immune effects of an HPV16 E6/E7 vaccine.
A phenolic amide (LyA) isolated from the fruits of Lycium barbarum protects against cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury via PKCepsilon/Nrf2/HO-1 pathway.
Genome-wide mRNA profiling identifies RCAN1 and GADD45A as regulators of the transitional switch from pro-survival to apoptosis during ER stress.
Development of the Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency Diary (PKDD) and Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency Impact Assessment (PKDIA): Disease-Specific Assessments.
Effects of Long-Term Exercise on Liver Cyst in Polycystic Liver Disease Model Rats.
MicroRNA-101-3p regulates gastric cancer cell proliferation, invasion and apoptosis by targeting PIM 1 expression.
Glucose restriction reverses the Warburg effect and modulates PKM2 and mTOR expression in breast cancer cell lines.
Haploidentical bone marrow transplantation in a patient with sickle cell disease and acute myeloid leukemia.
Inhibition of PFKFB3 suppresses osteoclastogenesis and prevents ovariectomy-induced bone loss.
The creatine kinase conundrum: a reappraisal of the association of isotretinoin, creatine kinase, and rhabdomyolysis.
[BRAF V600E Mutation and TERT Promoter Mutation in Papillary Thyroid Carcinomas and Their Association with Clinicopathological Characteristics].
[The Effects of PKCiota on Anti-tumor Activity of Cytokine-induced Killer Cells Against Pancreatic Cancer Cells and the Possible Underlying Mechanisms].
miR-574-3p inhibits proliferation and invasion in esophageal cancer by targeting FAM3C and MAPK1.
Avbeta3 single-stranded DNA aptamer attenuates vascular restenosis via Ras-PI3K/MAPK pathway in rats after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Zonisamide enhances neurite outgrowth from adult rat dorsal root ganglion neurons, but not proliferation or migration of Schwann cells.
Efficacy of anti-JAK inhibitors in ulcerative colitis.
[Janus kinase 3 facilitates the migration of breast cancer cells by store-operated calcium channel].
[Mechanism of the anthocyanin single component cyanidin-3-O-glucoside inhibiting proliferation and migration of B16-F10 cells].
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related to stress and chewing in saliva and salivary glands.
[A Patient Surviving More Than Five Years Due to the Effect of Sequential Alternating Chemotherapy Administered to Metachronous Overlapping Cancer of Multiple Myeloma and StageIV EGFR Positive Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer].
Membrane receptor activation mechanisms and transmembrane peptide tools to elucidate them.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of Proteolysis Targeting Chimeras (PROTACs) as a BTK degraders with improved pharmacokinetic properties.
Rapid Clinical and Radiologic Responses With Larotrectinib Treatment in a Patient With TRK-Fusion-Positive Metastatic Lung Cancer.
[High expression of VEGFR3 is positively associated with poor prognosis in lung adenocarcinoma].
[miR-129-1-3p reverses cisplatin resistance of HNE1/CDDP human nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells by targeting inhibition of WEE1 kinase].
[TP53BP2/ASPP2 inhibits autophagy of HepG2 cells by activating mTOR pathway in a p53-independent manner].
[Salidroside induces anti-tumor effect in dendritic cells via ERK pathway].
ROCK2 deprivation leads to the inhibition of tumor growth and metastatic potential in osteosarcoma cells through the modulation of YAP activity.
The potassium channel KCa3.1 represents a valid pharmacological target for microgliosis-induced neuronal impairment in a mouse model of Parkinson \' s disease.
A novel method for efficient generation of antigen-specific effector T-cells using dendritic cells transduced with recombinant adeno-associated virus and p38 kinase blockade.
Correction to: Exploration for novel inhibitors showing back-to-front approach against VEGFR-2 kinase domain (4AG8) employing molecular docking mechanism and molecular dynamics simulations.
Autophagic degradation of KAT2A/GCN5 promotes directional migration of vascular smooth muscle cells by reducing TUBA/alpha-tubulin acetylation.
Transcriptome Analysis Identifies Candidate Genes and Functional Pathways Controlling the Response of Two Contrasting Barley Varieties to Powdery Mildew Infection.
ERK Activation Modulates Cancer Stemness and Motility of a Novel Mouse Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma Cell Line.
On ATG4B as Drug Target for Treatment of Solid Tumours-The Knowns and the Unknowns.
Evolutionary Analysis of Calcium-Dependent Protein Kinase in Five Asteraceae Species.
Salmonella Breaks Tumor Immune Tolerance by Downregulating Tumor Programmed Death-Ligand 1 Expression.
(-)-O-Methylcubebin from Vitex trifolia Enhanced Adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 Cells via the Inhibition of ERK1/2 and p38MAPK Phosphorylation.
Ovatodiolide Suppresses Oral Cancer Malignancy by Down-Regulating Exosomal Mir-21/STAT3/beta-Catenin Cargo and Preventing Oncogenic Transformation of Normal Gingival Fibroblasts.
DCLK1 Monoclonal Antibody-Based CAR-T Cells as a Novel Treatment Strategy against Human Colorectal Cancers.
High Light Acclimation Induces Chloroplast Precursor Phosphorylation and Reduces Import Efficiency.
Curative Treatment of Candidiasis by the Live Biotherapeutic Microorganism Lactobacillus rhamnosus Lcr35  in the Invertebrate Model Caenorhabditis elegans: First Mechanistic Insights.
Comparative Proteomic Analysis Reveals the Regulatory Effects of H2S on Salt Tolerance of Mangrove Plant Kandelia obovata.
Characterization of Melanoma Cell Lines Resistant to Vemurafenib and Evaluation of Their Responsiveness to EGFR- and MET-Inhibitor Treatment.
Current Update of Laboratory Molecular Diagnostics Advancement in Management of Colorectal Cancer (CRC).
Identification and Functional Analysis of Tomato CIPK Gene Family.
Honokiol: A Review of Its Anticancer Potential and Mechanisms.
Characterization of Nme5-Like Gene/Protein from the Red Alga Chondrus Crispus.
Angiopoietin1 Deficiency in Hepatocytes Affects the Growth of Colorectal Cancer Liver Metastases (CRCLM).
[Platelet derived growth factor-BB regulates phenotype transformation of pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells via SIRT3 affecting glycolytic pathway].
LongShengZhi capsule inhibits doxorubicin-induced heart failure by anti-oxidative stress.
Flavone-based arylamides as potential anticancers: Design, synthesis and in vitro cell-based/cell-free evaluations.
Anti-inflammatory effects of a p38 MAP kinase inhibitor, doramapimod, against bacterial cell wall toxins in equine whole blood.
Bone Metastasis: Current State of Play.
Pyruvate Protects Against Intestinal Injury by Inhibiting the JAK/STAT Signaling Pathway in Rats With Hemorrhagic Shock.
Novel high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method for simultaneous quantification of BCR-ABL and Bruton \' s tyrosine kinase inhibitors and their three active metabolites in human plasma.
Silencing of Long Non-coding RNA RP1-93H18.6 Acts as a Tumor Suppressor in Cervical Cancer through the Blockade of the PI3K/Akt Axis.
Sonchus oleraceus Linn extract enhanced glucose homeostasis through the AMPK/Akt/ GSK-3beta signaling pathway in diabetic liver and HepG2 cell culture.
Fragment-based drug discovery using cryo-EM.
Membrane anchoring of Hck kinase via the intrinsically disordered SH4-U and lengthscale associated with subcellular localization.
Role of AMPK/SIRT1-SIRT3 signaling pathway in affective disorders in unpredictable chronic mild stress mice.
T-Type calcium channels as potential therapeutic targets in vemurafenib-resistant BRAFV600E melanoma: TTCCs are therapy target in BRAFV600E melanoma.
Activated clotting factor X mediates mitochondrial alterations and inflammatory responses via protease-activated receptor signaling in alveolar epithelial cells.
Not just another kinase mutation!
Prospective assessment of NGS-detectable mutations in CML patients with non-optimal response: the NEXT-in-CML study.
Resistance to ectromelia virus infection requires cGAS in bone marrow-derived cells which can be bypassed with cGAMP therapy.
Selection of valid reference genes for quantitative real-time PCR in Cotesia chilonis (Hymenoptera: Braconidae) exposed to different temperatures.
Evidence of Leptospiral Presence in the Cumberland Gap Region.
Inhibition of FLT1 ameliorates muscular dystrophy phenotype by increased vasculature in a mouse model of Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Synergistic factors control kinase-phosphatase organization in B cells engaged with supported bilayers.
Acalabrutinib monotherapy in patients with relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia: updated phase 2 results.
Association between vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 rs11941492 C/T polymorphism and Chinese Han patients in rheumatoid arthritis.
Bioinformatic analysis of the molecular mechanism underlying bronchial pulmonary dysplasia using a text mining approach.
Advanced intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma treated using anlotinib and microwave ablation: A case report.
Anaplastic lymphoma kinase-negative pulmonary inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor with multiple metastases and its treatment by Apatinib: A case report.
Selenium nanoparticles reduce glucose metabolism and promote apoptosis of glioma cells through reactive oxygen species-dependent manner.
Round Robin Evaluation of MET Protein Expression in Lung Adenocarcinomas Improves Interobserver Concordance.
Development of an in vitro screening assay for PIP5K1alpha lipid kinase and identification of potent inhibitors.
Inositol hexakisphosphate biosynthesis underpins PAMP-triggered immunity to Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato in Arabidopsis thaliana but is dispensable for establishment of systemic acquired resistance.
[Unsolved Puzzles of Qbeta Replicase].
Differential regulation of autophagy during metabolic stress in astrocytes and neurons.
Receptor protein tyrosine phosphatases control Purkinje neuron firing.
Arabidopsis ENHANCED DISEASE RESISTANCE1 Protein Kinase Regulates the Association of ENHANCED DISEASE SUSCEPTIBILITY1 and PHYTOALEXIN DEFICIENT4 to Inhibit Cell Death.
New developments in the field of mastocytosis and mast cell activation syndromes: a summary of the Annual Meeting of the European Competence Network on Mastocytosis (ECNM) 2019.
miR-126 suppresses neuronal apoptosis in rats after cardiopulmonary resuscitation via regulating p38MAPK.
KPT-9274, an inhibitor of PAK4 and NAMPT, leads to downregulation of mTORC2 in triple negative breast cancer cells.
A phase I study of sirolimus in combination with metronomic therapy (CHOAnome) in children with recurrent or refractory solid and brain tumors.
Polo-like kinase 4 correlates with greater tumor size, lymph node metastasis and confers poor survival in non-small cell lung cancer.
Short-chain fatty acids inhibit bovine rumen epithelial cells proliferation via upregulation of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors 1A, but not mediated by G protein-coupled receptor 41.
Retinoid X receptor alpha (RXRalpha)-mediated erythroid-2-related factor-2 (NRF2) inactivation contributes to N,N-dimethylformamide (DMF)-induced oxidative stress in HL-7702 and HuH6 cells.
Absence of VEGFR-1/Flt-1 signaling pathway in mice results in insensitivity to discogenic low back pain in an established disc injury mouse model.
Chamuangone from Garcinia cowa leaves inhibits cell proliferation and migration and induces cell apoptosis in human cervical cancer in vitro.
Functional interplay between the oxidative stress response and DNA damage checkpoint signaling for genome maintenance in aerobic organisms.
Effect of rifampin and itraconazole on the pharmacokinetics of zanubrutinib (a Bruton \' s tyrosine kinase inhibitor) in Asian and non-Asian healthy subjects.
BET inhibition by JQ1 produces divergent transcriptional regulation of SOCS genes in adipocytes.
[The role of GSK3beta in adipose tissue inflammation induced by bisphenol-A in high fat diet fed mice].
Molecular Dynamics Mechanisms of the Inhibitory Effects of Abemaciclib, Hymenialdisine, and Indirubin on CDK-6.
Lithium Pharmacology and a Potential Role of Lithium on Methamphetamine Abuse and Dependence.
A patient with severe rhabdomyolysis and high levels of creatinine kinase had renal functions fully recovered after haemodialysis: a case report.
RSK2: a promising therapeutic target for the treatment of triple-negative breast cancer.
Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors in Leukemia and Cardiovascular Events: From Mechanism to Patient Care.
Exercise Preconditioning Protects against Acute Cardiac Injury Induced by Lipopolysaccharide Through General Control Nonderepressible 2 Kinase.
Extract of Salvia przewalskii Maxim Repair Tissue Damage in Chronic Hypoxia maybe through the RhoA/ROCK Signalling Pathway.
Neuroprotective effects of limonene (+) against Abeta42-induced neurotoxicity in a Drosophila model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Pazopanib in the Treatment of Bone Sarcomas: Clinical Experience.
Muscle-Specific Lipid Hydrolysis Prolongs Lifespan through Global Lipidomic Remodeling.
TNFR2 Signaling Enhances ILC2 Survival, Function, and Induction of Airway Hyperreactivity.
Dectin-1 Binding to Annexins on Apoptotic Cells Induces Peripheral Immune Tolerance via NADPH Oxidase-2.
ATF4-Mediated Upregulation of REDD1 and Sestrin2 Suppresses mTORC1 Activity during Prolonged Leucine Deprivation.
Methyl lucidone induces apoptosis and G2/M phase arrest via the PI3K/Akt/NF-kappaB pathway in ovarian cancer cells.
[Role of protein kinase D1 in regulating the growth, apoptosis and drug sensitivity of oral squamous carcinoma cells].
[Protein kinase D1 regulates the growth and metabolism of oral squamous carcinoma cells in tumor microenvironment].
A Structurally-Validated Multiple Sequence Alignment of 497 Human Protein Kinase Domains.
Up-regulation of bone morphogenetic protein and its signaling molecules following castration of bulls and their association with intramuscular fat content in Korean cattle.
Targeting MAP3K19 prevents human lung myofibroblast activation both in vitro and in a humanized SCID model of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
An Integrated Preprocessing Approach for Exploring Single-Cell Gene Expression in Rare Cells.
Selective targeting of mRNA and following protein synthesis of CaMKIIalpha at the long-term potentiation-induced site.
Metabolic engineering of Ashbya gossypii for enhanced FAD production through promoter replacement of FMN1 gene.
[Lung Adenocarcinomas with Pulmonary Miliary Metastases: A Case Report and Literature Review].
Somatic PRKAR1A mutation in sporadic atrial myxoma with cerebral parenchymal metastases: a case report.
[Clinical research and drug review of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors in advanced non-small cell lung cancer].
[Effect of silencing FABP3 gene on LPS-induced apoptosis and endoplasmic reticulum stress in alveolar epithelial cells].
Berberine associated photodynamic therapy promotes autophagy and apoptosis via ROS generation in renal carcinoma cells.
PDZ-Binding Kinase-Dependent Transcriptional Regulation of CCNB2 Promotes Tumorigenesis and Radio-Resistance in Glioblastoma.
NMR-based investigation into protein phosphorylation.
Quercetin attenuates decrease of thioredoxin expression following focal cerebral ischemia and glutamate-induced neuronal cell damage.
Substrates, inhibitors, and probes of mammalian transglutaminase 2.
The roles of calcium-sensing receptor (CaSR) in heavy metals-induced nephrotoxicity.
MicroRNA-31/184 is involved in transforming growth factor-beta-induced apoptosis in A549 human alveolar adenocarcinoma cells.
Ganoderic acid DM induces autophagic apoptosis in non-small cell lung cancer cells by inhibiting the PI3K/Akt/mTOR activity.
Inhibition of medaka ovulation by gap junction blockers due to its disrupting effect on the transcriptional process of LH-induced Mmp15 expression.
Analysis of multidrug resistance in Streptococcus suis ATCC 700794 under tylosin stress.
Reconstitution of NK cells expressing KIR3DL1 is associated with reduced NK cell activity and relapse of CML after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
BSA-bounded p-cresyl sulfate potentiates the malignancy of bladder carcinoma by triggering cell migration and EMT through the ROS/Src/FAK signaling pathway.
Extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 regulates NAD metabolism during acute kidney injury through microRNA-34a-mediated NAMPT expression.
Myocardial protection in the arterial switch operation: Custodiol versus cold blood cardioplegia.
WDR76 mediates obesity and hepatic steatosis via HRas destabilization.
Long noncoding RNA AURKAPS1 potentiates malignant hepatocellular carcinoma progression by regulating miR-142, miR-155 and miR-182.
Mislocalized cytoplasimic p27 activates PAK1-mediated metastasis and is a prognostic factor in osteosarcoma.
Calcium relieves fluoride-induced bone damage through the PI3K/AKT pathway.
Subcellular drug targeting illuminates local kinase action.
Why the First Self-binding Peptide of Human c-Src Kinase Does Not Contain Class II Motif but Can Bind to Its Cognate Src Homology 3 Domain in Class II Mode?
[Overview on hypoglycemic active constituents of traditional Chinese medicine based on insulin receptor signaling pathway].
[Network pharmacology research on high frequency use of Tibetan medicine in treatment of HAPC based on data mining].
[Exploration of modern scientific connotation of Miao medicine Qizu Xueyu syndrome and intervention mechanism of Kangfuyan Capsules].
[Molecular mechanism of apoptosis of breast cancer SKBR-3 cells induced by cryptanshinone via G protein coupled estrogen receptor( GPER) mediated pathway].
Transformation of Receptor Tyrosine Kinases into Glutamate Receptors and Photoreceptors.
Periovulatory oviductal fluid decreases sperm PKA activity, tyrosine phosphorylation and in vitro fertilization in pig.
Antitumour immunity invoked by hepatic arterial infusion of first-line oxaliplatin predicts durable colorectal cancer control after liver metastasis ablation; 8-12 years of follow-up.
Hypoxia-induced PLOD2 regulates invasion and epithelial-mesenchymal transition in endometrial carcinoma cells.
The link between interleukin-1beta and acute myocardial infarction in chronic myeloid leukemia patients treated with nilotinib: cross-sectional study.
Discovery of a novel and highly selective CDK9 kinase inhibitor (JSH-009) with potent antitumor efficacy in preclinical acute myeloid leukemia models.
Cell shape determines gene expression: cardiomyocyte morphotypic transcriptomes.
Attempts to develop an enzyme converting DHIV to KIV.
Monocytic Maturation Induced by FLT3 Inhibitor Therapy of Acute Myeloid Leukemia: Morphologic and Immunophenotypic Characteristics.
Joint Location-Specific JAK-STAT Signaling in Rheumatoid Arthritis Fibroblast-like Synoviocytes.
Ovarian status dictates the neuroinflammatory and behavioral consequences of sub-chronic stress exposure in middle-aged female mice.
Long Noncoding RNA GATA3-AS1 Promotes Cell Proliferation and Metastasis in Hepatocellular Carcinoma by Suppression of PTEN, CDKN1A, and TP53.
Evaluation of the Association between Androgen Receptor and AURKA and Its Prognostic Value in Gastric Cancer.
NOX2-Dependent Reactive Oxygen Species Regulate Formyl-Peptide Receptor 1-Mediated TrkA Transactivation in SH-SY5Y Cells.
Prostaglandin E2 signal inhibits T regulatory cell differentiation during allergic rhinitis inflammation through EP4 receptor.
Calcium-activated chloride channel regulator 1 (CLCA1): More than a regulator of chloride transport and mucus production.
Rock Inhibitor Y-27632 Enables Feeder-Free, Unlimited Expansion of Sus scrofa domesticus Swine Airway Stem Cells to Facilitate Respiratory Research.
Immunological characterization of the American cockroach allergen Per a 9 expressed in baculovirus-infected insect cells.
Mapping the proximity interaction network of the Rho-family GTPases reveals signalling pathways and regulatory mechanisms.
Identification of Differentially Expressed Genes (DEGs) Relevant to Prognosis of Ovarian Cancer by Use of Integrated Bioinformatics Analysis and Validation by Immunohistochemistry Assay.
Relative Selectivity of Covalent Inhibitors Requires Assessment of Inactivation Kinetics and Cellular Occupancy: A Case Study of Ibrutinib and Acalabrutinib.
Structural determinants of Kv7.5 potassium channels that confer changes in phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2) affinity and signaling sensitivities in smooth muscle cells.
Gamma Visual Stimulation Induces a Neuroimmune Signaling Profile Distinct from Acute Neuroinflammation.
Targeting AXL and the DNA damage response pathway as a novel therapeutic strategy in melanoma.
The Two Sides of the Same Coin-Influenza Virus and Intracellular Signal Transduction.
Quantitative microscopy reveals dynamics and fate of clustered IRE1alpha.
The future of bronchodilation: looking for new classes of bronchodilators.
Regulation of Eosinophil Recruitment and Allergic Airway Inflammation by Tropomyosin Receptor Kinase A.
Cutaneous Eruptions from Ibrutinib Resembling EGFR Inhibitor-Induced Dermatologic Adverse Events.
Granuloma annulare skin profile shows activation of Th1, Th2, and JAK pathways.
Osthole induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma by suppressing the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
Molecular characterization and RNA interference analysis of the DEAD-box gene family in Locusta migratoria.
Periostin reverses high glucose-inhibited osteogenesis of periodontal ligament stem cells via AKT pathway.
Leveraging the nice face of Janus kinase inhibition - Ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis.
Antioxidant imbalance in the erythrocytes of Myotonic dystrophy Type 1 patients.
PKN1 controls the aggregation, spheroid formation, and viability of mouse embryonic fibroblasts in suspension culture.
Comparative phosphorylation map of Dishevelled 3 links phospho-signatures to biological outputs.
Root system traits impact early fire blight susceptibility in apple (Malus x domestica).
MicroRNA-16-5p aggravates myocardial infarction injury by targeting expression of insulin receptor substrates 1 and mediating myocardial apoptosis and angiogenesis.
Akt1-Mediated Phosphorylation of RBP-Jk Controls Notch1 Signaling.
Rapamycin Is Not Protective against Ischemic and Cisplatin-Induced Kidney Injury.
Molecular dynamics simulation and free energy calculation studies of the binding mechanism of allosteric inhibitors with TrkA kinase.
TLR2/EGFR are two Sensors for pBD3 and pEP2C induction by Sodium Butyrate independent on HDAC inhibition.
The Tumor Suppressor, p53, Negatively Regulates Non-Canonical NF-kappaB Signaling through miRNA-Induced Silencing of NF-kappaB-Inducing Kinase.
Anlotinib Combined with S-1 in the Third-Line Treatment of Stage IV Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Study Protocol for Phase II Clinical Trial.
JAK2 and Beyond: Mutational Study of JAK2V617 in Myeloproliferative Disorders and Haematological Malignancies in Kashmiri population.
Metformin Inhibit Cervical Cancer Migration by Suppressing the FAK/Akt Signaling Pathway.
Role of substrate-product frustration on enzyme functional dynamics.
cGMP signaling pathway in hepatic encephalopathy neuroinflammation and cognition.
Does Bone-targeted Therapy Benefit Patients with Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma?
Expression of Alpha-type Platelet-derived Growth Factor Receptor-influenced Genes Predicts Clinical Outcome in Glioma.
Small-Molecule Dual PLK1 and BRD4 Inhibitors are Active Against Preclinical Models of Pediatric Solid Tumors.
Single-domain antibodies for functional targeting of the signaling scaffold Shoc2.
CHAF1B induces radioresistance by promoting DNA damage repair in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Peptide Bond Cleavage by Ni(II) Ions within the Nuclear Localization Signal Sequence.
Annexin A6 improves anti-migratory and anti-invasive properties of tyrosine kinase inhibitors in EGFR overexpressing human squamous epithelial cells.
The emerging role of mediator complex subunit 12 in tumorigenesis and response to chemotherapeutics.
Innate immune priming in the absence of TAK1 drives RIPK1 kinase activity-independent pyroptosis, apoptosis, necroptosis, and inflammatory disease.
Ibrutinib, but not zanubrutinib, induces platelet receptor shedding of GPIb-IX-V complex and integrin alphaIIbbeta3 in mice and humans.
Managing chronic myeloid leukemia for treatment-free remission: a proposal from the GIMEMA CML WP.
Activation of endoplasmic reticulum stress mediates oxidative stress-induced apoptosis of granulosa cells in ovaries affected by endometrioma.
Cost effectiveness of therapeutic drug monitoring for imatinib administration in chronic myeloid leukemia.
A Multi-State Model of the CaMKII Dodecamer Suggests a Role for Calmodulin in Maintenance of Autophosphorylation.
Phosphatidylserine synthetase regulates cellular homeostasis through distinct metabolic mechanisms.
BLISTER-regulated vegetative growth is dependent on the protein kinase domain of ER stress modulator IRE1A in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The Role of Discoidin Domain Receptor 2 in Tooth Development.
RYK, a receptor of non-canonical Wnt ligand Wnt5a, is positively correlated with gastric cancer tumorigenesis and potential of liver metastasis.
Knockdown of GCN2 inhibits high glucose-induced oxidative stress and apoptosis in retinal pigment epithelial cells.
"The structure of human GCN2 reveals a parallel, back-to-back kinase dimer with a plastic DFG activation loop motif".
Centromere-localized Aurora B kinase is required for the fidelity of chromosome segregation.
Casein kinase 2 interacting protein 1 positively regulates caudal-related homeobox 1 in intestinal-type gastric cancer.
Dysautonomia as the Presenting Symptom in Anti-Muscle-Specific Kinase Antibody Myasthenia Gravis.
Sensing of nutrients by CPT1C regulates late endosome/lysosome anterograde transport and axon growth.
Proteomics of transforming growth factor beta1 (TGF beta1) signaling in 184A1 human breast epithelial cells suggests the involvement of casein kinase 2alpha in TGF beta1-dependent p53 phosphorylation at Ser392.
Phosphorylation of Dab2 is involved in inhibited VEGF-VEGFR-2 signaling induced by downregulation of Syndecan-1 in glomerular endothelial cell.
Upregulation of P21-activated kinase 1 in osteoarthritis chondrocytes is responsible for osteoarthritic cartilage destruction.
Metabolic modulation regulates cardiac wall morphogenesis in zebrafish.
As4S4 Exhibits Good Killing Effect on Multiple Myeloma Cells Via Repressing SOCS1 Methylation-Mediated JAK2/STAT3 Signaling Pathway.
High-Throughput Screening Assays for Cancer Immunotherapy Targets: Ectonucleotidases CD39 and CD73.
Large-Scale Biomolecular Conformational Transitions Explored by a Combined Elastic Network Model and Enhanced Sampling Molecular Dynamics.
Neuro-Cells therapy improves motor outcomes and suppresses inflammation during experimental syndrome of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in mice.
CrRLK1L receptor-like kinases HERK1 and ANJEA are female determinants of pollen tube reception.
Understanding the histogenesis of a HRAS-PIK3R1 co-driven metastatic metaplastic breast carcinoma associated with squamous metaplasia of lactiferous ducts.
Lithium chloride ameliorates cognition dysfunction induced by sevoflurane anesthesia in rats.
TMPRSS4 Drives Angiogenesis in Hepatocellular Carcinoma by Promoting HB-EGF Expression and Proteolytic Cleavage.
Inhibition of Calcineurin and Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3beta by Ricinoleic Acid Derived from Castor Oil.
7-methoxyflavanone alleviates neuroinflammation in lipopolysaccharide-stimulated microglial cells by inhibiting TLR4/MyD88/MAPK signalling and activating the Nrf2/NQO-1 pathway.
Clinical Pharmacokinetics of Upadacitinib: Review of Data Relevant to the Rheumatoid Arthritis Indication.
The STK16 inhibitor STK16-IN-1 inhibits non-adrenergic and non-neurogenic smooth muscle contractions in the human prostate and the human male detrusor.
Lysophosphatidic acid promotes survival of T lymphoma cells by altering apoptosis and glucose metabolism.
PKM2-dependent glycolysis promotes the proliferation and migration of vascular smooth muscle cells during atherosclerosis.
Synthesis and Characterization of a Click-Assembled 18-Atom Macrocycle That Displays Selective AXL Kinase Inhibitory Activity.
Bioconversion of Xylose to Ethylene Glycol and Glycolate in Engineered Corynebacterium glutamicum.
A Review of Papillary Renal Cell Carcinoma and MET Inhibitors.
Aberrant RON and MET Co-overexpression as Novel Prognostic Biomarkers of Shortened Patient Survival and Therapeutic Targets of Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors in Pancreatic Cancer.
Discovery of WS-157 as a highly potent, selective and orally active EGFR inhibitor.
Hypericin enhances beta-lactam antibiotics activity by inhibiting sarA expression in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
PEP06 polypeptide 30 is a novel cluster-dissociating agent inhibiting alpha v integrin/FAK/Src signaling in oral squamous cell carcinoma cells.
Hepatic metabolomics and transcriptomics to study susceptibility to ketosis in response to prepartal nutritional management.
CLEC2 and CLEC5A: Pathogenic Host Factors in Acute Viral Infections.
JAK Inhibitors and Oxidative Stress Control.
Novel TMEM173 Mutation and the Role of Disease Modifying Alleles.
Effects of Ramadan Fasting on Recovery Following a Simulated Soccer Match in Professional Soccer Players: A Pilot Study.
Fibroblast Growth Factor-1 Improves Insulin Resistance via Repression of JNK-Mediated Inflammation.
PTEN Inhibition Protects Against Experimental Intracerebral Hemorrhage-Induced Brain Injury Through PTEN/E2F1/beta-Catenin Pathway.
Phase I study of ibrutinib in Japanese patients with treatment-naive chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma.
Vitamin D3 potentiates the renoprotective effects of vildagliptin in a rat model of fructose/salt-induced insulin resistance.
Hydroxytyrosol Inhibits LPS-Induced Neuroinflammatory Responses via Suppression of TLR-4-Mediated NF-kappaB P65 Activation and ERK Signaling Pathway.
Variation in the rates of evolution of the insulin and glucagon hormone and receptor genes in rodents.
Plectin stabilizes microtubules during osteoclastic bone resorption by acting as a scaffold for Src and Pyk2.
CDK9 inhibitors reactivate p53 by downregulating iASPP.
Natural products targeting the PI3K-Akt-mTOR signaling pathway in cancer: A novel therapeutic strategy.
WEE1 inhibitor, AZD1775, overcomes trastuzumab resistance by targeting cancer stem-like properties in HER2-positive breast cancer.
Dietary supplementation of guanidinoacetic acid improves growth, biochemical parameters, antioxidant capacity and cytokine responses in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus).
Identification and characterization of circular RNA in lactating mammary glands from two breeds of sheep with different milk production profiles using RNA-Seq.
The interplay of signaling pathway in endothelial cells-Matrix stiffness dependency with targeted-therapeutic drugs.
LPA receptor1 antagonists as anticancer agents suppress human lung tumours.
Strategies for Engineering and Rewiring Kinase Regulation.
DACT2 modulated by TFAP2A-mediated allelic transcription promotes EGFR-TKIs efficiency in advanced lung adenocarcinoma.
Bruton tyrosine-kinase inhibitor on the rise: acalabrutinib in Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia.
Acalabrutinib monotherapy in patients with Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia: a single-arm, multicentre, phase 2 study.
Synthesis and biological activity of thieno[3,2-d]pyrimidines as potent JAK3 inhibitors for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Intermittent fasting benefits on alpha- and beta-cell arrangement in diet-induced obese mice pancreatic islet.
Chronic Microangiopathy Due to DCR-MYC, a Myc-Targeted Short Interfering RNA.
Cardiovascular Risk Assessment for Noncardiac Surgery: Are We Ready for Biomarkers?
Localized Intercellular Transfer of Ephrin-As by Trans-endocytosis Enables Long-Term Signaling.
Plasma Membrane Domain Patterning and Self-Reinforcing Polarity in Arabidopsis.
Sonic Hedgehog, a Novel Endogenous Damage Signal, Activates Multiple Beneficial Functions of Human Endometrial Stem Cells.
Organic Nanoparticles as Drug Delivery Systems and Their Potential Role in the Treatment of Chronic Myeloid Leukemia.
Podocytes maintain high basal levels of autophagy independent of mtor signaling.
JAK inhibition in the treatment of alopecia areata - a promising new dawn?
L-(+)-Ergothioneine Significantly Improves the Clinical Characteristics of Preeclampsia in the Reduced Uterine Perfusion Pressure Rat Model.
Disruption of Pressure-Induced Ca2+ Spark Vasoregulation of Resistance Arteries, Rather Than Endothelial Dysfunction, Underlies Obesity-Related Hypertension.
Apatinib treatment for symptomatic pseudoprogression after standard treatment for glioblastoma multiforme: a case report.
Intra-amygdala infusion of zeta inhibitory peptide attenuates neuropathic pain but not inflammatory pain in adult rats.
Resveratrol increase myocardial Nrf2 expression in type 2 diabetic rats and alleviate myocardial ischemia/reperfusion injury (MIRI).
Clinical efficacy analysis of Osimertinib treatment for a patient with leptomeningeal metastasis of EGFR+ non-small cell lung cancer without the T790M mutation.
