Safety and Tolerability of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation During Pregnancy: A Case Report and Literature Review.
The Clinical Utility of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Determining Hemispheric Dominance for Language: A Magnetoencephalography Comparison Study.
Development and Reporting of Prediction Models: Guidance for Authors From Editors of Respiratory, Sleep, and Critical Care Journals.
Sense of coherence and its relationship to participation, cancer-related fatigue, symptom burden, and quality of life in women with breast cancer participating in the OptiTrain exercise trial.
Attenuation of Acute Intracerebral Hemorrhage-Induced Microglial Activation and Neuronal Death Mediated by the Blockade of Metabotropic Glutamate Receptor 5 In Vivo.
Effects of Superior Laryngeal Nerve Lesion on Kinematics of Swallowing and Airway Protection in an Infant Pig Model.
Axonal variants of Guillain-Barre syndrome: an update.
Is cannabidiol a drug acting on unconventional targets to control drug-resistant epilepsy?
The evolution of the concepts of seizures and epilepsy: What \' s in a name?
GATA4 Is Required for Budding Morphogenesis of Posterior Foregut Endoderm in a Model of Human Stomach Development.
L1CAM Is a Marker for Enriching Corticospinal Motor Neurons in the Developing Brain.
Corrigendum: Autonomic Nervous System Correlates of Speech Categorization Revealed Through Pupillometry.
Shared transcriptional responses to con- and heterospecific behavioral antagonists in a wild songbird.
Integration of swimming-related synaptic excitation and inhibition by olig2+ eurydendroid neurons in larval zebrafish cerebellum.
Replay of cortical spiking sequences during human memory retrieval.
A neurodevelopmental origin of behavioral individuality in the Drosophila visual system.
An atlas of the protein-coding genes in the human, pig, and mouse brain.
Maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy and asthma in the offspring: follow-up of a randomised trial in Finland.
The MemClin project: a prospective multi memory clinics study targeting early stages of cognitive impairment.
Role of the TRPC1 Channel in Hippocampal Long-Term Depression and in Spatial Memory Extinction.
Integrating somatosensory information over time.
Upregulation of Myeloid Zinc Finger 1 in DRG via Regulating MMP-2/9 and Kv 1.2 Expression Contributes to CFA-induced Inflammatory Pain.
Pathogenic DDX3X Mutations Impair RNA Metabolism and Neurogenesis during Fetal Cortical Development.
Pregnancy outcomes according to the definition of gestational diabetes.
Colchicine for Stroke Prevention in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Human Cytomegalovirus Infection in Women With Preexisting Immunity: Sources of Infection and Mechanisms of Infection in the Presence of Antiviral Immunity.
Neurological Impairments in Mice Subjected to Irradiation and Chemotherapy.
Medial prefrontal lesions impair performance in an operant delayed nonmatch to sample working memory task.
Critical Roles of Deubiquitinating Enzymes in the Nervous System and Neurodegenerative Disorders.
Primary age-related tauopathy in a Chinese cohort.
Comparing strategies for deep astigmatism-based single-molecule localization microscopy.
Brain Resting-State Network Alterations Associated With Crohn \' s Disease.
Metabolic, Molecular, and Behavioral Effects of Western Diet in Serotonin Transporter-Deficient Mice: Rescue by Heterozygosity?
Olfactory receptor and circuit evolution promote host specialization.
Targeting the cholinergic system in Parkinson \' s disease.
Basic Limonoid modulates Chaperone-mediated Proteostasis and dissolve Tau fibrils.
Non-surgical mouse model of endometriosis-associated pain that responds to clinically active drugs.
Practice Makes Transfer Imperfect: Evidence From Auditory Learning.
Dopamine transporter trafficking and Rit2 GTPase: Mechanism of action and in vivo impact.
Circulating Biomarker Score for Visceral Fat and Risks of Incident Colorectal and Postmenopausal Breast Cancer: The Multiethnic Cohort Adiposity Phenotype Study.
Influence of Regular Physical Activity on Mitochondrial Activity and Symptoms of Burnout-An Interventional Pilot Study.
Omphalocele in Finland from 1993 to 2014: Trends, Prevalence, Mortality, and Associated Malformations-A Population-Based Study.
Emergent Elements of Inspiratory Rhythmogenesis: Network Synchronization and Synchrony Propagation.
Disease or function? What matters most for self-rated health in older people depends on age.
The Swedish Version of the Electronic Health Literacy Scale: Prospective Psychometric Evaluation Study Including Thresholds Levels.
Functional dedifferentiation of the brain during healthy aging.
Neurophysiological signatures of motor impairment in patients with Rett syndrome.
All bursts are equal, but some are more equal (to burst firing): burstDR stimulation versus Boston burst stimulation.
The duration of gestation at previous induced abortion and its impacts on subsequent births: A nationwide registry-based study.
Stitching the synapse: Cross-linking mass spectrometry into resolving synaptic protein interactions.
Protein expression changes of HCN1 and HCN2 in hippocampal subregions of gerbils during the normal aging process.
Joint international consensus statement for ending stigma of obesity.
Author Correction: Dynamics of social representation in the mouse prefrontal cortex.
Retinal ganglion cell loss in kinesin-1 cargo Alcadein alpha deficient mice.
Exercise, redox homeostasis and the epigenetic landscape.
Framework for advancing rigorous research.
Tsukushi is essential for the development of the inner ear.
Resting-state brain activity predicts selective attention deficits during hyperthermia exposure.
Educational attainment polygenic scores are associated with cortical total surface area and regions important for language and memory.
A Highly Efficient Method for Single-Cell Electroporation in Mouse Organotypic Hippocampal Slice Culture.
Early life neuroimmune challenge protects the brain after sepsis in adult rats.
Type II Alexander disease caused by splicing errors and aberrant overexpression of an uncharacterized GFAP isoform.
Optimized criteria for locomotion-based healthspan evaluation in C. elegans using the WorMotel system.
Pituitary surgery \' s epidemiology using a national inpatient database in Japan.
Alzheimer \' s disease: A need for personalized therapeutic approaches.
Characterization of a new positive allosteric modulator of AMPA receptors - PAM-43: specific binding of the ligand and its ability to potentiate AMPAR currents.
Hyperfunction of the stress response system and novelty-induced hyperactivity correlate with enhanced cocaine-induced conditioned place preference in NCAM-deficient mice.
Study of the effects of adapted Tango and multidimensional intervention in pREvention of dementia in agiNG: developing healTHy lifestyle programs (STRENGTH Project)-the experimental protocol of a prospective randomised controlled trial.
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in the pathophysiology of vasospasms and delayed cerebral ischemia following subarachnoid hemorrhage: a critical review.
Vascular response to social cognitive performance measured by infrared thermography: A translational study from mouse to man.
Delivery of phosphatidylethanolamine blunts stress in hepatoma cells exposed to elevated palmitate by targeting the endoplasmic reticulum.
A virtual reality system to analyze neural activity and behavior in adult zebrafish.
Dysfunction of cortical GABAergic neurons leads to sensory hyper-reactivity in a Shank3 mouse model of ASD.
fMRI Revealed Reduced Amygdala Activation after Nx4 in Mildly to Moderately Stressed Healthy Volunteers in a Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Cross-Over Trial.
Post-translational protein modifications in schizophrenia.
Nf1 deletion results in depletion of the Lhx6 transcription factor and a specific loss of parvalbumin+ cortical interneurons.
Context-dependent operation of neural circuits underlies a navigation behavior in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Virtual screening of antitumour phytochemical against peroxisome proliferators activated receptor proteins PPARs.
Corrigendum to "Evidence-based guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS): An update (2014-2018)" [Clin. Neurophysiol. 131 (2020) 474-528].
Health economic evaluation of implantable cardioverter defibrillators in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in adults.
Concordance Between Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Derived Localization of Language in a Clinical Cohort.
JNK/p66Shc/ITCH Signaling Pathway Mediates Angiotensin II-induced Ferritin Degradation and Labile Iron Pool Increase.
Clozapine Prevents Poly (I:C) Induced Inflammation by Modulating NLRP3 Pathway in Microglial Cells.
Extracellular Vesicles from Hyperammonemic Rats Induce Neuroinflammation and Motor Incoordination in Control Rats.
Motor Neuron Generation from iPSCs from Identical Twins Discordant for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Differential Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Proteomic Profiles of Suicide Victims with Mood Disorders.
Polymer/enzyme-modified HF-etched carbon nanoelectrodes for single-cell analysis.
Positive airway pressure adherence in pediatric obstructive sleep apnea: A systematic scoping review.
Characterization and preclinical evaluation of the cGMP grade DNA based vaccine, AV-1959D to enter the first-in-human clinical trials.
Mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum and innate immune dysfunction in mood disorders: Do mitochondria-associated membranes (MAMs) play a role?
A Systematic Review of The Potential Use of Neurofeedback in Patients with Schizophrenia.
Acute Kidney Injury in Pregnancies Complicated With Preeclampsia or HELLP Syndrome.
Early Neonatal Pain-A Review of Clinical and Experimental Implications on Painful Conditions Later in Life.
Neonatal Alcohol Exposure in Mice Induces Select Differentiation- and Apoptosis-Related Chromatin Changes Both Independent of and Dependent on Sex.
Autoantibody Specificities in Myasthenia Gravis; Implications for Improved Diagnostics and Therapeutics.
An Adaptation of Pavlovian-to-Instrumental Transfer (PIT) Methodology to Examine the Energizing Effects of Reward-Predicting Cues on Behavior in Young Adults.
Stochastic and Arbitrarily Generated Input Patterns to the Mushroom Bodies Can Serve as Conditioned Stimuli in Drosophila.
Lignans: Quantitative Analysis of the Research Literature.
Ethnopharmacological Applications Targeting Alcohol Abuse: Overview and Outlook.
The Density of Perineuronal Nets Increases With Age in the Inferior Colliculus in the Fischer Brown Norway Rat.
Early Effects of Abeta Oligomers on Dendritic Spine Dynamics and Arborization in Hippocampal Neurons.
Cross-Talk of Low-Level Sensory and High-Level Cognitive Processing: Development, Mechanisms, and Relevance for Cross-Modal Abilities of the Brain.
Extremely Low Frequency Magnetic Fields Do Not Affect LTP-Like Plasticity in Healthy Humans.
Comparing ABA, AAB, and ABC Renewal of Appetitive Pavlovian Conditioned Responding in Alcohol- and Sucrose-Trained Male Rats.
Effects of Limited and Extended Pavlovian Training on Devaluation Sensitivity of Sign- and Goal-Tracking Rats.
Transcutaneous Electrical Spinal Cord Neuromodulator (TESCoN) Improves Symptoms of Overactive Bladder.
Acute Ablation of Cortical Pericytes Leads to Rapid Neurovascular Uncoupling.
Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Induces Dynamic Immune Cell Reactions in the Choroid Plexus.
A Reappraisal of GAT-1 Localization in Neocortex.
GABAA Receptor beta2E155 Residue Located at the Agonist-Binding Site Is Involved in the Receptor Gating.
Modulation of Hippocampal Gamma Oscillations by Dopamine in Heterozygous Reeler Mice in vitro.
Editorial: Neuromodulatory Control of Brainstem Function in Health and Disease.
Cortical and Striatal Circuits in Huntington \' s Disease.
Cynomolgus Monkeys With Spontaneous Type-2-Diabetes-Mellitus-Like Pathology Develop Alpha-Synuclein Alterations Reminiscent of Prodromal Parkinson \' s Disease and Related Diseases.
Editorial: Nanotechnologies in Neuroscience and Neuroengineering.
Development of a Larval Zebrafish Infection Model for Clostridioides difficile.
High fructose diet-induced obesity worsens post-ischemic brain injury in the hippocampus of female rats.
Alzheimer \' s disease: phenotypic approaches using disease models and the targeting of tau protein.
CX3CR1 contributes to streptozotocin-induced mechanical allodynia in the mouse spinal cord.
Spinal P2X7R contributes to streptozotocin-induced mechanical allodynia in mice.
Modification of pore-wall in direct ink writing wollastonite scaffolds favorable for tuning biodegradation and mechanical stability and enhancing osteogenic capability.
The Tissue Clock Network: Driver and Gatekeeper of Circadian Physiology: Circadian rhythms are integrated outputs of central and peripheral tissue clocks interacting in a complex manner - from drivers to gatekeepers.
Unpredictable maternal behavior is associated with a blunted infant cortisol response.
In silico analyses suggest the cardiac ganglion of the lobster, Homarus americanus, contains a diverse array of putative innexin/innexin-like proteins, including both known and novel members of this protein family.
A Multicenter Study of Multimorbidity in Older Adult Inpatients in China.
[Brain and Neuronal Aging: Aged Brain Controls via Gene Expression Fidelity and Master Regulatory Factors].
The Resilient Emotional Brain: A Scoping Review of the Medial Prefrontal Cortex and Limbic Structure and Function in Resilient Adults With a History of Childhood Maltreatment.
Prognosis and Reclassification by YKL-40 in Stable Coronary Artery Disease.
Sexually dimorphic dynamics of thyroid axis activity during fasting in rats.
CADASIL as Multiple Sclerosis Mimic: A 48-year-old man with severe leukoencephalopathy and spinal cord involvement.
Double triggers, nasal induction of a Parkinson \' s disease mouse model.
Elevated PSD-95 blocks ion-flux independent LTD: a potential new role for PSD-95 in synaptic plasticity.
The temporal effect of hippocampal Arc in the working memory paradigm during novelty exploration.
Serotonin (5-HT) neuron-specific inactivation of Cadherin-13 impacts 5-HT system formation and cognitive function.
Using superior colliculus principles of multisensory integration to reverse hemianopia.
Duration of Care Trajectories in Persons With Dementia Differs According to Demographic and Clinical Characteristics.
Conditional GSK3beta deletion in parvalbumin-expressing interneurons potentiates excitatory synaptic function and learning in adult mice.
Receptor-ligand based molecular interaction to discover adjuvant for immune cell TLRs to develop next-generation vaccine.
CD200 maintains the region-specific phenotype of microglia in the midbrain and its role in Parkinson \' s disease.
Necrostatin-1 prevents the proapoptotic protein Bcl-2/adenovirus E1B 19-kDa interacting protein 3 from integration into mitochondria.
TMEM100 is a key factor for specification of lymphatic endothelial progenitors.
Swallow Safety in Infant Pigs With and Without Recurrent Laryngeal Nerve Lesion.
Expanding the AtLAS of non-coding RNA functions in the brain.
Author Correction: Altered kynurenine pathway metabolites in a mouse model of human attention-deficit hyperactivity/autism spectrum disorders: A potential new biological diagnostic marker.
Falls in older aged adults in 22 European countries: incidence, mortality and burden of disease from 1990 to 2017.
Acetylcholine modulates cerebellar granule cell spiking by regulating the balance of synaptic excitation and inhibition.
Child Neurology: Ethylmalonic encephalopathy.
Psilocybin Induces Time-Dependent Changes in Global Functional Connectivity.
Frontocingulate Dysfunction Is Associated with Depression and Decreased Serum PON1 in Methamphetamine-Dependent Patients.
Structural brain networks in remitted psychotic depression.
Amygdala response to emotional faces in adolescents with persistent post-concussion symptoms.
Osteopontin exacerbates the progression of experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis by affecting the differentiation of T cell subsets.
Curcumin treatment attenuates alcohol-induced alterations in a mouse model of foetal alcohol spectrum disorders.
Time trends in placenta-mediated pregnancy complications after assisted reproductive technology in the Nordic countries.
Distinct Developmental Mechanisms Act Independently to Shape Biased Synaptic Divergence from an Inhibitory Neuron.
Aberrant Development Corrected in Adult-Onset Huntington \' s Disease iPSC-Derived Neuronal Cultures via WNT Signaling Modulation.
Activity-Dependent Plasticity of Axo-axonic Synapses at the Axon Initial Segment.
A pilot study assessing reliability and age-related differences in corticomuscular and intramuscular coherence in ankle dorsiflexors during walking.
Endogenous Opioids at the Intersection of Opioid Addiction, Pain, and Depression: The Search for a Precision Medicine Approach.
Proteomics of Select Neglected Tropical Diseases.
Capillary Microscopy in Europeans with Idiopathic Moyamoya Angiopathy.
Neurosensory Screening and Symptom Provocation in Pediatric Mild Traumatic Brain Injury.
Brain Volume in Veterans: Relationship to Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Mild Traumatic Brain Injury.
Interocular symmetry of foveal cone topography in congenital achromatopsia.
Integrating the basic sciences in medical curricula: focus on the basic scientists.
Comparison of SynCAM1/CADM1 PDZ interactions with MUPP1 using mammalian and bacterial pull-down systems.
Dynamic Changes in the Neurogenic Potential in the Ventricular-Subventricular Zone of Common Marmoset during Postnatal Brain Development.
Prior endogenous and exogenous estrogen and incident dementia in the 10th decade of life: The 90+ Study.
Comparison of GABA, somatostatin, and corticotrophin releasing hormone expression in axon terminals that target the parabrachial nucleus.
Melatonin receptor agonist ramelteon attenuates mouse acute and chronic ischemic brain injury.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging Abnormalities in the Uncinate Fasciculus and Inferior Longitudinal Fasciculus in Phelan-McDermid Syndrome.
The role of glutamate and GABA in cognitive dysfunction in schizophrenia and mood disorders - A systematic review of magnetic resonance spectroscopy studies.
Taste coding strategies in insular cortex.
Organization of primate amygdalar-thalamic pathways for emotions.
Low Incidence of High-Grade Pancreatic Intraepithelial Neoplasia Lesions in a Crmp4 Gene-Deficient Mouse Model of Pancreatic Cancer.
The contractile properties of motor units in the rat flexor digitorum brevis muscle have continuous distribution.
Pathogenic Abeta generation in familial Alzheimer \' s disease: novel mechanistic insights and therapeutic implications.
The Cell Biology of the Retinal Pigment Epithelium.
Urinary bladder sigma-1 receptors: A new target for cystitis treatment.
Electrocorticography reveals spatiotemporal neuronal activation patterns of verbal fluency in patients with epilepsy.
Repeat intravital imaging of the murine spinal cord reveals degenerative and reparative responses of spinal axons in real-time following a contusive SCI.
Cobalt-based metal complexes prevent Repeat Tau aggregation and nontoxic to neuronal cells.
Metformin Reduces the Senescence of Renal Tubular Epithelial Cells in Diabetic Nephropathy via the MBNL1/miR-130a-3p/STAT3 Pathway.
Electroacupuncture Alleviates Pain-Related Emotion by Upregulating the Expression of NPS and Its Receptor NPSR in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Hypothalamus.
Lessons learned on my journey to a career as a minority woman in Neuroscience.
The distribution, number and certain neurochemical identities of infracortical white matter neurons in the brains of three megachiropteran bat species.
Effects of maternal smoking on body size and proportions at birth: a register-based cohort study of 1.4 million births.
Disrupted prefrontal regulation of striatum-related craving in Internet gaming disorder revealed by dynamic causal modeling: results from a cue-reactivity task.
The necessity for standardization of glioma stem cell culture: a systematic review.
Distribution of functional opioid receptors in human dorsal root ganglion neurons.
Effects of naltrexone on alcohol, sucrose, and saccharin binge-like drinking in C57BL/6J mice: a study with a multiple bottle choice procedure.
Group II metabotropic glutamate receptor agonist promotes retinal ganglion cell survival by reducing neuronal excitotoxicity in a rat chronic ocular hypertension model.
Glia Promote Synaptogenesis through an IQGAP PES-7 in C. elegans.
Phase-Specific Microstimulation Differentially Modulates Beta Oscillations and Affects Behavior.
Asymmetry Between Pre- and Postsynaptic Transient Nanodomains Shapes Neuronal Communication.
Neuropod Cells: Emerging Biology of the Gut-Brain Sensory Transduction.
Transsynaptic tracing and its emerging use to assess graft-reconstructed neural circuits.
Theranostic nanoparticles enabling the release of phosphorylated gemcitabine for advanced pancreatic cancer therapy.
Adverse life events and late-life cognitive decline in a Chinese cohort: the Shanghai Aging Study.
Transcranial Sonography Imaging of Brainstem Raphe, Substantia Nigra and Cerebral Ventricles In Patients With Geriatric Depression.
Pregnancy outcomes in interferon-beta-exposed patients with multiple sclerosis: results from the European Interferon-beta Pregnancy Registry.
Alternative to General Anesthesia for a Stat Cesarean Delivery in a Patient with a Large Arteriovenous Malformation Involving the Cervicomedullary Junction in Active Labor.
Drug Use and Type of Adverse Drug Events-Identified by a Trigger Tool in Different Units in a Swedish Pediatric Hospital.
Publisher Correction: mTORC1 and mTORC2 Differentially Regulate Cell Fate Programs to Coordinate Osteoblastic Differentiation in Mesenchymal Stromal Cells.
Gender-specific changes in energy metabolism and protein degradation as major pathways affected in livers of mice treated with ibuprofen.
Author Correction: Increasing neurogenesis refines hippocampal activity rejuvenating navigational learning strategies and contextual memory throughout life.
Publisher Correction: An expression atlas of variant ionotropic glutamate receptors identifies a molecular basis of carbonation sensing.
MFG-E8 alleviates oxygen-glucose deprivation-induced neuronal cell apoptosis by STAT3 regulating the selective polarization of microglia.
A centipede toxin causes rapid desensitization of nociceptor TRPV1 ion channel.
Tuba8 Drives Differentiation of Cortical Radial Glia into Apical Intermediate Progenitors by Tuning Modifications of Tubulin C Termini.
Neurobiology: Swimming at the Intersection of Light and Gravity.
Insect Neurobiology: Divergent Neural Computations in Predatory Insects.
Pure Apraxia of Speech After Resection Based in the Posterior Middle Frontal Gyrus.
Evaluation of inferential methods for the net benefit and win ratio statistics.
Sequelae of Blast Events in Iraq and Afghanistan War Veterans using the Salisbury Blast Interview: A CENC Study.
Anxiolytic Effect of Increased NREM Sleep after Acute Social Defeat Stress in Mice.
Whole-Brain Monosynaptic Inputs to Hypoglossal Motor Neurons in Mice.
Liquid-Liquid Phase Separation of Tau Protein in Neurobiology and Pathology.
Associations Between APOE Variants, Tau and alpha-Synuclein.
A novelty-retrieval-extinction paradigm leads to persistent attenuation of remote fear memories.
Meningeal lymphatic vessels regulate brain tumor drainage and immunity.
Functional omics analyses reveal only minor effects of microRNAs on human somatic stem cell differentiation.
Publisher Correction: Creative exploration as a scale-invariant search on a meaning landscape.
RADICL-seq identifies general and cell type-specific principles of genome-wide RNA-chromatin interactions.
Discovery of suppressors of CRMP2 phosphorylation reveals compounds that mimic the behavioral effects of lithium on amphetamine-induced hyperlocomotion.
A cnidarian parasite of salmon (Myxozoa: Henneguya) lacks a mitochondrial genome.
RNF220/ZC4H2-mediated monoubiquitination of Phox2 is required for noradrenergic neuron development.
A native prokaryotic voltage-dependent calcium channel with a novel selectivity filter sequence.
Brain structure and symptom dimensions in borderline personality disorder.
Nutritional ketosis as an intervention to relieve astrogliosis: Possible therapeutic applications in the treatment of neurodegenerative and neuroprogressive disorders.
(+)-Limonene 1,2-Epoxide-Loaded SLNs: Evaluation of Drug Release, Antioxidant Activity, and Cytotoxicity in an HaCaT Cell Line.
Down-regulation of MBNL1-AS1 contributes to tumorigenesis of NSCLC via sponging miR-135a-5p.
Establishment of an organ culture system to induce Sertoli cell differentiation from undifferentiated mouse gonads.
Platelet glutamate uptake and Th1 cells inversely correlate in relapsing/remitting and in progressive multiple sclerosis.
Synaptic Correlates of Anterograde Amnesia and Intact Retrograde Memory in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Genetic variants and oxidative stress in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Neuroadhesive protein coating improves the chronic performance of neuroelectronics in mouse brain.
The basal ganglia: A central hub for the psychomotor effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
Mind and body exercises (MBE), prescribed antidepressant medication, physical exercise and depressive symptoms - a longitudinal study.
Long-term dietary flavonoid intake and change in cognitive function in the Framingham Offspring cohort.
Development of a Sexual Dimorphism in a Central Pattern Generator Driving a Rhythmic Behavior: The Role of Glia-Mediated Potassium Buffering in the Pacemaker Nucleus of the Weakly Electric Fish Apteronotus leptorhynchus.
Investigating the temporal dynamics of electroencephalogram (EEG) microstates using recurrent neural networks.
Brain responses to human-voice processing predict child development and intelligence.
Progressive Long-term Spatial Memory Loss following Repeat Concussive and Subconcussive Brain Injury in Mice, Associated with Dorsal Hippocampal Neuron Loss, Microglial Phenotype Shift, and Vascular Abnormalities.
Phosphorylated Alpha-Synuclein in Red Blood Cells as a Potential Diagnostic Biomarker for Multiple System Atrophy: A Pilot Study.
CD82-TRPM7-Numb signaling mediates age-related cognitive impairment.
Multiple head direction signals within entorhinal cortex: origin and function.
Decision making under uncertainty in a quasi realistic binary decision task - An fMRI study.
Chorea-acanthocytosis with a novel mutation in the vacuolar protein sorting 13 homolog a gene: A case report.
NS398, a cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor, reverses memory performance disrupted by imipramine in C57Bl/6J mice.
Approaches to Defining Common and Dissociable Neurobiological Deficits Associated With Psychopathology in Youth.
Reduced sialylation triggers homeostatic synapse and neuronal loss in middle-aged mice.
Reply.
Estrogen enhances the proliferation and migration of ovarian cancer cells by activating transient receptor potential channel C3.
Sustained hyperammonemia induces TNF-a IN Purkinje neurons by activating the TNFR1-NF-kappaB pathway.
Interferon-gamma acutely augments inhibition of neocortical layer 5 pyramidal neurons.
The non-aromatizable androgen dihydrotestosterone (DHT) facilitates sexual behavior in ovariectomized female rats primed with estradiol.
Working memory performance with online-tDCS in schizophrenia: A randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled, partial cross-over proof-of-concept study.
Reading music and words: The anatomical connectivity of musicians \'  visual cortex.
Hippocampal Arc induces decay of object recognition memory in male mice.
The neurobiology of sex differences during language processing in healthy adults: A systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Polyproline-rich peptides associated with Torpedo californica acetylcholinesterase tetramers.
miR-181a negatively modulates synaptic plasticity in hippocampal cultures and its inhibition rescues memory deficits in a mouse model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
The Hitchhiker \' s Guide to Nucleocytoplasmic Trafficking in Neurodegeneration.
Scaffold attachment factor B: distribution and interaction with ERalpha in the rat brain.
Striatal dopamine transporter activity may predict beta-amyloid pathology in dementia with Lewy bodies.
The people behind the papers - Caroline Johnson and Troy Ghashghaei.
Extra-Retinal Spike Normalization in Retinal Ganglion Cell Axons.
Loss of cerebellar function selectively affects intrinsic rhythmicity of eupneic breathing.
The neurobiology of innate and learned vocalizations in rodents and songbirds.
Study of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) in children and adolescents with specific learning disorder (dyslexia).
RNA-based fluorescent biosensors for live cell imaging of small molecules and RNAs.
Dietary characteristics associated with plasma concentrations of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances among adults with pre-diabetes: Cross-sectional results from the Diabetes Prevention Program Trial.
Synthesis of new 4-butyl-arylpiperazine-3-(1H-indol-3-yl)pyrrolidine-2,5-dione derivatives and evaluation for their 5-HT1A and D2 receptor affinity and serotonin transporter inhibition.
Individual differences in the neurobiology of fluid intelligence predict responsiveness to training: Evidence from a comprehensive cognitive, mindfulness meditation, and aerobic exercise intervention.
Effects of beta1-adrenergic receptor blockade on the cerebral microcirculation in the normal state and during global brain ischemia/reperfusion injury in rabbits.
A prevascularization strategy using novel fibrous porous silk scaffolds for tissue regeneration in mice with spinal cord injury.
Temporal integration of narrative information in a hippocampal amnesic patient.
Environmental enrichment reduces food seeking and taking in rats: A review.
Protein nanocomposites: Special inferences to lysozyme based nanomaterials.
Microtubule Minus-End Binding Protein CAMSAP2 and Kinesin-14 Motor KIFC3 Control Dendritic Microtubule Organization.
Ketamine a dissociative anesthetic: Neurobiology and biomolecular exploration in depression.
The Anatomy and Physiology of Claustrum-Cortex Interactions.
Association of Dual Decline in Memory and Gait Speed With Risk for Dementia Among Adults Older Than 60 Years: A Multicohort Individual-Level Meta-analysis.
Underpinning the Neurobiological Intricacies Associated with Opioid Tolerance.
Reelin signaling modulates GABAB receptor function in the neocortex.
Heterogeneous Origin of Gonadotropin Releasing Hormone-1 Neurons in Mouse Embryos Detected by Islet-1/2 Expression.
Maternal Separation Induces Long-Term Alterations in the Cardiac Oxytocin Receptor and Cystathionine gamma-Lyase Expression in Mice.
Depression, Anxiety, and Apathy in Mild Cognitive Impairment: Current Perspectives.
Low frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation of right posterior parietal cortex reduces reaction time to perithreshold low spatial frequency visual stimuli.
The effects of NMDA receptor blockade on TMS-evoked EEG potentials from prefrontal and parietal cortex.
The role of Apolipoprotein E epsilon4 in the association between psychosocial working conditions and dementia.
Advances in the molecular mechanisms of NLRP3 inflammasome activators and inacativators.
Multivoxel codes for representing and integrating acoustic features in human cortex.
The stress of being alone: Removal from the colony, but not social subordination, increases fecal cortisol metabolite levels in eusocial naked mole-rats.
Draxin-mediated regulation of granule cell progenitor differentiation in the postnatal hippocampal dentate gyrus.
Long-Term Care Use During the Last 2 Years of Life in Sweden: Implications for Policy to Address Increased Population Aging.
Plasticity of the Reward Circuitry After Early-Life Adversity: Mechanisms and Significance.
The Complex Role of Nociceptin Signaling in Stress: Clarity Through Neuroimaging?
Next Stop for Fatty Acid Amide Hydrolase Inhibitors, the Clinic?
Mechanisms that allow cortical preparatory activity without inappropriate movement.
MDM2 and MDMX promote ferroptosis by PPARalpha-mediated lipid remodeling.
Isolation, Structure Determination, and Synthesis of Cyclic Tetraglutamic Acids from Box Jellyfish Species Alatina alata and Chironex yamaguchii.
Perillaldehyde 1,2-epoxide Loaded SLN-Tailored mAb: Production, Physicochemical Characterization and In Vitro Cytotoxicity Profile in MCF-7 Cell Lines.
Photodynamic modification of native HCN channels expressed in thalamocortical neurons.
Repeated sleep disruption in mice leads to persistent shifts in the fecal microbiome and metabolome.
Impaired SMAD1/5 Mechanotransduction and Cx37 (Connexin37) Expression Enable Pathological Vessel Enlargement and Shunting.
Actin remodeling, the synaptic tag and the maintenance of synaptic plasticity.
Caffeine exposure ameliorates acute ischemic cell death in avian developing retina.
Astrocytic expression of ZIP14 (SLC39A14) is part of the inflammatory reaction in chronic neurodegeneration with iron overload.
Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of Tryptamines Found in Hallucinogenic Mushrooms: Norbaeocystin, Baeocystin, Norpsilocin, and Aeruginascin.
Fatty acid amide hydrolase inhibition in the central nervous system prevents and reverses morphine tolerance in male and female mice.
Why and how to investigate the role of protein phosphorylation in ZIP and ZnT zinc transporter activity and regulation.
Kinematic flexibility allows bumblebees to increase energetic efficiency when carrying heavy loads.
Reliability and validity of the self-reported frailty screening questionnaire in older adults.
Reversing Hemianopia by Multisensory Training Under Anesthesia.
Caveolae in CNS arterioles mediate neurovascular coupling.
Quantitative expansion microscopy for the characterization of the spectrin periodic skeleton of axons using fluorescence microscopy.
Patient Semi-specific Computational Modeling of Electromagnetic Stimulation Applied to Neuroprotective Treatments in Acute Ischemic Stroke.
Environmental enrichment ameliorates perinatal brain injury and promotes functional white matter recovery.
Anti-PD-1 treatment impairs opioid antinociception in rodents and nonhuman primates.
Desire or Dread from Nucleus Accumbens Inhibitions: Reversed by Same-Site Optogenetic Excitations.
CtBP1-Mediated Membrane Fission Contributes to Effective Recycling of Synaptic Vesicles.
Topography in the Bursting Dynamics of Entorhinal Neurons.
Influenza vaccination in early Alzheimer \' s disease rescues amyloidosis and ameliorates cognitive deficits in APP/PS1 mice by inhibiting regulatory T cells.
ADAMTS13 ameliorates inflammatory responses in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
Use of potentially inappropriate medication and polypharmacy in older adults: a repeated cross-sectional study.
Social learning of acoustic anti-predator cues occurs between wild bird species.
Progressive Supranuclear Palsy Presenting with Hyperkinetic Movement Disorder and Hemiplegic Dystonia: A Case Report.
Central and Peripheral Mechanisms in ApoE4-Driven Diabetic Pathology.
Sex Stratified Treatment of Neurological Disorders: Challenges and Perspectives.
Chronic maternal interleukin-17 and autism-related cortical gene expression, neurobiology, and behavior.
Entorhinal cortex-based metabolic profiling of chronic restraint stress mice model of depression.
A re-evaluation of silk measurement by the cecropia caterpillar (Hyalophora cecropia) during cocoon construction reveals use of a silk odometer that is temporally regulated.
Delayed correlations improve the reconstruction of the brain connectome.
Different mechanisms for modulation of the initiation and steady-state of smooth pursuit eye movements.
The transition from hypertension to hypertensive heart disease and heart failure: the PREFERS Hypertension study.
HIV influences microtubule associated protein-2: Potential marker of HIV-associated neurocognitive disorders.
Dopamine Metabolism May Have Unexpected Benefits for Mitochondrial Energy Production.
Pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency - morphological and metabolic effects, creation of animal model to study and research for treatment therapy.
Gene therapy to the blood-brain barrier with resulting protein secretion as a strategy for treatment of Niemann Picks type C2 disease.
Optogenetic intervention of seizures improves spatial memory in a mouse model of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy.
Increased Neuroprotective Microglia and Photoreceptor Survival in the Retina from a Peptide Inhibitor of Myeloid Differentiation Factor 88 (MyD88).
Alkaloid Constituents of Ficus hispida and Their Antiinflammatory Activity.
Individual Differences in Learning Rate and Fear Response Predict Fear Memory and Recovery in Mice and Human Subjects.
Metabonomic profiling of blood plasma from erectile dysfunction patients using 1H nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Choreo-Athetosis and Ataxia as Leading Features in a Case of Erdheim-Chester Disease.
Inhibition of colony stimulating factor 1 receptor corrects maternal inflammation-induced microglial and synaptic dysfunction and behavioral abnormalities.
Genome-Wide Association Study of VKORC1 and CYP2C9 on acenocoumarol dose, stroke recurrence and intracranial haemorrhage in Spain.
Heterogeneity of response to immune checkpoint blockade in hypermutated experimental gliomas.
Sleep and Adiposity in Children From 2 to 6 Years of Age.
Cardiorespiratory fitness and mnemonic discrimination across the adult lifespan.
Oncostatin M-induced astrocytic tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases-1 drives remyelination.
Somatosensory evoked fields predict response to vagus nerve stimulation.
Use of 4+5 extensor compartmental vascularized bone graft and K-wire fixation for treating stage II-IIIA Kienbock \' s disease.
Retinoic Acid and Depressive Disorders: Evidence and Possible Neurobiological Mechanisms.
The pesticide fipronil injected into the substantia nigra of male rats decreases striatal dopamine content: a neurochemical, immunohistochemical and behavioral study.
Unveiling synapse pathology in spinal bulbar muscular atrophy by genome-wide transcriptome analysis of purified motor neurons derived from disease specific iPSCs.
Upregulation of Beta4 subunit of BKCa channels in the anterior cingulate cortex contributes to mechanical allodynia associated anxiety-like behaviors.
A novel role of NLRP3-generated IL-1beta in the acute-chronic transition of peripheral lipopolysaccharide-elicited neuroinflammation: implications for sepsis-associated neurodegeneration.
New era of optogenetics: from the central to peripheral nervous system.
Generation of a Quantitative Luciferase Reporter for Sox9 SUMOylation.
Synthesis of the Novel Covalent Cysteine Proteases Inhibitor with Iodoacetic Functional Group.
The molecular basis of platelet biogenesis, activation, aggregation and implications in neurological disorders.
Nonlinear mixed selectivity supports reliable neural computation.
The International Teaching and Practice of Cryobiology and Biobankology Course in China.
Computational Insight into the Binding Profile of the Second-Generation PET Tracer PI2620 with Tau Fibrils.
Assessing Neuron-Astrocyte Spatial Interactions Using the Neuron-Astrocyte Proximity Assay.
Platelet-derived Transforming Growth Factor-beta1 promotes keratinocyte proliferation in cutaneous wound healing.
Exposure to humidifier disinfectants is associated with upper and lower airway diseases.
The effects of caloric restriction and its mimetics in Alzheimer \' s disease through autophagy pathways.
Frequency-specific hearing results after stapes surgery for Chinese population otosclerosis with different degrees of hearing loss.
CEPO (carbamylated erythropoietin)-Fc protects hippocampal cells in culture against beta amyloid-induced apoptosis: considering Akt/GSK-3beta and ERK signaling pathways.
Pre- and postnatal exposure to glyphosate-based herbicide causes behavioral and cognitive impairments in adult mice: evidence of cortical ad hippocampal dysfunction.
Functionally distinct subgroups of oligodendrocyte precursor cells integrate neural activity and execute myelin formation.
Single-cell analysis of olfactory neurogenesis and differentiation in adult humans.
Ultrasonic signals associated with different types of social behavior of mice.
Low-frequency parietal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces fear and anxiety.
Correction: Symptom improvement in children with autism spectrum disorder following bumetanide administration is associated with decreased GABA/glutamate ratios.
A disinhibitory nigra-parafascicular pathway amplifies seizure in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Dl-3-n-butylphthalide attenuates mouse behavioral deficits to chronic social defeat stress by regulating energy metabolism via AKT/CREB signaling pathway.
Delaying memory decline: different options and emerging solutions.
Neurometabolic correlates of 6 and 16 weeks of treatment with risperidone in medication-naive first-episode psychosis patients.
Protein expression of prenyltransferase subunits in postmortem schizophrenia dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Symptom improvement in children with autism spectrum disorder following bumetanide administration is associated with decreased GABA/glutamate ratios.
Neurotransmitters and motoneuron contacts of multifunctional and behaviorally specialized turtle spinal cord interneurons.
Frontal cortex chitinase and pentraxin neuroinflammatory alterations during the progression of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Interactions between personality, depression/anxiety and cognition to understand early stage of Alzheimer \' s disease.
ALDH4A1 expression levels are elevated in postmortem brains of patients with schizophrenia and are associated with genetic variants in enzymes related to proline metabolism.
Incidence of lichen sclerosus and subsequent causes of death: a nationwide Finnish register study.
Adenosine kinase is critical for neointima formation after vascular injury by inducing aberrant DNA hypermethylation.
A critical role of the KCa 3.1 channel in mechanical stretch-induced proliferation of rat bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
Endogenous opioid peptides and brain development: Endomorphin-1 and Nociceptin play a sex-specific role in the control of oligodendrocyte maturation and brain myelination.
Genes to treat excitotoxicity ameliorate the symptoms of the disease in mice models of multiple system atrophy.
Elimination of galanin synthesis in noradrenergic neurons reduces galanin in select brain areas and promotes active coping behaviors.
Chronic Post-Ischemia Pain Model for Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Type-I in Rats.
Elevated Testosterone Level and Urine Scent Marking in Male 5xFAD Alzheimer Model Mice.
Guidelines for the content and format of PET brain data in publications and archives: A consensus paper.
Shared genetic risk between eating disorder- and substance-use-related phenotypes: Evidence from genome-wide association studies.
Patient-derived glioblastoma cultures as a tool for small-molecule drug discovery.
Cognitive Profile of Patients With Mitochondrial Chronic Progressive External Ophthalmoplegia.
Early Maternal and Social Deprivation Expands Neural Stem Cell Population Size and Reduces Hippocampus/Amygdala-Dependent Fear Memory.
Efficacy of transcutaneous electrical acupoint stimulation combined with general anesthesia for sedation and postoperative analgesia in minimally invasive lung cancer surgery: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Biophysical research in Okazaki, Japan.
High Ethanol and Acetaldehyde Inhibit Glutamatergic Transmission in the Hippocampus of Aldh2-Knockout and C57BL/6N Mice: an In Vivo and Ex Vivo Analysis.
Opposite Consequences of Tonic and Phasic Increases in Accumbal Dopamine on Alcohol-Seeking Behavior.
Remitted depression and cognition in HIV: The role of cortisol and inflammation.
Epilepsy in immigrants and Swedish-born: A cohort study of all adults 18 years of age and older in Sweden.
Plasticity in olfactory bulb circuits.
RLS with PLMS in a child with hemolytic anemia caused by pyruvate kinase deficiency.
ARID3A and ARID3B induce stem promoting pathways in ovarian cancer cells.
Who is Willing to Donate Their Bodies in China? Perceptions, Attitudes and Influencing Factors among Citizens of Changsha.
Phospholipid phosphatase related 1 (PLPPR1) increases cell adhesion through modulation of Rac1 activity.
Somatosensorimotor and odor modification, along with serotonergic processes underlying the social deficits in BTBR T+ Itpr3tf/J and BALB/cJ mouse models of autism.
Distinct nutritional and endocrine regulation of prothoracic gland activities underlies divergent life history strategies in Manduca sexta and Drosophila melanogaster.
Rhythm and Blues: Influence of CLOCK T3111C on peripheral electrophysiological indicators of negative affective processing.
Modulation of the combinatorial code of odorant receptor response patterns in odorant mixtures.
Co-delivery of Cu(I) chelator and chemotherapeutics as a new strategy for tumor theranostic.
Regulation of Proneural Wave Propagation Through a Combination of Notch-Mediated Lateral Inhibition and EGF-Mediated Reaction Diffusion.
The analgesic potential of glycosides derived from medicinal plants.
Author Correction: Suppression of glioblastoma by a drug cocktail reprogramming tumor cells into neuronal like cells.
MYCN amplification and ATRX mutations are incompatible in neuroblastoma.
Schizophrenia-related microdeletion causes defective ciliary motility and brain ventricle enlargement via microRNA-dependent mechanisms in mice.
Join the Lone Kidney Club: incentivising live organ donation.
Nucleocytoplasmic Proteomic Analysis Uncovers eRF1 and Nonsense-Mediated Decay as Modifiers of ALS/FTD C9orf72 Toxicity.
Harm-Benefit Analysis May Not Be the Best Approach to Ensure Minimal Harms and Maximal Benefits of Animal Research-Alternatives Should Be Explored.
Contributions of Chondroitin Sulfate, Keratan Sulfate and N-linked Oligosaccharides to Inhibition of Neurite Outgrowth by Aggrecan.
Multi-Omic Analyses of Growth Cones at Different Developmental Stages Provides Insight into Pathways in Adult Neuroregeneration.
Mesoporous polydopamine with built-in plasmonic core: Traceable and NIR triggered delivery of functional proteins.
Advancing Knowledge of Down Syndrome Brain Development and Function With Human Stem Cells.
Transport of glucose by the plasma membrane affects the removal and concentration of Ca2+ at rest in neurons - Implications of a condition prior to Alzheimer \' s disease?
Coping with extremes: Remarkably blunt adrenocortical responses to acute stress in two sympatric snow finches on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau during winter relative to other seasons.
"Does attention bias modification induce structural brain changes? A commentary on Abend et al. (2019)" - Response.
Wnt-activated olfactory ensheathing cells stimulate neural stem cell proliferation and neuronal differentiation.
Acute neuromodulation restores spinally-induced motor responses after severe spinal cord injury.
Modeling Down syndrome in animals from the early stage to the 4.0 models and next.
Plasticity as a therapeutic target for improving cognition and behavior in Down syndrome.
Translational validity and implications of pharmacotherapies in preclinical models of Down syndrome.
Hippocampal changes in mice lacking an active prohormone convertase 2.
Zika virus-spread, epidemiology, genome, transmission cycle, clinical manifestation, associated challenges, vaccine and antiviral drug development.
Adherence to treatment guidelines in clinical practice for using electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive episode.
Label-free enrichment of fate-biased human neural stem and progenitor cells.
Physiological responses to heat stress in an invasive mussel Mytilus galloprovincialis depend on tidal habitat.
Optimizing olfactory ensheathing cell transplantation for spinal cord injury repair.
Different serotypes of AAV vectors and lentivirus meditated tropism in choroid plexus by intracerebroventricular delivery.
Sex and gender differences in Alzheimer \' s disease: current challenges and implications for clinical practice.
Phosphodiesterase inhibitors roflumilast and vardenafil prevent sleep deprivation-induced deficits in spatial pattern separation.
A common genetic variant rs2821557 in KCNA3 is linked to the severity of multiple sclerosis.
HDAC and MAPK/ERK Inhibitors Cooperate To Reduce Viability and Stemness in Medulloblastoma.
Prediction of lithium treatment response in bipolar depression using 5-HTT and 5-HT1A PET.
VEGFD Protects Retinal Ganglion Cells and, consequently, Capillaries against Excitotoxic Injury.
Food as a circadian time cue - evidence from human studies.
Functional and Structural Connectivity Patterns Associated with Clinical Outcomes in Deep Brain Stimulation of the Globus Pallidus Internus for Generalized Dystonia.
Process evaluation of complex cardiovascular interventions: How to interpret the results of my trial?
Periodic Parasites and Daily Host Rhythms.
Causal Role of Motor Preparation during Error-Driven Learning.
Paradoxical network excitation by glutamate release from VGluT3+ GABAergic interneurons.
Activation of metabotropic glutamate receptor 4 regulates proliferation and neural differentiation in neural stem/progenitor cells of the rat subventricular zone and increases phosphatase and tensin homolog protein expression.
Nerve growth factor in the psychiatric brain.
Parallel probing of intracellular neuron potentials.
Blockade of IL-17 signaling reverses alcohol-induced liver injury and excessive alcohol drinking in mice.
Endothelial cell-glucocorticoid receptor interactions and regulation of Wnt signaling.
Role of GluA3 AMPA receptor subunits in the pre- and postsynaptic maturation of synaptic transmission and plasticity of endbulb-bushy cell synapses in the cochlear nucleus.
Mechanisms of malignancy in glioblastoma cells are linked to MCU upregulation and higher intracellular calcium level.
An Unexpected Dependence of Cortical Depth in Shaping Neural Responsiveness and Selectivity in Mouse Visual Cortex.
Proteomic analysis of synaptic protein turnover in the anterior cingulate cortex after nerve injury.
Neural networks and the anti-inflammatory effect of transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation in depression.
The complex neurobiology of resilient functioning after childhood maltreatment.
Doublecortin undergo nucleocytoplasmic transport via the RanGTPase signaling to promote glioma progression.
Cigarette smoking and cerebral blood flow in a cohort of middle-aged adults.
Audiogram in Response to Stimulation Delivered to Fluid Applied to the External Meatus.
Chemopreventive Effect of the Germinated Oat and its Phenolic-AVA Extract in Azoxymethane/Dextran Sulfate Sodium (AOM/DSS) Model of Colon Carcinogenesis in Mice.
Intraperitoneal injection of ginkgolide B, a major active compound of Ginkgo biloba, dose-dependently increases the amount of wake and decreases non-rapid eye movement sleep in C57BL/6 mice.
On the estimation of average treatment effects with right-censored time to event outcome and competing risks.
Experience-Dependent Development and Maintenance of Binocular Neurons in the Mouse Visual Cortex.
Foxp1 Regulates Neural Stem Cell Self-Renewal and Bias Toward Deep Layer Cortical Fates.
Parietal Cortex Regulates Visual Salience and Salience-Driven Behavior.
Derivation of trophoblast stem cells from naive human pluripotent stem cells.
Potential for Use of Erythritol as a Socially Transferrable Ingested Insecticide for Ants (Hymenoptera: Formicidae).
Identification of the molecular components of a putative Jasus edwardsii (Crustacea; Decapoda; Achelata) circadian signaling system.
Perceptual bias is reduced with longer reaction times during visual discrimination.
Knee Arthroscopic Surgery in Middle-Aged Patients With Meniscal Symptoms: A 5-Year Follow-up of a Prospective, Randomized Study.
Effects of an In-home Multicomponent Exergame Training on Physical Functions, Cognition, and Brain Volume of Older Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
LAM Genes Contribute to Environmental Stress Tolerance but Sensibilize Yeast Cells to Azoles.
An Animal Model for Mammalian Attachment: Infant Titi Monkey (Plecturocebus cupreus) Attachment Behavior Is Associated With Their Social Behavior as Adults.
Neural Correlates of Learning Pure Tones or Natural Sounds in the Auditory Cortex.
Spectral hallmark of auditory-tactile interactions in the mouse somatosensory cortex.
Identification of a selective manganese ionophore that enables non-lethal quantification of cellular manganese.
Biological subtypes of Alzheimer disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Reply to Peng and Zhao: Loss of endocytic protein TOM1 in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Intracranial Epstein-Barr virus infection appearing as an unusual case of meningitis in an immunocompetent woman: a case report.
Microglial Function in the Effects of Early-Life Stress on Brain and Behavioral Development.
p32-Dependent p38 MAPK Activation by Arginase II Downregulation Contributes to Endothelial Nitric Oxide Synthase Activation in HUVECs.
NASA GeneLab Platform Utilized for Biological Response to Space Radiation in Animal Models.
Complexity of Neural Component of Tumor Microenvironment in Prostate Cancer.
Inter-participant consistency of language-processing networks during abstract thoughts.
Novel ELISAs to measure total and phosphorylated tau in cerebrospinal fluid.
Exposure to the cannabinoid agonist WIN 55, 212-2 in adolescent rats causes sleep alterations that persist until adulthood.
Viral approaches to study the mammalian brain: lineage tracing, circuit dissection and therapeutic applications.
COMPARATIVE EFFICACY OF MEDICAL TREATMENT FOR ACROMEGALY: A SYSTEMIC REVIEW AND NETWORK META-ANALYSIS OF INTEGRATED RANDOMIZED TRIALS AND OBSERVATIONAL STUDIES.
Neuropsychological and neurophysiological aspects of brain-computer-interface (BCI)-control in paralysis.
Excess salt intake promotes M1 microglia polarization via a p38/MAPK/AR-dependent pathway after cerebral ischemia in mice.
Effect of Melatonin on Tau aggregation and Tau-mediated cell surface morphology.
Electroacupuncture suppresses the pain and pain-related anxiety of chronic inflammation in rats by increasing the expression of the NPS/NPSR system in the ACC.
Using subthreshold events to characterize the functional architecture of the electrically coupled inferior olive network.
Anatomical and single-cell transcriptional profiling of the murine habenular complex.
How autophagy can restore proteostasis defects in multiple diseases?
Small-molecule G-quadruplex stabilizers reveal a novel pathway of autophagy regulation in neurons.
Cognitive Impairment and Diminished Neural Responses Constitute a Biomarker Signature of Negative Symptoms in Psychosis.
NCAM2 Regulates Dendritic and Axonal Differentiation through the Cytoskeletal Proteins MAP2 and 14-3-3.
Early infantile epileptic-dyskinetic encephalopathy due to biallelic PIGP mutations.
Anhedonia as a key clinical feature in the maintenance and treatment of opioid use disorder.
Myelin degeneration and diminished myelin renewal contribute to age-related deficits in memory.
A sensitive and specific nanosensor for monitoring extracellular potassium levels in the brain.
Improved tools to study astrocytes.
Perceptual bias is reduced with longer reaction times during visual discrimination.
Author Correction: Proteolysis of the low density lipoprotein receptor by bone morphogenetic protein-1 regulates cellular cholesterol uptake.
Functional clusters of neurons in layer 6 of macaque V1.
Mechanism for neurotransmitter-receptor matching.
Evaluating phone camera and cloud service-based 3D imaging and printing of human bones for anatomical education.
Zona incerta gabaergic output controls a signaled locomotor action in the midbrain tegmentum.
Role of Free Radical Formation in Murine Cytomegalovirus-Induced Hearing Loss.
[Recent Research Efforts to Achieve Neuroprotection, Progression and Treatment of Glaucoma].
Virtual discovery of melatonin receptor ligands to modulate circadian rhythms.
Multiple Holdouts With Stability: Improving the Generalizability of Machine Learning Analyses of Brain-Behavior Relationships.
Innovations in Clinical Neuroscience: Tools, Techniques, and Transformative Frameworks.
Effects of myeloid cell-restricted TNF inhibitors in vitro and in vivo.
Inhibition of protein synthesis in M1 of monkeys disrupts performance of sequential movements guided by memory.
Choreographing life-experiences of balance control in people with Parkinson \' s disease.
Mechanisms underlying auditory processing deficits in Fragile X syndrome.
The Association Between Persistent White-Matter Abnormalities and Repeat Injury After Sport-Related Concussion.
The Art of Influencing Consumer Choices: A Reflection on Recent Advances in Decision Neuroscience.
Controlling Unpleasant Thoughts: Adjustments of Cognitive Control Based on Previous-Trial Load in a Working Memory Task.
Effect of Alcohol on Hippocampal-Dependent Plasticity and Behavior: Role of Glutamatergic Synaptic Transmission.
Plasticity in Limbic Regions at Early Time Points in Experimental Models of Tinnitus.
Structural Neural Connectivity Analysis in Zebrafish With Restricted Anterograde Transneuronal Viral Labeling and Quantitative Brain Mapping.
Abnormal Pyramidal Decussation and Bilateral Projection of the Corticospinal Tract Axons in Mice Lacking the Heparan Sulfate Endosulfatases, Sulf1 and Sulf2.
Low and High Molecular Weight FGF-2 Have Differential Effects on Astrocyte Proliferation, but Are Both Protective Against Abeta-Induced Cytotoxicity.
Neurogranin Regulates Metaplasticity.
Hydrogen Inhalation Attenuates Oxidative Stress Related Endothelial Cells Injury After Subarachnoid Hemorrhage in Rats.
Minimal Relationship between Local Gyrification and General Cognitive Ability in Humans.
TET2-mediated Cdkn2A DNA hydroxymethylation in midbrain dopaminergic neurons injury of Parkinson \' s disease.
Striatal reactivity to reward under threat-of-shock and working memory load in adults at increased familial risk for major depression: A preliminary study.
A novel mouse model of mild traumatic brain injury using laser-induced shock waves.
Converging patterns of aging-associated brain volume loss and tissue microstructure differences.
Identification and immunohistochemical characterization of G-quadruplexes in mouse brain.
Of Forests and Trees: Bridging the Gap Between Neurobiology and Behavior in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Cell-to-cell lactate shuttle operates in heart and is important in age-related heart failure.
Fear of movement is related to low back disability during a two-year period in patients that have undergone elective lumbar spine surgery.
Cholinergic white matter pathways make a stronger contribution to attention and memory in normal aging than cerebrovascular health and nucleus basalis of Meynert.
Neurodevelopmental pathways in bipolar disorder.
Expression of Hey2 transcription factor in the early embryonic ventricles is controlled through a distal enhancer by Tbx20 and Gata transcription factors.
Functions of histone modifications and histone modifiers in Schwann cells.
Histone Modifying Enzymes and Chromatin Modifiers in Glioma Pathobiology and Therapy Responses.
Cannabinoid Signaling in Glioma Cells.
Recent Advances in Understanding Mechanisms of TGF Beta Signaling and Its Role in Glioma Pathogenesis.
Synaptic mitochondrial dysfunction and septin accumulation are linked to complement-mediated synapse loss in an Alzheimer \' s disease animal model.
Insight into the Ontogeny of GnRH Neurons from Patients Born Without a Nose.
Author Correction: Plasma microRNA markers of upper limb recovery following human stroke.
CLN3 regulates endosomal function by modulating Rab7A effector interactions.
IL-13 Ameliorates Neuroinflammation and Promotes Functional Recovery after Traumatic Brain Injury.
How to turn an organism into a model organism in 10  \' easy \'  steps.
Gene manipulation to test links between genome, brain and behavior in developing songbirds: a test case.
Tubulin-binding cofactor E-like (TBCEL), the protein product of the mulet gene, is required in the germline for the regulation of inter-flagellar microtubule dynamics during spermatid individualization.
Functional Disruption of Cerebello-thalamo-cortical Networks in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
A novel mouse model of phospholipase A2 receptor 1-associated membranous nephropathy mimics podocyte injury in patients.
Transcriptomics of Gabra4 knockout mice reveals common NMDAR pathways underlying autism, memory, and epilepsy.
Involvement of TRPC4 and 5 Channels in Persistent Firing in Hippocampal CA1 Pyramidal Cells.
Design and Synthesis of a Compound Library Exploiting 5-Methoxyleoligin as Potential Cholesterol Efflux Promoter.
Synthesis and function of fatty acids and oxylipins, with a focus on Caenorhabditis elegans.
Organoids Develop Motor Skills: 3D Human Neuromuscular Junctions.
Evaluation of Kjell et al.: Defining the Adult Neural Stem Cell Niche Proteome Identifies Key Regulators of Adult Neurogenesis.
Neurochemical characterization of mouse dorsal root ganglion neurons expressing organic cation transporter 2.
Beyond Physical Entrainment: Competitive and Cooperative Mental Stances During Identical Joint-Action Tasks Differently Affect Inter-Subjective Neural Synchrony and Judgements of Agency.
Cognition in multiple system atrophy: a single-center cohort study.
Associations of Different Types of Maternal Diabetes and Body Mass Index With Offspring Psychiatric Disorders.
Quantitative proteomic analysis of aqueous humor after rabbit lensectomy reveals differences in coagulation and immunomodulatory proteins.
Reactive oxygen species (ROS) and their impact in neurodegenerative diseases: literature landscape analysis.
The timing of propofol administration affects the effectiveness of remote ischemic preconditioning induced cardioprotection in rats.
Incidence and risk factors of hyperemesis gravidarum: A national register-based study in Finland, 2005-2017.
Chinese Stroke Association guidelines for clinical management of cerebrovascular disorders: executive summary and 2019 update of clinical management of spontaneous subarachnoid haemorrhage.
Author Correction: Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies new loci and functional pathways influencing Alzheimer \' s disease risk.
BCAT2-mediated BCAA catabolism is critical for development of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Characterizing chromatin landscape from aggregate and single-cell genomic assays using flexible duration modeling.
Microglia mediate forgetting via complement-dependent synaptic elimination.
Neurofilament light chain and C reactive protein explored as predictors of survival in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Dopamine D1 receptors in the medial orbitofrontal cortex support effort-related responding in rats.
The Relationship Between Diurnal Variation of Cytokines and Symptom Expression in Mild Obstructive Sleep Apnea.
Patient experience of preheated and room temperature skin disinfection prior to cardiac device implantation: A randomised controlled trial.
New Nrf2-Inducer Compound ITH12674 Slows the Progression of Retinitis Pigmentosa in the Mouse Model rd10.
A role for the neuropeptide somatostatin in the neurobiology of behaviors associated with substances abuse and affective disorders.
Voltage dependent allosteric modulation of IPSCs by benzodiazepines.
Neural Implementation of Behavioral Hierarchy.
Optimizing Nervous System-Specific Gene Targeting with Cre Driver Lines: Prevalence of Germline Recombination and Influencing Factors.
Association between habitual use of coping strategies and posttraumatic stress symptoms in a non-clinical sample of college students: A Bayesian approach.
Barrel cortex VIP/ChAT interneurons suppress sensory responses in vivo.
Neurobiology of systems memory consolidation.
Old but not Obsolete: An Enhanced High Speed Immunoblot.
Experiences of physical activity and exercise in individuals with systemic sclerosis: A qualitative study.
Npl3 stabilizes R-loops at telomeres to prevent accelerated replicative senescence.
Oxidative Stress in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Expression patterns of ERalpha66 and its novel variant isoform ERalpha36 in lactotroph pituitary adenomas and associations with clinicopathological characteristics.
Correction: Macrophage-derived CCL5 facilitates immune escape of colorectal cancer cells via the p65/STAT3-CSN5-PD-L1 pathway.
Oxytocin-Sensitive Neurons in Prefrontal Cortex Gate Social Recognition Memory.
Histone methyltransferase G9a diminishes expression of cannabinoid CB1 receptors in primary sensory neurons in neuropathic pain.
Hormetic-Like Effects of L-Homocysteine on Synaptic Structure, Function, and Abeta Aggregation.
Modulation of AMPA Receptors by Nitric Oxide in Nerve Cells.
Poison-Exon Inclusion in DHX9 Reduces Its Expression and Sensitizes Ewing Sarcoma Cells to Chemotherapeutic Treatment.
Unexpected Rule-Changes in a Working Memory Task Shape the Firing of Histologically Identified Delay-Tuned Neurons in the Prefrontal Cortex.
A network approach to analyze neuronal lineage and layer innervation in the Drosophila optic lobes.
The Physiological Modulation of Intracellular kinases on Hippocampal Gamma Oscillation in Vitro.
A Prospective Longitudinal Investigation of Cortical Thickness and Gyrification in Schizophrenia.
CRISPR-Cpf1 Activation of Endogenous BMP4 Gene for Osteogenic Differentiation of Umbilical-Cord-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Vocal tract anatomy of king penguins: morphological traits of two-voiced sound production.
A Chemotherapy-Driven Increase in Mcl-1 Mediates the Effect of miR-375 on Cisplatin Resistance in Osteosarcoma Cells.
How to Optimize Integrated Patient Progress Notes: A Multidisciplinary Focus Group Study in Indonesia.
Association Between Everyday Technology Use, Activities of Daily Living and Health-Related Quality of Life in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Xiao-ai-ping injection adjunct with platinum-based chemotherapy for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anti-TNF treatment during pregnancy and birth outcomes: Apopulation-based study from Denmark, Finland, and Sweden.
Moderate prenatal ethanol exposure stimulates CXCL12/CXCR4 chemokine system in radial glia progenitor cells in hypothalamic neuroepithelium and peptide neurons in lateral hypothalamus of the embryo and postnatal offspring.
High-resolution PET imaging reveals subtle impairment of the serotonin transporter in an early non-depressed Parkinson \' s disease cohort.
Color vision in insects: insights from Drosophila.
Cyclovirobuxine D inhibits cell proliferation and migration and induces apoptosis in human glioblastoma multiforme and low-grade glioma.
The changing opioid crisis: development, challenges and opportunities.
The upper cervical spinal cord in ALS assessed by cross-sectional and longitudinal 3T MRI.
Format-dependent and format-independent representation of sequential and simultaneous numerosity in the crow endbrain.
Author Correction: Prefrontal cortical ChAT-VIP interneurons provide local excitation by cholinergic synaptic transmission and control attention.
Synaptic integration of thalamic and limbic inputs in rodent gustatory cortex.
CLEC14A deficiency exacerbates neuronal loss by increasing blood-brain barrier permeability and inflammation.
Proximity ligation assay reveals both pre- and postsynaptic localization of the APP-processing enzymes ADAM10 and BACE1 in rat and human adult brain.
Management of mild cognitive impairment (MCI): The need for national and international guidelines.
Integrin Signaling in Glioma Pathogenesis: From Biology to Therapy.
Dementia Research Fit for the Planet: Reflections on Population Studies of Dementia for Researchers and Policy Makers Alike.
Associations between Blood Cell Profiles and Primary Open-Angle Glaucoma: A Retrospective Case-Control Study.
Temporolimbic cortical volume is associated with semantic odor memory performance in aging.
Context controls the timing of responses to an alcohol-predictive conditioned stimulus.
Repetitive Microstimulation In Rat Primary Somatosensory Cortex (SI) Strengthens The Connection Between Homotopic Sites In The Opposite SI And Leads To Expression Of Previously Ineffective Input From The ipsilateral Forelimb.
Neural substrates of mnemonic discrimination: A whole-brain fMRI investigation.
Role of iNOS in osteoarthritis: Pathological and therapeutic aspects.
Dietary zinc supplement militates against ketamine-induced behaviours by age-dependent modulation of oxidative stress and acetylcholinesterase activity in mice.
Deficiency of T-type voltage-gated calcium channels results in attenuated weight gain and improved endothelium-dependent dilatation of resistance vessels induced by a high-fat diet in mice.
Quantitative Phosphoproteomic Analysis in Alpha-Synuclein Transgenic Mice Reveals the Involvement of Aberrant p25/Cdk5 Signaling in Early-stage Parkinson \' s Disease.
Microglia and Parkinson \' s disease: footprints to pathology.
Synaptic organisation and behaviour-dependent activity of mGluR8a-innervated GABAergic trilaminar cells projecting from the hippocampus to the subiculum.
Epigallocatechin gallate in multiple system atrophy (PROMESA).
Postural Directionality and Head Tremor in Cervical Dystonia.
The Emerging Neurobiology of Bipolar Disorder.
LncRNA-AC006129.1 reactivates a SOCS3-mediated anti-inflammatory response through DNA methylation-mediated CIC downregulation in schizophrenia.
LATS suppresses mTORC1 activity to directly coordinate Hippo and mTORC1 pathways in growth control.
PABPC1-induced stabilization of BDNF-AS inhibits malignant progression of glioblastoma cells through STAU1-mediated decay.
Locus-specific DNA methylation of Mecp2 promoter leads to autism-like phenotypes in mice.
Subacute Neuropsychiatric Syndrome in Girls With SHANK3 Mutations Responds to Immunomodulation.
Concentration-dependent recruitment of mammalian odorant receptors.
Intrinsic Excitability Increase in Cerebellar Purkinje Cells Following Delay Eyeblink Conditioning in Mice.
An interview with Roberto Mayor.
Mapping visual spatial prototypes: Multiple reference frames shape visual memory.
Electroencephalography of completely locked-in state patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Inter-network functional connectivity changes in patients with brain tumors: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Salvianolic acid A increases the accumulation of doxorubicin in brain tumors through Caveolae endocytosis.
Observational learning of a shifting goal location in rats: Impact of distance, observed performance, familiarity, and delay.
Neuropeptide Y neurons in the nucleus accumbens modulate anxiety-like behavior.
AMPA receptor subunit localization in schizophrenia anterior cingulate cortex.
Ultrastructural evidence for glutamatergic dysregulation in schizophrenia.
Effect of 9 - PAHSA on cognitive dysfunction in diabetic mice and its possible mechanism.
The Effects of Essential Oil on Salivary Oxytocin Concentration in Postmenopausal Women.
Diagnosis of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer \' s disease by the plasma and serum amyloid-beta 42 assay through high-sensitive peptoid nanosheet sensor.
Gut Microbiota and Its Metabolites in Atherosclerosis Development.
Angiotensin-II-Evoked Ca2+ Entry in Murine Cardiac Fibroblasts Does Not Depend on TRPC Channels.
Deletion of the Nucleotide Exchange Factor Vav3 Enhances Axonal Complexity and Synapse Formation but Tampers Activity of Hippocampal Neuronal Networks In Vitro.
Transgenic Mice Overexpressing Human STIM2 and ORAI1 in Neurons Exhibit Changes in Behavior and Calcium Homeostasis but Show No Signs of Neurodegeneration.
Proteomic Analysis of Brain Region and Sex-Specific Synaptic Protein Expression in the Adult Mouse Brain.
Region-Specific Sialylation Pattern of Prion Strains Provides Novel Insight into Prion Neurotropism.
Evolution of the Autism-Associated Neuroligin-4 Gene Reveals Broad Erosion of Pseudoautosomal Regions in Rodents.
Contribution of neural crest and GLAST+ Wnt1+ bone marrow pericytes with liver fibrogenesis and/or regeneration.
Hospital admissions for lower respiratory tract infections after early-, late-, and post-term birth.
Multidomain Interventions to Prevent Cognitive Impairment, Alzheimer \' s Disease, and Dementia: From FINGER to World-Wide FINGERS.
Compression-induced dedifferentiation of adipocytes promotes tumor progression.
Antidiabetic Drug Metformin Ameliorates Depressive-Like Behavior in Mice with Chronic Restraint Stress via Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
GTL-1, a Calcium Activated TRPM Channel, Enhances Nociception.
Unsupervised Learning of Persistent and Sequential Activity.
Aberrant Whole-Brain Transitions and Dynamics of Spontaneous Network Microstates in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury.
Network Models Predict That Pyramidal Neuron Hyperexcitability and Synapse Loss in the dlPFC Lead to Age-Related Spatial Working Memory Impairment in Rhesus Monkeys.
Novel Activity Detection Algorithm to Characterize Spontaneous Stepping During Multimodal Spinal Neuromodulation After Mid-Thoracic Spinal Cord Injury in Rats.
Editorial: Balancing Act: Structural-Functional Circuit Disruptions and Compensations in Developing and Aging Brain Disorders.
Two Autism/Dyslexia Linked Variations of DOCK4 Disrupt the Gene Function on Rac1/Rap1 Activation, Neurite Outgrowth, and Synapse Development.
A Simple and Compact MR-Compatible Electromagnetic Vibrotactile Stimulator.
Brain Distribution and Sexually Dimorphic Expression of Amylin in Different Reproductive Stages of the Zebra Finch (Taeniopygia guttata) Suggest Roles of the Neuropeptide in Song Learning and Social Behaviour.
RNA Editing of Serotonin 2C Receptor and Alcohol Intake.
Hearing loss and Alzheimer \' s disease: A Review.
The mechanoreceptor DEG-1 regulates cold tolerance in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Mitochondria and aging in older individuals: an analysis of DNA methylation age metrics, leukocyte telomere length, and mitochondrial DNA copy number in the VA normative aging study.
Luminance Information Is Required for the Accurate Estimation of Contrast in Rapidly Changing Visual Contexts.
Antagonistic Inhibitory Circuits Integrate Visual and Gravitactic Behaviors.
The Neurobiology of Mixed States.
Review of Perfusion Imaging in Acute Ischemic Stroke: From Time to Tissue.
Transcriptional Assessment of Striatal mRNAs as Valid Biomarkers of Disease Progression in Three Mouse Models of Huntington \' s Disease.
Ictal and interictal source imaging on intracranial EEG predicts epilepsy surgery outcome in children with focal cortical dysplasia.
Corrigendum to "Generation of an induced pluripotent stem cell line (XHCSUi001-A) from urine cells of a patient with spinocerebellar ataxia type 3" [Stem Cell Research Vol 40 (2019) 101555].
Damage to the shortest structural paths between brain regions is associated with disruptions of resting-state functional connectivity after stroke.
Current approaches to modeling the virtual reality in rodents for the assessment of brain plasticity and behavior.
ApoE mimetic improves pathology and memory in a model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Reevaluating the Role of Persistent Neural Activity in Short-Term Memory.
G-protein-coupled estrogen receptor activation upregulates interleukin-1 receptor antagonist in the hippocampus after global cerebral ischemia: implications for neuronal self-defense.
Electroacupuncture Alleviates Mechanical Allodynia in a Rat Model of Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Type-I via Suppressing Spinal CXCL12/CXCR4 Signaling.
Neuronal activation in the human centromedian-parafascicular complex predicts cortical responses to behaviorally significant auditory events.
HDAC6 inhibitors: translating genetic and molecular insights into a therapy for axonal CMT.
Glycogen synthase kinase-3 signaling in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Natural Products and Their Therapeutic Effect on Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Role of Oxidative Stress and Antioxidants in Autism.
Autism Spectrum Disorder Symptoms are Associated with Connectivity Between Large-Scale Neural Networks and Brain Regions Involved in Social Processing.
The neuroscience of sugars in taste, gut-reward, feeding circuits, and obesity.
Kappa opioid agonists reduce oxycodone self-administration in male rhesus monkeys.
Regulatory R-loops as facilitators of gene expression and genome stability.
Neuronal ensemble-specific DNA methylation strengthens engram stability.
The anterior insular cortex unilaterally controls feeding in response to aversive visceral stimuli in mice.
Human and mouse essentiality screens as a resource for disease gene discovery.
Muscarinic modulation of SK2-type K+ channels promotes intrinsic plasticity in L2/3 pyramidal neurons of the mouse primary somatosensory cortex.
MSA: From basic mechanisms to experimental therapeutics.
Involvement of supralemniscal nucleus (B9) 5-HT neuronal system in nociceptive processing: a fiber photometry study.
Positional posterior plagiocephaly: a single-center review.
Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activation in a high-risk sample of children, adolescents and young adults in residential youth care - Associations with adverse childhood experiences and mental health problems.
Adult Human Glioblastomas Harbor Radial Glia-like Cells.
Increased Neural Progenitor Proliferation in a hiPSC Model of Autism Induces Replication Stress-Associated Genome Instability.
The Cellular and Mechanical Basis for Response Characteristics of Identified Primary Afferents in the Rat Vibrissal System.
A Stepwise Approach to Resolving Small Ionic Currents in Vascular Tissue.
Auditory cortex shapes sound responses in the inferior colliculus.
The Renin Angiotensin System and Bipolar Disorder: A Systematic Review.
Perinatal factors and the risk of type 1 diabetes in childhood and adolescence - a register-based case-cohort study in Finland, years 1987-2009.
Evolution of neural processing for visual perception in vertebrates.
Microglial autophagy defect causes parkinson disease-like symptoms by accelerating inflammasome activation in mice.
Multimodal Stimulation in a Microfluidic Device Facilitates Studies of Interneurons in Sensory Integration in C. elegans.
Experimental Anxiety Model for Anxiety Disorders: Relevance to Drug Discovery.
Translational Studies in the Complex Role of Neurotransmitter Systems in Anxiety and Anxiety Disorders.
Differential impact of interleukin-6 promoter gene polymorphism on hippocampal volume in antipsychotic-naive schizophrenia patients.
Cerebrospinal fluid influx drives acute ischemic tissue swelling.
Midline and paramedian supracerebellar infratentorial approach to the pineal region: a comparative clinical study in 112 patients.
Resveratrol alleviates temporomandibular joint inflammatory pain by recovering disturbed gut microbiota.
Region-specific glial homeostatic signature in prion diseases is replaced by a uniform neuroinflammation signature, common for brain regions and prion strains with different cell tropism.
Neural Correlates of Reinforcement Learning in Mid-lateral Cerebellum.
Neonatal Assessment of Infants with Heterotaxy.
Polycistronic Delivery of IL-10 and NT-3 Promote Oligodendrocyte Myelination and Functional Recovery.
High throughput &lt;i&gt;in vitro&lt;/i&gt;, &lt;i&gt;ex vivo&lt;/i&gt; and i&lt;i&gt;n vivo&lt;/i&gt; screen of AAV vectors based on physical and functional transduction.
lncRNA CISAL Inhibits BRCA1 Transcription by Forming a Tertiary Structure at Its Promoter.
LINC00680 and TTN-AS1 Stabilized by EIF4A3 Promoted Malignant Biological Behaviors of Glioblastoma Cells.
Recurrent interactions can explain the variance in single trial responses.
Effects of regional body temperature variation during asphyxial cardiac arrest on mortality and brain damage in a rat model.
Dexmedetomidine alleviates neurogenesis damage following neonatal midazolam exposure in rats through JNK and P38 MAPK pathways.
Shifting from fear to safety through deconditioning-update.
Quantitative analysis of 1300-nm three-photon calcium imaging in the mouse brain.
Chronic non-inflammatory muscle pain: central and peripheral mediators.
Blocking of the CXCR4-CXCL12 Interaction Inhibits the Migration of Chicken B Cells Into the Bursa of Fabricius.
Women at Greater Sexual Risk for STIs/HIV Have a Lower Mesolimbic and Affective Bias Response to Sexual Stimuli.
Inflammatory Role of TLR-MyD88 Signaling in Multiple Sclerosis.
Autonomic Nervous System Correlates of Speech Categorization Revealed Through Pupillometry.
Synaptic development of layer V pyramidal neurons in the prenatal human prefrontal neocortex: a Neurolucida-aided Golgi study.
Differential localization of voltage-gated potassium channels during Drosophila metamorphosis.
Protective effects of losartan on some type 2 diabetes mellitus-induced complications in Wistar and spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Distribution and physiological effect of enterin neuropeptides in the olfactory centers of the terrestrial slug Limax.
ATP13A2 deficiency disrupts lysosomal polyamine export.
Neural Representation of Observed, Imagined, and Attempted Grasping Force in Motor Cortex of Individuals with Chronic Tetraplegia.
Single-cell transcriptomics identifies CD44 as a marker and regulator of endothelial to haematopoietic transition.
Positive surface charge of GluN1 N-terminus mediates the direct interaction with EphB2 and NMDAR mobility.
Arginine pi-stacking drives binding to fibrils of the Alzheimer protein Tau.
A Central Amygdala-Ventrolateral Periaqueductal Gray Matter Pathway for Pain in a Mouse Model of Depression-like Behavior.
Understanding Commonalities and Discrepancies between Feature and Spatial Attention Effect in the Context of a Normalization Model.
Cortical and Subcortical Effects of Transcutaneous Spinal Cord Stimulation in Humans with Tetraplegia.
Anatomical evidence of an indirect pathway for word repetition.
Molecular-Genetic Manipulation of the Suprachiasmatic Nucleus Circadian Clock.
Patient-related factors associated with an increased risk of being a reported case of preventable harm in first-line health care: a case-control study.
Pioglitazone and bladder cancer: improving research methods.
Evaluating global brain connectivity as an imaging marker for depression: influence of preprocessing strategies and placebo-controlled ketamine treatment.
Molecular basis and restoration of function deficiencies of Kv7.4 variants associated with inherited hearing loss.
Circuit Integration Initiation of New Hippocampal Neurons in the Adult Brain.
Effect of p53 activation through targeting MDM2/MDM4 heterodimer on T regulatory and effector cells in the peripheral blood of Type 1 diabetes patients.
Short-term Plasticity in Glomerular Inhibitory Circuits Shapes Olfactory Bulb Output.
Age-related changes in sound onset and offset intensity coding in auditory cortical fields A1 and CL of rhesus macaques.
Prognostic factors for improved physical and emotional functioning one year after interdisciplinary rehabilitation in patients with chronic pain: Results from a national quality registry in Sweden.
Negative Evidence for a Role of APH1B T27I Variant in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Application of Theory in Studies of Healthcare Built Environment Research.
Microbial Metabolites &amp; Intestinal Stem Cells Tune Intestinal Homeostasis.
Pou3f4-Expressing Otic Mesenchyme Cells Promote Spiral Ganglion Neuron Survival in the Postnatal Mouse Cochlea.
Hippocampal vascular reserve associated with cognitive performance and hippocampal volume.
Evolving Magnetically Levitated Plasma Proteins Detects Opioid Use Disorder as a Model Disease.
In vivo anatomical mapping of human locus coeruleus functional connectivity at 3 T MRI.
PMP22 Gene-Associated Neuropathies: Phenotypic Spectrum in a Cohort from India.
Functional connectivity of the right inferior frontal gyrus and orbitofrontal cortex in depression.
Birthweight of babies born to migrant mothers - What role do integration policies play?
Temporal Profile of Brain Gene Expression After Prey Catching Conditioning in an Anuran Amphibian.
Gut nociceptors: sentinels promoting host defense.
AMPA receptor deletion in developing MGE-derived hippocampal interneurons causes a redistribution of excitatory synapses and attenuates postnatal network oscillatory activity.
The unreasonable effectiveness of deep learning in artificial intelligence.
Corrigendum to "APP-dependent alteration of GSK3beta activity impairs neurogenesis in the Ts65Dn mouse model of Down syndrome" [Neurobiology of Disease 67 (2014) 24-36].
Choice of library size normalization and statistical methods for differential gene expression analysis in balanced two-group comparisons for RNA-seq studies.
Regulation of Synaptic Development by Astrocyte Signaling Factors and Their Emerging Roles in Substance Abuse.
YES-10, A Combination of Extracts from Clematis mandshurica RUPR. and Erigeron annuus (L.) PERS., Prevents Ischemic Brain Injury in A Gerbil Model of Transient Forebrain Ischemia.
Neurobiology Research in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Comprehensive Geriatric Assessment for Frail Older People in Swedish Acute Care Settings (CGA-Swed): A Randomised Controlled Study.
Big Data Analytics and Sensor-Enhanced Activity Management to Improve Effectiveness and Efficiency of Outpatient Medical Rehabilitation.
The antagonism of prostaglandin FP receptors inhibits the evolution of spreading depolarization in an experimental model of global forebrain ischemia.
The contribution of Parkin, PINK1 and DJ-1 genes to selective neuronal degeneration in Parkinson \' s disease.
Neuroanatomy of dyslexia: An allometric approach.
Modulation of the Erwinia ligand-gated ion channel (ELIC) and the 5-HT3 receptor via a common vestibule site.
Impaired actin dynamics and suppression of Shank2-mediated spine enlargement in cortactin knockout mice.
Flexible and stretchable opto-electric neural interface for low-noise electrocorticogram recordings and neuromodulation in vivo.
Sex Differences: Transcriptional Signatures of Stress Exposure in Male and Female Brains.
Subthalamic Nucleus Activity Influences Sensory and Motor Cortex during Force Transduction.
Partners coordinate territorial defense against simulated intruders in a duetting ovenbird.
A psychiatric disease-related circular RNA controls synaptic gene expression and cognition.
Differences in signal contrast and camouflage among different colour variations of a stomatopod crustacean, Neogonodactylus oerstedii.
Different modes of Notch activation and strength regulation in the spermathecal secretory lineage.
Interneuron transplantation rescues social behavior deficits without restoring wild-type physiology in a mouse model of autism with excessive synaptic inhibition.
The Prefrontal Cortex and the Caudate Nucleus Respond Conjointly to Methylphenidate (Ritalin). Concomitant Behavioral and Neuronal Recording Study.
Clinical utility and versatility of the petrous segment of the internal carotid artery in revascularization.
Direct Septum-Hippocampal Cholinergic Circuit Attenuates Seizure Through Driving Somatostatin Inhibition.
An evaluation of the effects of pyridoxal phosphate in chlorpromazine-induced Parkinsonism using mice.
Is medical urgency of elderly patients with traumatic brain injury underestimated by emergency department triage?
Pro-survival and anti-inflammatory roles of NF-kappaB c-Rel in the Parkinson \' s disease models.
Modulation of neuroinflammation by cysteinyl leukotriene 1 and 2 receptors: implications for cerebral ischemia and neurodegenerative diseases.
l-carnitine reduces the adverse effects of ROS and up-regulates the expression of implantation related genes in in vitro developed mouse embryos.
Melatonin mitigates hippocampal and cognitive impairments caused by prenatal irradiation.
Protein Quality Control Pathways at the Crossroad of Synucleinopathies.
Braak Stage, Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy, and Cognitive Decline in Early Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Validation of Plasma Proteomic Biomarkers Relating to Brain Amyloid Burden in the EMIF-Alzheimer \' s Disease Multimodal Biomarker Discovery Cohort.
Costs and Resource Use Associated with Community-Dwelling Patients with Alzheimer \' s Disease in Japan: Baseline Results from the Prospective Observational GERAS-J Study.
Novel KLHL26 variant associated with a familial case of Ebstein \' s anomaly and left ventricular noncompaction.
Probing the mechanisms underpinning recovery in post-surgical patients with cervical radiculopathy using Bayesian Networks.
Glycine Receptor Complex Analysis Using Immunoprecipitation-Blue Native Gel Electrophoresis-Mass Spectrometry.
The embryo of the silky shrew opossum, Caenolestes fuliginosus (Tomes, 1863): First description of the embryo of Paucituberculata.
Neural substrates underlying eyeblink classical conditioning in adults with alcohol use disorders.
Neurobiology of suicidal behavior and social stress.
Baseline profiles of auditory, vestibular, and visual functions in youth tackle football players.
Versatile Undergraduate Neurobiology Course-Based Research Experiences Using Open Access 3D Electron Microscopy Image Volumes.
Modulating the Zebrafish Camouflage Response Pathway to Illustrate Neuroendocrine Control Over a Robust and Quantifiable Behavior.
The mRNA Decay Factor CAR-1/LSM14 Regulates Axon Regeneration via Mitochondrial Calcium Dynamics.
Astrocytic trans-Differentiation Completes a Multicellular Paracrine Feedback Loop Required for Medulloblastoma Tumor Growth.
Epithelial-Neuronal Communication in the Colon: Implications for Visceral Pain.
Changed PGA and POSTN levels in choroid plexus are associated with depressive-like behaviors in mice.
Changes in corneal biomechanics during pregnancy in Chinese healthy female.
Tsukushi is essential for proper maintenance and terminal differentiation of mouse hippocampal neural stem cells.
Exclusive neuronal detection of KGDHC-specific subunits in the adult human brain cortex despite pancellular protein lysine succinylation.
Lifestyle Factors and Subjective Cognitive Impairment in Patients Seeking Help at a Memory Disorder Clinic: The Role of Negative Life Events.
Therapeutic potential of serotonin 4 receptor for chronic depression and its associated comorbidity in the gut.
Outward subcortical curvature associated with sub-clinical depression symptoms in adolescents.
Identification of a 2,4-diaminopyrimidine scaffold targeting Trypanosoma brucei pteridine reductase 1 from the LIBRA compound library screening campaign.
Generation of a ChATCre mouse line without the early onset hearing loss typical of the C57BL/6J strain.
Ubiquitin Ligase LRSAM1 Suppresses Neurodegenerative Diseases Linked Aberrant Proteins Induced Cell Death.
Machine Learning With Neuroimaging: Evaluating Its Applications in Psychiatry.
Multiple Rhythm-Generating Circuits Act in Tandem with Pacemaker Properties to Control the Start and Speed of Locomotion.
Imaging epilepsy in larval zebrafish.
Opsins for vision restoration.
Canagliflozin impairs blood reperfusion of ischaemic lower limb partially by inhibiting the retention and paracrine function of bone marrow derived mesenchymal stem cells.
The plasma protein profile and cardiovascular risk differ between intima-media thickness of the common carotid artery and the bulb: A meta-analysis and a longitudinal evaluation.
Post-treatment with oxcarbazepine confers potent neuroprotection against transient global cerebral ischemic injury by activating Nrf2 defense pathway.
R-Roscovitine Improves Motoneuron Function in Mouse Models for Spinal Muscular Atrophy.
Picture-evoked changes in pupil size predict learning success in children.
Serotonin induces Arcadlin in hippocampal neurons.
Hippocampal overexpression of SGK1 ameliorates spatial memory, rescues Abeta pathology and actin cytoskeleton polymerization in middle-aged APP/PS1 mice.
Large-Scale Exome Sequencing Study Implicates Both Developmental and Functional Changes in the Neurobiology of Autism.
Sickness Behavior Score Is Associated with Neuroinflammation and Late Behavioral Changes in Polymicrobial Sepsis Animal Model.
Identification of putative neuropeptidergic signaling systems in the spiny lobster, Panulirus argus.
Disruption of auto-inhibition underlies conformational signaling of ASIC1a to induce neuronal necroptosis.
YAP-dependent necrosis occurs in early stages of Alzheimer \' s disease and regulates mouse model pathology.
Inhibition of histone deacetylation rescues phenotype in a mouse model of Birk-Barel intellectual disability syndrome.
Evolutionary dynamics of recent selection on cognitive abilities.
A Cancer-Specific Ubiquitin Ligase Drives mRNA Alternative Polyadenylation by Ubiquitinating the mRNA 3 \'  End Processing Complex.
A Role for the Locus Coeruleus in Hippocampal CA1 Place Cell Reorganization during Spatial Reward Learning.
Cerebrospinal fluid progranulin is associated with increased cortical thickness in early stages of Alzheimer \' s disease.
High-salt diet does not boost neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration in a model of alpha-synucleinopathy.
Type 3 Inositol 1,4,5-Trisphosphate Receptor is a Crucial Regulator of Calcium Dynamics Mediated by Endoplasmic Reticulum in HEK Cells.
Effects of ramped-frequency thalamic deep brain stimulation on tremor and activity of modeled neurons.
Transient cAMP elevation during systems consolidation enhances remote contextual fear memory.
Chronic repeated predatory stress induces resistance to quinine adulteration of ethanol in male mice.
Weighted average of shared trajectory: A new estimator for dynamic functional connectivity efficiently estimates both rapid and slow changes over time.
The mTOR pathway component Unkempt regulates neural stem cell and neural progenitor cell cycle in the Drosophila central nervous system.
Interneuron Accumulation of Phosphorylated tau Impairs Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis by Suppressing GABAergic Transmission.
Silencing Trisomy 21 with XIST in Neural Stem Cells Promotes Neuronal Differentiation.
Burkholderia pseudomallei invades the olfactory nerve and bulb after epithelial injury in mice and causes the formation of multinucleated giant glial cells in vitro.
Microvascular Replantation of Totally Avulsed Scalps: Failures and Successes.
Effects of metformin on lipopolysaccharide-induced depressive-like behavior in mice and its mechanisms.
Fundamental Law of Memory Recall.
Early lesion of the reticular thalamic nucleus disrupts the structure and the function of the mediodorsal thalamus and the prefrontal cortex.
How Neuroscience Is Informing Treatments: Ethical Issues.
Neuroscience and the Future of Psychiatry.
Therapeutic Uses of Seizures in Neuropsychiatry.
Ketamine for Treatment-Resistant Mood Disorders.
Bringing Neuroscience to the Bedside.
Neuroscience-Informed Therapies in Psychiatry.
Patient and provider perspectives on reducing risk of harm in primary health care: a qualitative questionnaire study in Sweden.
C3a Receptor Antagonist Therapy is Protective with or without Thrombolysis in Murine Thromboembolic Stroke.
Control of cell migration by the novel protein phosphatase-2A interacting protein inka2.
Measuring mRNA translation in neuronal processes and somata by tRNA-FRET.
Irisin levels in genetic and essential obesity: clues for a potential dual role.
Do striatal push/pull circuits hold the key to compulsive, relapsing heroin addiction? : A Research Highlight on: Chemogenetic modulation of accumbens direct or indirect pathways bidirectionally alters reinstatement of heroin-seeking in high- but not low-risk rats, by O \' Neal et al. (2019).
SYNPLA, a method to identify synapses displaying plasticity after learning.
Structural instability and divergence from conserved residues underlie intracellular retention of mammalian odorant receptors.
A common hub for sleep and motor control in the substantia nigra.
Direct comparison of odor responses of homologous glomeruli in the medial and lateral maps of the mouse olfactory bulb.
Artery of Davidoff and Schechter Supply in Dural Arteriovenous Fistulas.
Control of glutamate release by complexes of adenosine and cannabinoid receptors.
The Emerging Role of Mechanosensitive Piezo Channels in Migraine Pain.
Clinical Implications of Estimating Glomerular Filtration Rate with Three Different Equations Among Older People. Preliminary Results of the Project "Screening for Chronic Kidney Disease among Older People across Europe (SCOPE)".
Dopamine Receptor Activation Modulates the Integrity of the Perisynaptic Extracellular Matrix at Excitatory Synapses.
Human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived GABAergic interneuron transplants attenuate neuropathic pain.
What can seasonal models teach us about energy balance?
The C loop at the orthosteric binding site is critically involved in GABAA receptor gating.
Imaging neuronal activity in the central and peripheral nervous systems using new Thy1.2-GCaMP6 transgenic mouse lines.
Antidepressant treatment with fluoxetine during pregnancy and lactation modulates the gut microbiome and metabolome in a rat model relevant to depression.
Special Section on Biobanking Education.
Evaluation of Factors Associated With Favorable Outcomes in Adults With Bell Palsy.
Development of multi-epitope chimeric vaccine against Taenia solium by exploring its proteome: an in silico approach.
Nurses \'  attitudes regarding the importance of families in nursing care: a cross-sectional study.
a Nationwide Case-Cohort Study.
In-ear-EEG - a portable platform for home monitoring.
An association of neovascular age-related macular degeneration with polymorphisms of CFH, ARMS2, HTRA1 and C3 genes in Czech population.
Neuroendocrinology and neurobiology of sebaceous glands.
Retraction Note: Aluminum in Neurological and Neurodegenerative Disease.
Iron-oxide minerals in the human tissues.
mHealth and wearable technology should replace motor diaries to track motor fluctuations in Parkinson \' s disease.
Parkinsonism with Normal Dopaminergic Presynaptic Terminals in Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis.
Hypermanganesemia with Dystonia 1: A Novel Mutation and Response to Iron Supplementation.
A Mobile Phone App for the Generation and Characterization of Motor Habits.
Dynamic Balance of Microglia and Astrocytes Involved in the Remyelinating Effect of Ginkgolide B.
Onecut-dependent Nkx6.2 transcription factor expression is required for proper formation and activity of spinal locomotor circuits.
The plant natural product 2-methoxy-1,4-naphthoquinone stimulates therapeutic neural repair properties of olfactory ensheathing cells.
A Cellular Mechanism of Learning-Induced Enhancement of Synaptic Inhibition: PKC-Dependent Upregulation of KCC2 Activation.
Diverse Spatiotemporal Scales of Cholinergic Signaling in the Neocortex.
Anterograde Viral Tracer HSV-1 Strain H129 Transports Primarily as Capsids in Cortical Neuron Axons.
A prospective cohort study of self-reported computerised medical history taking for acute chest pain: protocol of the CLEOS-Chest Pain Danderyd Study (CLEOS-CPDS).
Social engagement in late life may attenuate the burden of depressive symptoms due to financial strain in childhood.
NADPH oxidase and neurodegenerative diseases: mechanisms and therapy.
Inactivation Kinetics and Mechanical Gating of Piezo1 Ion Channels Depend on Subdomains within the Cap.
Striatal Projection Neurons Require Huntingtin for Synaptic Connectivity and Survival.
Manipulations of inhibition in cortical circuitry differentially affect spectral and temporal features of Bengalese finch song.
A Multimodal Ca(II) Responsive Near IR-MR Contrast Agent Exhibiting High Cellular Uptake.
Patients \'  experiences of the caring encounter with the psychiatric emergency response team in the emergency medical service-A qualitative interview study.
WWP1 knockout in mice exacerbates obesity-related phenotypes in white adipose tissue but improves whole body glucose metabolism.
Regulation and function of extra-SCN circadian oscillators in the brain.
Remodeling of the interstitial extracellular matrix in white matter multiple sclerosis lesions: Implications for remyelination (failure).
Minocycline for Depressive Symptoms: a Meta-Analysis of Randomized, Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Trials.
Galphai2+ vomeronasal neurons govern the initial outcome of an acute social competition.
Integrated miRNA-/mRNA-Seq of the Habenulo-Interpeduncular Circuit During Acute Nicotine Withdrawal.
Vascular smooth muscle TRPC3 channels facilitate the inverse hemodynamic response during status epilepticus.
A Brain to Spine Interface for Transferring Artificial Sensory Information.
Retinal inputs signal astrocytes to recruit interneurons into visual thalamus.
Neisseria meningitidis induces pathology-associated cellular and molecular changes in trigeminal Schwann cells.
Conserved Tao kinase activity regulates dendritic arborization, cytoskeletal dynamics and sensory function in Drosophila.
Quantitative oculomotor and nonmotor assessments in late-onset GM2 gangliosidosis.
Growth Factors and Alcohol Use Disorder.
A Brain on Cannabinoids: The Role of Dopamine Release in Reward Seeking and Addiction.
Neurofilaments: The C-Reactive Protein of Neurology.
Pregnancy Associated Plasma Protein-A as a Cardiovascular Risk Marker in Patients with Stable Coronary Heart Disease During 10 Years Follow-Up-A CLARICOR Trial Sub-Study.
Placenta-Specific Genes, Their Regulation During Villous Trophoblast Differentiation and Dysregulation in Preterm Preeclampsia.
Phytochemicals for the Prevention and Treatment of Gastric Cancer: Effects and Mechanisms.
Endocannabinoid modulating drugs improve anxiety but not the expression of conditioned fear in a rodent model of post-traumatic stress disorder.
Sarm1 loss reduces axonal damage and improves cognitive outcome after repetitive mild closed head injury.
Chemogenetics-mediated acute inhibition of excitatory neuronal activity improves stroke outcome.
Colour Vision: Self-Centered Fly Photoreceptors Communicate over Distances.
Drosophila Vision: An Eye for Change.
An atlas of personality, emotion and behaviour.
Navigating Through Time: A Spatial Navigation Perspective on How the Brain May Encode Time.
Astrocyte-T cell crosstalk regulates region-specific neuroinflammation.
The Core Deficit of "Classical" Schizophrenia Cuts Across the Psychosis Spectrum.
Comparative genomics identifies putative signatures of sociality in spiders.
Targeting the P2X7 receptor in microglial cells to prevent brain inflammation.
The novel GLP-1/GIP analogue DA5-CH reduces tau phosphorylation and normalizes theta rhythm in the icv. STZ rat model of AD.
Differences in caesarean delivery and neonatal outcomes among women of migrant origin in Finland: A population-based study.
Do all mammals dream?
Loss of function in the Drosophila clock gene period results in altered intermediary lipid metabolism and increased susceptibility to starvation.
Causal evidence supporting the proposal that dopamine transients function as temporal difference prediction errors.
CRISPR-mediated gene correction links the ATP7A M1311V mutations with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis pathogenesis in one individual.
Augmentation of Bri2 molecular chaperone activity against amyloid-beta reduces neurotoxicity in mouse hippocampus in vitro.
An integrated meta-analysis of peripheral blood metabolites and biological functions in major depressive disorder.
Syntaxin-3 is dispensable for basal neurotransmission and synaptic plasticity in postsynaptic hippocampal CA1 neurons.
Lithium for schizophrenia: supporting evidence from a 12-year, nationwide health insurance database and from Akt1-deficient mouse and cellular models.
Age-Dependent Remarkable Regenerative Potential of the Dentate Gyrus Provided by Intrinsic Stem Cells.
Evidence too weak to guide surgical treatment decisions for anterior cruciate ligament injury: a systematic review of the risk of new meniscal tears after anterior cruciate ligament injury.
Hematopoietic progenitor kinase 1 down-regulates the oncogenic receptor tyrosine kinase AXL in pancreatic cancer.
LRIT3 is required for Nyctalopin expression and normal ON and OFF pathway signaling in the retina.
Core transcriptional regulatory circuits in prion diseases.
Pcdhbeta deficiency affects hippocampal CA1 ensemble activity and contextual fear discrimination.
Variations in rest-activity rhythm are associated with clinically measured disease severity in Parkinson \' s disease.
Dextromethorphan Protect the Valproic Acid Induced Downregulation of Neutrophils in Patients with Bipolar Disorder.
ALDH2 Gene: Its Effects on the Neuropsychological Functions in Patients with Opioid Use Disorder Undergoing Methadone Maintenance Treatment.
Using rat ultrasonic vocalization to study the neurobiology of emotion: from basic science to the development of novel therapeutics for affective disorders.
Skeletal deterioration in COL2A1-related spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia occurs prior to osteoarthritis.
Electrophysiological biomarkers of antidepressant response to ketamine in treatment-resistant depression: Gamma power and long-term potentiation.
Constitutive activity of 5-HT receptors: Factual analysis.
Cholinesterase inhibitors in patients with diabetes mellitus and dementia: an open-cohort study of ~23 000 patients from the Swedish Dementia Registry.
Comparing Adaptive Radiations Across Space, Time, and Taxa.
Unplanned Hospital Care Use in Older Adults: The Role of Psychological and Social Well-Being.
Long-term re-procedure rate after mid-urethral slings for stress urinary incontinence.
Identification of Xanthones from the Mangosteen Pericarp that Inhibit the Growth of Ralstonia solanacearum.
Visual Acuity and Foveal Structure in Eyes with Fragmented Foveal Avascular Zones.
Delineating the Rules for Structural Adaptation of Membrane-Associated Proteins to Evolutionary Changes in Membrane Lipidome.
Cyclin-Dependent Kinase 5-Dependent BAG3 Degradation Modulates Synaptic Protein Turnover.
The immune remodel: Weight loss-mediated inflammatory changes to obesity.
The mutual interplay of gut microbiota, diet and human disease.
What is a multisensory cortex? A laminar, connectional, and functional study of a ferret temporal cortical multisensory area.
Activation of Different Heterodimers of TLR2 Distinctly Mediates Pain and Itch.
Vagal sensory neurons drive mucous cell metaplasia.
Clinical implications of oxidative stress in schizophrenia: Acute relapse and chronic stable phase.
Deciphering anti-MOG IgG antibodies: Clinical and radiological spectrum, and comparison of antibody detection assays.
Inhibitory potential of plant secondary metabolites on anti-Parkinsonian drug targets: Relevance to pathophysiology, and motor and non-motor behavioural abnormalities.
Convergent neural representations of experimentally-induced acute pain in healthy volunteers: A large-scale fMRI meta-analysis.
First molecular detection of Onchocerca flexuosa (Wedl, 1856) in red deer in Slovakia.
Structure of an Arc-ane virus-like capsid.
Measurement and State-Dependent Modulation of Hypoglossal Motor Excitability and Responsivity In-Vivo.
Role of p90 ribosomal S6 kinase in long-term synaptic facilitation and enhanced neuronal excitability.
TLR3 agonists induce fibronectin aggregation by activated astrocytes: a role of pro-inflammatory cytokines and fibronectin splice variants.
A transcriptome-wide antitermination mechanism sustaining identity of embryonic stem cells.
An ultra-stable cytoplasmic antibody engineered for in vivo applications.
beta4GALT1 controls beta1 integrin function to govern thrombopoiesis and hematopoietic stem cell homeostasis.
Systematic Evaluation of Chemically Distinct Tissue Optical Clearing Techniques in Murine Lymph Nodes.
Safety of rTMS in patients with intracranial metallic objects.
Altered resting-state dynamic functional brain networks in major depressive disorder: Findings from the REST-meta-MDD consortium.
Oligomerization of G protein-coupled receptors: Still doubted?
Molecular and Regulatory Mechanisms of Desensitization and Resensitization of GABAA Receptors with a Special Reference to Propofol/Barbiturate.
Sphingosine 1-Phosphate Receptor 2 Induces Otoprotective Responses to Cisplatin Treatment.
Downregulated AKT-mTOR signaling pathway proteins in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in Schizophrenia.
Acute stressors and clinical characteristics differentiate death by suicide, accident, or natural causes among illicit and prescription opiate users.
An Axonal Blueprint: Generating Neuronal Polarity with Light-Inducible Proteins.
Molty-Level Regulation: Lysosomes Participate in Developmental ECM Remodeling in C. elegans.
Antidepressant Effects and Mechanisms of Group II mGlu Receptor-Specific Negative Allosteric Modulators.
Perioperative immunonutrition in esophageal cancer patients undergoing esophagectomy: the first meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Autologous Mesenchymal Stem Cell Transplantation in Multiple Sclerosis: A Meta-Analysis.
Genetic and epigenetic editing in : nervous system : .
Microglial activation increases cocaine self-administration following adolescent nicotine exposure.
Unique spatial integration in mouse primary visual cortex and higher visual areas.
Repeated exposure to multiple concurrent stresses induce circuit specific loss of inputs to the posterior parietal cortex.
Differences in frontal network anatomy across primate species.
Activity-dependent calcium signaling in neurons of the medial superior olive during late postnatal development.
Correlative three-dimensional super-resolution and block-face electron microscopy of whole vitreously frozen cells.
Depotentiation depends on IP3 receptor activation sustained by synaptic inputs after LTP induction.
An ABC transporter drives medulloblastoma pathogenesis by regulating Sonic Hedgehog signaling.
Role of the serotonergic system in ethanol-induced aggression and anxiety: A pharmacological approach using the zebrafish model.
Gray-Level Co-Occurrence Matrix Analysis of Granule Neurons of the Hippocampal Dentate Gyrus Following Cortical Injury.
Neuronal Innervation of the Subgenual Organ Complex and the Tibial Campaniform Sensilla in the Stick Insect Midleg.
The Reverse Warburg Effect is Associated with Fbp2-Dependent Hif1alpha Regulation in Cancer Cells Stimulated by Fibroblasts.
Stem Cell-Induced Inflammation in Cholesteatoma is Inhibited by the TLR4 Antagonist LPS-RS.
Advanced network neuroscience approaches in sleep neurobiology on extreme environments.
The search for the engram: Should we look for plastic synapses or information-storing molecules?
Visual Impairment and Major Eye Diseases in Chronic Kidney Disease: The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2005 to 2008.
Divergent neuronal activity patterns in the avian hippocampus and nidopallium.
A stable home-base promotes allocentric memory representations of episodic-like everyday spatial memory.
RvE1 treatment prevents memory loss and neuroinflammation in the Ts65Dn mouse model of Down syndrome.
Gab1 mediates PDGF signaling and is essential to oligodendrocyte differentiation and CNS myelination.
TFAP4-uORF coding 66aa inhibits the malignant behavior of glioma cells via suppressing TFAP4/LINC00520/miR-520f-3p feedback loop.
A [11 C]raclopride positron emission tomography study of dopamine-D2/3 receptor binding in patients with severe major depressive episodes before and after electroconvulsive therapy and compared to control subjects.
Domain-Specific Contributions of Biological Sex and Sex Hormones to What, Where and When Components of Episodic-Like Memory in Adult Rats.
Akhirin regulates the proliferation and differentiation of neural stem cells/progenitor cells at neurogenic niches in mouse brain.
Enzyme replacement therapy in mice lacking arylsulfatase B targets bone remodeling cells, but not chondrocytes.
Glutamate detection at the cellular level by means of polymer/enzyme multilayer modified carbon nanoelectrodes.
Current state of research on non-human primate models of Alzheimer \' s disease.
An efficient analytical reduction of detailed nonlinear neuron models.
GnRH(1-5), a metabolite of gonadotropin-releasing hormone, enhances luteinizing hormone release via activation of kisspeptin neurons in female rats.
Perfect timing: circadian rhythms, sleep, and immunity - an NIH workshop summary.
Cerebellar oscillations driven by synaptic pruning deficits of cerebellar climbing fibers contribute to tremor pathophysiology.
The global burden of falls: global, regional and national estimates of morbidity and mortality from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2017.
Opioid system is necessary but not sufficient for antidepressive actions of ketamine in rodents.
Optogenetic activation of beta-endorphin terminals in the medial preoptic nucleus regulates sexual receptivity.
Beneficial Effects of Bariatric Surgery-Induced by Weight Loss on the Proteome of Abdominal Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue.
Pre-Treatment with Laminarin Protects Hippocampal CA1 Pyramidal Neurons and Attenuates Reactive Gliosis Following Transient Forebrain Ischemia in Gerbils.
Identification of CNS Injury-Related microRNAs as Novel Toll-Like Receptor 7/8 Signaling Activators by Small RNA Sequencing.
Through Reducing ROS Production, IL-10 Suppresses Caspase-1-Dependent IL-1beta Maturation, thereby Preventing Chronic Neuroinflammation and Neurodegeneration.
Large 1p36 Deletions Affecting Arid1a Locus Facilitate Mycn-Driven Oncogenesis in Neuroblastoma.
Parallel Channels for Motion Feature Extraction in the Pretectum and Tectum of Larval Zebrafish.
Hippocampal Ripple Coordinates Retrosplenial Inhibitory Neurons during Slow-Wave Sleep.
Factors related to met needs for rehabilitation 6 years after stroke.
Sex, Blinking, and Dry Eye.
Critical View on the Usage of Ribavirin in Already Existing Psychostimulant-Use Disorde.
Increased mitochondrial DNA copy number protects hair cells and HEI-OC1 cells against drug-induced apoptosis.
Correction to: Progerin-Induced Transcriptional Changes in Huntington \' s Disease Human Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Neurons.
Positron Emission Tomography After Ischemic Brain Injury: Current Challenges and Future Developments.
A review of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for the individualized treatment of depressive symptoms.
A usability study of a multicomponent video game-based training for older adults.
High-yield Production of Amyloid-beta Peptide Enabled by a Customized Spider Silk Domain.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal measures of chitinase proteins in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and expression of CHI3L1 in activated astrocytes.
Neuroimaging of memory in frontal lobe epilepsy.
Prefrontal Regulation of Punished Ethanol Self-administration.
Spatiotemporal mapping of RNA editing in the developing mouse brain using in situ sequencing reveals regional and cell-type-specific regulation.
When do older birds better resist stress? A study of the corticosterone stress response in snow petrels.
How Does Narcolepsy Impact Health-Related Quality of Life? A Mixed-Methods Study.
Expression of Melatonin and Dopamine D3 Receptor Heteromers in Eye Ciliary Body Epithelial Cells and Negative Correlation with Ocular Hypertension.
Delineating the Molecular Basis of the Calmodulin-bMunc13-2 Interaction by Cross-Linking/Mass Spectrometry-Evidence for a Novel CaM Binding Motif in bMunc13-2.
Reduced Sulfation Enhanced Oxytosis and Ferroptosis in Mouse Hippocampal HT22 Cells.
Neuroprotective Mechanisms of Three Natural Antioxidants on a Rat Model of Parkinson \' s Disease: A Comparative Study.
Circulating Endocannabinoids and Mortality in Hemodialysis Patients.
Evaluation of long-term rt-PA effects on bEnd.3 endothelial cells under ischemic conditions; changes in ZO-1 expression and glycosylation of the bradykinin B2 receptor.
SR-BI as a target of natural products and its significance in cancer.
Oxytocin receptor antagonist reverses the blunting effect of pair bonding on fear learning in monogamous prairie voles.
Effect of sertraline on central serotonin and hippocampal plasticity in pregnant and non-pregnant rats.
Ultrastructural and functional changes at the tripartite synapse during epileptogenesis in a model of temporal lobe epilepsy.
Evaluation and Management of the Undescended Testis in Puerto Rico: A Single Surgeon \' s 10 Years of Experience.
The Eighth Day of Creation: looking back across 40 years to the birth of molecular biology and the roots of modern cell biology.
How can we best care for people with dementia with Lewy bodies pharmacologically?
Alpha-synuclein alterations in red blood cells of peripheral blood after acute ischemic stroke.
Alpha-synuclein oligomerization increases its effect on promoting NMDA receptor internalization.
DNA-PK: gatekeeper for IKKgamma/NEMO nucleocytoplasmic shuttling in genotoxic stress-induced NF-kappaB activation.
Temporally restricted dopaminergic control of reward-conditioned movements.
A resource for the detailed 3D mapping of white matter pathways in the marmoset brain.
Entorhinal velocity signals reflect environmental geometry.
Complex economic activities concentrate in large cities.
Default Mode Network Connectivity and Social Dysfunction in Major Depressive Disorder.
A GTPase-induced switch in phospholipid affinity of collybistin contributes to synaptic gephyrin clustering.
TrkB hyperactivity contributes to brain dysconnectivity, epileptogenesis, and anxiety in zebrafish model of Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
The transcription factor NKX2-2 regulates oligodendrocyte differentiation through domain-specific interactions with transcriptional co-repressors.
Data-driven multivariate population subgrouping via lipoprotein phenotypes versus apolipoprotein B in the risk assessment of coronary heart disease.
A Xenotransplant Model of Human Brain Tumors in Wild-Type Mice.
OCIAD1 contributes to neurodegeneration in Alzheimer \' s disease by inducing mitochondria dysfunction, neuronal vulnerability and synaptic damages.
Every-other-day feeding exacerbates inflammation and neuronal deficits in 5XFAD mouse model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Multiple inflammatory profiles of microglia and altered neuroimages in APP/PS1 transgenic AD mice.
FAM134B oligomerization drives endoplasmic reticulum membrane scission for ER-phagy.
Reply to Drs Almendra-Arao and Sotres-Ramos regarding Barnard \' s concept of convexity and possible extensions.
Emergency Physician-Administered Sedation for Thoracostomy in Children With Pleuropneumonia.
Response to commentary on "Therapeutic hypothermia attenuates paraplegia and neuronal damage in the lumbar spinal cord in a rat model of asphyxial cardiac arrest" by Lee et al.,. J Therm Biol 83 (2019) 1-7."
Magnetoencephalographic Correlates of Suicidal Ideation in Major Depression.
Change and determinants of total and context specific sitting in adults: A 7-year longitudinal study.
Corrigendum to  \' Role of serotonin 4 receptor in the growth of hippocampal neurons during the embryonic development in mice \' .
Dynamic Signal Compression for Robust Motion Vision in Flies.
Structural Basis of Teneurin-Latrophilin Interaction in Repulsive Guidance of Migrating Neurons.
Editorial overview: Neurobiology of behavior.
Enhancing Choice and Outcomes for Therapeutic Trials in Chronic Pain: N-of-1 + Imaging (+ i).
HuR stabilizes HTT mRNA via interacting with its exon 11 in a mutant HTT-dependent manner.
CRISPR, Prime Editing, Optogenetics, and DREADDs: New Therapeutic Approaches Provided by Emerging Technologies in the Treatment of Spinal Cord Injury.
The association between sociodemographic characteristics and dementia in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Sodium-Calcium Exchangers of the SLC8 Family in Oligodendrocytes: Functional Properties in Health and Disease.
Ketamine induces immediate and delayed alterations of OCD-like behavior.
Predicting Fazekas scores from automatic segmentations of white matter signal abnormalities.
Oral treatment with Lactobacillus reuteri attenuates depressive-like behaviors and serotonin metabolism alterations induced by chronic social defeat stress.
The behavioral neuroendocrinology of maternal behavior: Past accomplishments and future directions.
The concept of coupling in the mammalian circadian clock-network.
Hyperthermia induced by transient receptor potential vanilloid-1 (TRPV1) antagonists in human clinical trials: Insights from mathematical modeling and meta-analysis.
Peak Expiratory Flow and the Risk of Injurious Falls in Older Adults: The Role of Physical and Cognitive Deficits.
Vitamin C controls neuronal necroptosis under oxidative stress.
Deep Multilayer Brain Proteomics Identifies Molecular Networks in Alzheimer \' s Disease Progression.
The influence of early postnatal chronic mild stress stimulation on the activation of amygdala in adult rat.
Defining molecular identity and fates of CNS-border associated macrophages after ischemic stroke in rodents and humans.
Stillbirth and subsequent pregnancy outcome - a cohort from a large tertiary referral hospital.
Sexual motivation: problem solved and new problems introduced.
Human iPSC-derived microglia: A growing toolset to study the brain \' s innate immune cells.
Emerging roles of the centrosome in neuronal development.
Intravenous immunomodulatory nanoparticle treatment for traumatic brain injury.
Classification accuracy of TMS for the diagnosis of neurodegenerative dementias.
Social context increases ultrasonic vocalizations during restraint in adult mice.
What we can learn from the complex architecture of single axons.
O-GlcNAc transferase inhibits visceral fat lipolysis and promotes diet-induced obesity.
A microRNA signature of toxic extrasynaptic N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor signaling.
HMGB1/RAGE axis mediates stress-induced RVLM neuroinflammation in mice via impairing mitophagy flux in microglia.
Periodontal pathogens and neuropsychiatric health.
Nesting material enrichment reduces severity of overgrooming-related self-injury in individually housed rats.
Locus coeruleus neurons are most sensitive to chronic neuroinflammation-induced neurodegeneration.
Neonatal shaking brain injury changes psychological stress-induced neuronal activity in adult male rats.
Parkin deficiency perturbs striatal circuit dynamics.
Autophagy gene haploinsufficiency drives chromosome instability, increases migration, and promotes early ovarian tumors.
The dental microwear of hard-object feeding in laboratory Sapajus apella and its implications for dental microwear formation.
Temporal association of neuropsychological test performance using unsupervised learning reveals a distinct signature of Alzheimer \' s disease status.
Physiological and Epigenetic Features of Yoyo Dieting and Weight Control.
IL-17A-Mediated Excessive Autophagy Aggravated Neuronal Ischemic Injuries via Src-PP2B-mTOR Pathway.
An Immunological Perspective to Non-syndromic Sensorineural Hearing Loss.
Understanding and Modulating Immunity With Cell Reprogramming.
Specific Vagus Nerve Lesion Have Distinctive Physiologic Mechanisms of Dysphagia.
Third Window Syndrome: Surgical Management of Cochlea-Facial Nerve Dehiscence.
False Recognition in Short-Term Memory - Age-Differences in Confidence.
Psychobiology of Attachment and Trauma-Some General Remarks From a Clinical Perspective.
Childhood Adversity Impairs Theory of Mind Abilities in Adult Patients With Major Depressive Disorder.
A Proof-of-Mechanism Study to Test Effects of the NMDA Receptor Antagonist Lanicemine on Behavioral Sensitization in Individuals With Symptoms of PTSD.
Self-Regulation of the Fusiform Face Area in Autism Spectrum: A Feasibility Study With Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback.
Interactive Effects of Racial Identity and Repetitive Head Impacts on Cognitive Function, Structural MRI-Derived Volumetric Measures, and Cerebrospinal Fluid Tau and Abeta.
A Prism Method for Optical Glomerular Mapping of the Medial Olfactory Bulb in Mice.
Species-Specific miRNAs in Human Brain Development and Disease.
Rack1 Controls Parallel Fiber-Purkinje Cell Synaptogenesis and Synaptic Transmission.
Anterior Auditory Field Is Needed for Sound Categorization in Fear Conditioning Task of Adult Rat.
An Improved in vitro Model of Cortical Tissue.
A Novel 3D-Printed Multi-Drive System for Synchronous Electrophysiological Recording in Multiple Brain Regions.
Swimming in Deep Water: Zebrafish Modeling of Complicated Forms of Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia and Spastic Ataxia.
CRMP2 mediates Sema3F-dependent axon pruning and dendritic spine remodeling.
Correction to: Phosphomimetic Mutation of Glycine Transporter GlyT1 C-Terminal PDZ Binding Motif Inhibits its Interactions with PSD95.
Inhibition of the mammalian target or rapamycin (mTOR): a potential therapeutic strategy for multiple system atrophy.
Cannabidiol-induced panicolytic-like effects and fear-induced antinociception impairment: the role of the CB1 receptor in the ventromedial hypothalamus.
Correction to: Differential disruption of conditioned ejaculatory preference in the male rat based on different sensory modalities by micro-infusions of naloxone to the medial preoptic area or ventral tegmental area.
Astrocytes monitor cerebral perfusion and control systemic circulation to maintain brain blood flow.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomisation analysis provide insights into the pathogenesis of heart failure.
Increasing neurogenesis refines hippocampal activity rejuvenating navigational learning strategies and contextual memory throughout life.
Sex differences in the vulnerability to cocaine \' s addictive effects after early-life stress in mice.
Histochemical and immunohistochemical localization of nitrergic structures in the carotid body of spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Age differences in the fronto-striato-parietal network underlying serial ordering.
Engineered exosomes for targeted co-delivery of miR-21 inhibitor and chemotherapeutics to reverse drug resistance in colon cancer.
Effect of Weight Loss on Upper Airway Anatomy and the Apnea Hypopnea Index: The Importance of Tongue Fat.
Noise analysis of cytosolic calcium image data.
Advances in the Neurophysiology of Magnocellular Neuroendocrine Cells.
Enkephalinergic Circuit Involved in Nociceptive Modulation in the Spinal Dorsal Horn.
Lysosomal Dysregulation in the Murine AppNL-G-F/NL-G-F Model of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol and 2-AG decreases neurite outgrowth and differentially affects ERK1/2 and Akt signaling in hiPSC-derived cortical neurons.
Deliver anti-PD-L1 into brain by p-hydroxybenzoic acid to enhance immunotherapeutic effect for glioblastoma.
Defensive behaviors and brain regional activation changes in rats confronting a snake.
NF155-overexpression promotes remyelination and functional restoration in a hypoxic-ischemic mixed neonatal rat forebrain cell culture system.
Quality of life and functional independence in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A systematic review.
Stressed-Out T Cells Fragment the Mind.
Microvesicles and exosomes in metabolic diseases and inflammation.
Spatial patterns of tau deposition are associated with amyloid, ApoE, sex, and cognitive decline in older adults.
Cardiovascular drug use among people with cognitive impairment living in nursing homes in northern Sweden.
Adaptor protein complex 4 deficiency: a paradigm of childhood-onset hereditary spastic paraplegia caused by defective protein trafficking.
Nitric oxide, asymmetric dimethylarginine, symmetric dimethylarginine and L-arginine levels in psychotic exacerbation of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder manic episode.
The emergence of transcriptional identity in somatosensory neurons.
Burden of injury along the development spectrum: associations between the Socio-demographic Index and disability-adjusted life year estimates from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2017.
Legislative landscape for traditional health practitioners in Southern African development community countries: a scoping review.
Innate signaling within the central nervous system recruits protective neutrophils.
Systemic activation of NLRP3 inflammasome and plasma alpha-synuclein levels are correlated with motor severity and progression in Parkinson \' s disease.
Functional relevance of the multi-drug transporter abcg2 on teriflunomide therapy in an animal model of multiple sclerosis.
Phagocytosis of full-length Tau oligomers by Actin-remodeling of activated microglia.
Macular vessel density versus ganglion cell complex thickness for detection of early primary open-angle glaucoma.
Neuropathic Pain: Mechanism-Based Therapeutics.
Device-Based Modulation of Neurocircuits as a Therapeutic for Psychiatric Disorders.
Outside-in regulation of the readily releasable pool of synaptic vesicles by alpha2delta-1.
BHBA treatment improves cognitive function by targeting pleiotropic mechanisms in transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Dopamine Gates Visual Signals in Monkey Prefrontal Cortex Neurons.
Cognitive and physical markers of prodromal dementia: A 12-year-long population study.
Two-stage Bayesian GWAS of 9576 individuals identifies SNP regions that are targeted by miRNAs inversely expressed in Alzheimer \' s and cancer.
A complete overview of REEP1: old and new insights on its role in hereditary spastic paraplegia and neurodegeneration.
Dopamine transients do not act as model-free prediction errors during associative learning.
Decreased Penetrance of Parkinson \' s Disease in Elderly Carriers of Glucocerebrosidase Gene L444P/R Mutations: A Community-Based 10-Year Longitudinal Study.
Respiratory rhythm generation and pattern formation: oscillators and network mechanisms.
Effects of aminooxyacetic acid on hippocampal mitochondria in rats with chronic alcoholism: the analysis of learning and memory-related genes.
Effects of cellular prion protein on rapid eye movement sleep deprivation-induced spatial memory impairment.
Barriers and enablers in the implementation of a standardised process for nutrition care: findings from a multinational survey of dietetic professionals in 10 countries.
Receptors for pro-resolving mediators are increased in Alzheimer \' s disease brain.
Amphetamine Stimulates Endocytosis of the Norepinephrine and Neuronal Glutamate Transporters in Cultured Locus Coeruleus Neurons.
SWI/SNF complex heterogeneity relates with polyphenotypic differentiation, prognosis and immune response in rhabdoid tumors.
Orthopedic Surgery Triggers Attention Deficits in a Delirium-Like Mouse Model.
Modulation of brain cation-Cl- cotransport via the SPAK kinase inhibitor ZT-1a.
The neurobiology of treatment-resistant schizophrenia: paths to antipsychotic resistance and a roadmap for future research.
Mating behavioral function of preoptic galanin neurons is shared between fish with alternative male reproductive tactics and tetrapods.
Blockage of NMDA- and GABA(A) receptors improves working memory selectivity of primate prefrontal neurons.
Advances in detecting and reducing off-target effects generated by CRISPR-mediated genome editing.
Special Issue on the Neurobiology of aggressive behaviour in the context of ADHD and related disorders.
A new method of recording from the giant fiber of Drosophila melanogaster shows that the strength of its auditory inputs remains constant with age.
Tremor Relief and Structural Integrity after MRI-guided Focused US Thalamotomy in Tremor Disorders.
Profiling of lincRNAs in human pluripotent stem cell derived forebrain neural progenitor cells.
AAVrh10 Vector Corrects Disease Pathology in MPS IIIA Mice and Achieves Widespread Distribution of SGSH in Large Animal Brains.
beta-Sitosterol treatment attenuates cognitive deficits and prevents amyloid plaque deposition in amyloid protein precursor/presenilin 1 mice.
Development of a protocol for maintaining viability while shipping organoid-derived retinal tissue.
The regulatory role of ProBDNF in monocyte function: Implications in Stanford type-A aortic dissection disease.
Synaptotagmin-11 regulates the functions of caveolae and responds to mechanical stimuli in astrocytes.
Increased levels of Abeta42 decrease the lifespan of ob/ob mice with dysregulation of microglia and astrocytes.
Somatosensory Evoked Potentials and Neuroprognostication After Cardiac Arrest.
Age-specific occurrence of pathological fractures in patients with spina bifida.
Radial Glial Cell-Derived VCAM1 Regulates Cortical Angiogenesis Through Distinct Enrichments in the Proximal and Distal Radial Processes.
Structures of virus-like capsids formed by the Drosophila neuronal Arc proteins.
Breakdown of spatial coding and interneuron synchronization in epileptic mice.
The future of stem cell therapies for Parkinson disease.
Complement-Mediated Events in Alzheimer \' s Disease: Mechanisms and Potential Therapeutic Targets.
Unraveling the Plastic Peripheral Neuroimmune Interactome.
A 20-Year Journey from Axonal Injury to Neurodegenerative Diseases and the Prospect of Immunotherapy for Combating Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Socioeconomic status of patients in a Swedish national self-management program for osteoarthritis compared with the general population-a descriptive observational study.
Occupational engagement following mild stroke in the Australian context using the occupational gaps questionnaire.
Plasma neurofilament light chain: an early biomarker for hereditary ATTR amyloid polyneuropathy.
Therapeutic Hypothermia Improves Hind Limb Motor Outcome and Attenuates Oxidative Stress and Neuronal Damage in the Lumbar Spinal Cord Following Cardiac Arrest.
Spontaneous Ultraslow Na+ Fluctuations in the Neonatal Mouse Brain.
Regional Differences in Tight Junction Protein Expression in the Blood-DRG Barrier and Their Alterations after Nerve Traumatic Injury in Rats.
Effects of exposure to chronic uncertainty and a sensitizing regimen of amphetamine injections on locomotion, decision-making, and dopamine receptors in rats.
ErbB4 knockdown in serotonergic neurons in the dorsal raphe induces anxiety-like behaviors.
Whale tear glands in the bowhead and the beluga whales: Source and function.
SK2 channels in cerebellar Purkinje cells contribute to excitability modulation in motor-learning-specific memory traces.
Musical expertise generalizes to superior temporal scaling in a Morse code tapping task.
Machine Learning for Analysis of Microscopy Images: A Practical Guide.
Imaging of Intracellular ATP in Organotypic Tissue Slices of the Mouse Brain using the FRET-based Sensor ATeam1.03YEMK.
Vascularization of self-assembled peptide scaffolds for spinal cord injury repair.
Temporal dynamics of Arc/Arg3.1 expression in the dorsal striatum during acquisition and consolidation of a motor skill in mice.
Modulation of the MAPKs pathways affects Abeta-induced cognitive deficits in Alzheimer \' s disease via activation of alpha7nAChR.
Sleep enhances numbers and function of monocytes and improves bacterial infection outcome in mice.
Altered face scanning and arousal after orbitofrontal cortex lesion in adult rhesus monkeys.
Dravet syndrome as part of the clinical and genetic spectrum of sodium channel epilepsies and encephalopathies.
Persistent alterations in cerebrovascular reactivity in response to hypercapnia following pediatric mild traumatic brain injury.
Postoperative recovery: the importance of the team.
Inhibition of Protein arginine methyltransferase 6 reduces reactive oxygen species production and attenuates aminoglycoside- and cisplatin-induced hair cell death.
Single-Neuron Representations of Spatial Targets in Humans.
Modulation of Flight Muscle Recruitment and Wing Rotation Enables Hummingbirds to Mitigate Aerial Roll Perturbations.
Duration of Untreated Psychosis Correlates With Brain Connectivity and Morphology in Medication-Naive Patients With First-Episode Psychosis.
A terminal selector prevents a Hox transcriptional switch to safeguard motor neuron identity throughout life.
Comparative and Functional Genomic Resource for Mechanistic Studies of Human Blood Pressure-Associated Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms.
Cross-cultural adaption and validation of the Swedish version of the Core Outcome Measures Index for low-back pain.
On the special role of NCX in astrocytes: Translating Na+-transients into intracellular Ca2+ signals.
Evidence-based guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS): An update (2014-2018).
m6A mRNA Methylation Is Essential for Oligodendrocyte Maturation and CNS Myelination.
Cortical Synaptic AMPA Receptor Plasticity during Motor Learning.
Neuroinflammation trajectories precede cognitive impairment after experimental meningitis-evidence from an in vivo PET study.
Adrenergic-melatonin receptor complexes control ion homeostasis and intraocular pressure and their disruption contributes to hypertensive glaucoma.
Neurobiology of BDNF in fear memory, sensitivity to stress, and stress-related disorders.
MHCII-restricted T helper cells: an emerging trigger for chronic tactile allodynia after nerve injuries.
Ultrasound stress compromises the correlates of emotional-like states and brain AMPAR expression in mice: effects of antioxidant and anti-inflammatory herbal treatment.
Sex-specific and opposite modulatory aspects revealed by PPI network and pathway analysis of ischemic stroke in humans.
7T magnetic resonance neurography-ultrasound fusion for peripheral nerve imaging.
Huntington \' s Disease Pathogenesis Is Modified In Vivo by Alfy/Wdfy3 and Selective Macroautophagy.
Considering Drug-Associated Contexts in Substance Use Disorders and Treatment Development.
Norepinephrine from the Locus Coeruleus Regulates Microglia Dynamics During Wakefulness.
Neurochemical Evidence of Preclinical and Clinical Reports on Target-Based Therapy in Alcohol Used Disorder.
TNF Production in Activated RBL-2H3 Cells Requires Munc13-4.
The long noncoding RNA neuroLNC regulates presynaptic activity by interacting with the neurodegeneration-associated protein TDP-43.
A decennial review of psychotraumatology: what did we learn and where are we going?
TRPV4 activation by thermal and mechanical stimuli in disease progression.
Correction to: Impaired adult neurogenesis is an early event in Alzheimer \' s disease neurodegeneration, mediated by intracellular Abeta oligomers.
Unraveling the genetic cause of hereditary ophthalmic disorders in Arab societies from Israel and the Palestinian Authority.
An early phase of instructive plasticity before the typical onset of sensory experience.
Direct observation of dynamic protein interactions involving human microtubules using solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Retinoic acid degradation shapes zonal development of vestibular organs and sensitivity to transient linear accelerations.
Microglia actively remodel adult hippocampal neurogenesis through the phagocytosis secretome.
Grafting embryonic raphe neurons reestablishes serotonergic regulation of sympathetic activity to improve cardiovascular function after spinal cord injury.
Generation, Coordination, and Evolution of Neural Circuits for Vocal Communication.
Revisiting the Stress Concept: Implications for Affective Disorders.
"Chasing the first high": memory sampling in drug choice.
Neuronal fibroblast growth factor 22 signaling during development, but not in adults, is involved in anhedonia.
Somatostatin receptor 5-mediated modulation of outward K+ currents in rat retinal ganglion cells.
2-arachidonoylglycerol reduces chondroitin sulphate proteoglycan production by astrocytes and enhances oligodendrocyte differentiation under inhibitory conditions.
Use Stereoscopic Model in Interventional and Surgical Procedures.
Comparison of Magnetic Resonance Angiography and Computed Tomography Angiography Stereoscopic Cerebral Vascular Models.
Stochastic self-tuning hybrid algorithm for reaction-diffusion systems.
Cortical chimera states predict epileptic seizures.
Whole exome sequencing reveals a de novo missense variant in EEF1A2 in a Rett syndrome-like patient.
Sex differences in brain structure: a twin study on restricted and repetitive behaviors in twin pairs with and without autism.
Optogenetic stimulation of the VTA modulates a frequency-specific gain of thalamocortical inputs in infragranular layers of the auditory cortex.
Deletion of Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3beta in D2 Receptor-Positive Neurons Ameliorates Cognitive Impairment via NMDA Receptor-Dependent Synaptic Plasticity.
Gastroschisis in Finland 1993 to 2014-Increasing Prevalence, High Rates of Abortion, and Survival: A Population-Based Study.
mTORC1 is involved in DGKbeta-induced neurite outgrowth and spinogenesis.
Kainic acid-induced status epilepticus decreases mGlu5 receptor and phase-specifically downregulates Homer1b/c expression.
Length of gestation and birth weight are associated with indices of combined kidney biomarkers in early childhood.
Decreased amplitude and reliability of odor-evoked responses in two mouse models of autism.
Functional neural changes and altered cortical-subcortical connectivity associated with recovery from Internet gaming disorder.
A metabolite-based machine learning approach to diagnose Alzheimer-type dementia in blood: Results from the European Medical Information Framework for Alzheimer disease biomarker discovery cohort.
A narrative synthesis systematic review of digital self-monitoring interventions for middle-aged and older adults.
Identifying quality indicators for prehospital emergency care services in the low to middle income setting: The South African perspective.
Histaminergic interneurons in the ventral nerve cord: assessment of their value for Euarthropod phylogeny.
Erbin in Amygdala Parvalbumin-Positive Neurons Modulates Anxiety-like Behaviors.
Glycan biomarkers for Alzheimer disease correlate with T-tau and P-tau in cerebrospinal fluid in subjective cognitive impairment.
Dominant Role of the Gut Microbiota in Chemotherapy Induced Neuropathic Pain.
Odor-induced multi-level inhibitory maps in Drosophila.
Increased circulatory IL-6 during 8-week fluoxetine treatment is a risk factor for suicidal behaviors in youth.
Contribution of GPD2/mGPDH to an alternative respiratory chain of the mitochondrial energy metabolism and the stemness in CD133-positive HuH-7 cells.
Cross-talk between microglia and neurons regulates HIV latency.
Sex differences in age-related impairments vary across cognitive and physical assessments in rats.
The value of "us"-Expressions of togetherness in couples where one spouse has dementia.
Genome-wide association study of shared liability to anxiety disorders in Army STARRS.
NFIL3 Acts as a Nuclear Factor to Increase Osteosarcoma Progression.
Involvement of Interleukin-10 in Analgesia of Electroacupuncture on Incision Pain.
Updating the picture of layer 2/3 VIP-expressing interneuron function in the mouse cerebral cortex.
Melatonin and melatonergic influence on neuronal transcription factors: implications for the development of novel therapies for neurodegenerative disorders.
New clinical characteristics and novel pathogenic variants of patients with hereditary leukodystrophies.
Functional architecture underlying binocular coordination of eye position and velocity in the larval zebrafish hindbrain.
Studies of the Periciliary Membrane Complex in the Syrian Hamster Photoreceptor.
Live Imaging of Organelle Motility in RPE Flatmounts.
Applications of Genomic Technologies in Retinal Degenerative Diseases.
The Enigma of CRB1 and CRB1 Retinopathies.
Electro-Tactile Stimulation Enhances Cochlear-Implant Melody Recognition: Effects of Rhythm and Musical Training.
Secondary Stroke Prevention After Ischemic Stroke in Patients with Alzheimer \' s Disease and Other Dementia Disorders.
Costs of Inpatient Rehabilitation for Ischemic Stroke in Patients with Dementia: A Cohort Swedish Register-Based Study.
The learning environment and supportive supervision promote learning and are based on the relationship between students and supervisors - A qualitative study.
Continuous deep brain stimulation of the subthalamic nucleus may not modulate beta bursts in patients with Parkinson \' s disease.
Non-invasive stimulation of vagal afferents reduces gastric frequency.
Anxiety makes time pass quicker while fear has no effect.
Pleiotropic pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating polypeptide (PACAP): Novel insights into the role of PACAP in eating and drug intake.
Targeted Complement Inhibition at Synapses Prevents Microglial Synaptic Engulfment and Synapse Loss in Demyelinating Disease.
Abnormal pain sensation in mice lacking the prokineticin receptor PKR2: interaction of PKR2 with transient receptor potential TRPV1 and TRPA1.
Saltatory Conduction along Myelinated Axons Involves a Periaxonal Nanocircuit.
Structural Basis of Human KCNQ1 Modulation and Gating.
Recombinant Human Milk Fat Globule-Epidermal Growth Factor 8 Attenuates Microthrombosis after Subarachnoid Hemorrhage in Rats.
Neuron-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Is Mutated in Congenital Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism.
Deletion of SIRPalpha (signal regulatory protein-alpha) promotes phagocytic clearance of myelin debris in Wallerian degeneration, axon regeneration, and recovery from nerve injury.
Heparan sulfate proteoglycans regulate BMP signalling during neural crest induction.
Transplantation of iPS-derived vascular endothelial cells improves white matter ischemic damage.
Distal Nerve Transfer for Thenar Palsy: A Cadaveric Study.
Advances in the repair of segmental nerve injuries and trends in reconstruction.
Eucalyptol Alleviates Inflammation and Pain Responses in a Mouse Model of Gout Arthritis.
A multiple coefficient of determination-based method for parsing SNPs that correlate with mRNA expression.
Inhibitory cell populations depend on age, sex, and prior experience across a neural network for Critical Period learning.
mTORC1 and mTORC2 Differentially Regulate Cell Fate Programs to Coordinate Osteoblastic Differentiation in Mesenchymal Stromal Cells.
Differentiating external zeitgeber impact on peripheral circadian clock resetting.
Behavioral evolution contributes to hindbrain diversification among Lake Malawi cichlid fish.
Activation of sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor 2 attenuates chemotherapy-induced neuropathy.
ICAM5 as a novel target for treating cognitive impairment in Fragile X Syndrome.
Increased HLA-DR expression and cortical demyelination in MS links with HLA-DR15.
Experimental listeriosis: A study of purinergic and cholinergic inflammatory pathway.
EphB2 receptor forward signaling is needed for normal long-term memory formation in aged mice.
Enantiomeric pairs of meroterpenoids from Rhododendron fastigiatum.
Biological characteristics of transcription factor RelB in different immune cell types: implications for the treatment of multiple sclerosis.
Interference with the Cannabinoid Receptor CB1R Results in Miswiring of GnRH3 and AgRP1 Axons in Zebrafish Embryos.
High fructose diet induces sex-specific modifications in synaptic respiration and affective-like behaviors in rats.
Identification of a novel C-terminally truncated estrogen receptor alpha variant (ERalphai34) with constitutive transactivation and estrogen receptor antagonist resistance.
Zn2+ entry through the mitochondrial calcium uniporter is a critical contributor to mitochondrial dysfunction and neurodegeneration.
Concentration of metals and trace elements in the normal human and rat thyroid: comparison with muscle and adipose tissue and volcanic versus control areas.
Mouse models of uveal melanoma: Strengths, weaknesses, and future directions.
Pathophysiological Functions of the lncRNA TUG1.
Response of Wild Spotted Wing Drosophila (Drosophila suzukii) to Microbial Volatiles.
Chronic morphine-mediated upregulation of high mobility group box 1 in the spinal cord contributes to analgesic tolerance and hyperalgesia in rats.
Consensus Paper. Cerebellar Reserve: From Cerebellar Physiology to Cerebellar Disorders.
Studies on retinal mechanisms possibly related to myopia inhibition by atropine in the chicken.
[Corticotrophin-releasing hormone neurons in the central amygdala mediate morphine withdrawal-induced negative emotions].
Machine learning models to predict onset of dementia: A label learning approach.
Blue light-induced gene expression alterations in cultured neurons are the result of phototoxic interactions with neuronal culture media.
Diverse sleep patterns, psychiatric disorders, and perceived stress in inhalants users living on the streets of Mexico City.
Animal-Assisted Therapy in the Residential Treatment of Dual Pathology.
Neurochemical Characterization of Neurons Expressing Estrogen Receptor beta in the Hypothalamic Nuclei of Rats Using in Situ Hybridization and Immunofluorescence.
Neuronal oscillations of the pedunculopontine nucleus in progressive supranuclear palsy: Influence of levodopa and movement.
Vitamin D receptor rs2228570 polymorphism and Parkinson \' s disease risk in a Chinese population.
No evidence for any effect of multiple sessions of frontal transcranial direct stimulation on mood in healthy older adults.
Fulditoxin, representing a new class of dimeric snake toxins, defines novel pharmacology at nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Human sperm displays rapid responses to diet.
A novel method using ambient glutamate for the electrophysiological quantification of extrasynaptic NMDA receptor function in acute brain slices.
Rational Design and In Vitro Evaluation of Novel Peptides Binding to Neuroligin-1 for Synaptic Targeting.
MASS SPECTROMETRY IN VIROLOGICAL SCIENCES.
Receptor protein tyrosine phosphatases control Purkinje neuron firing.
Lesional and non-lesional epilepsies: A blurring genetic boundary.
Rodent models: Where it all started with these "truths".
Antegrade Balloon Aortic Valvuloplasty for the Highly Frail Patient of Severe Aortic Stenosis Complicated with Transthyretin-type Cardiac Amyloidosis.
Axonal Odorant Receptors Mediate Axon Targeting.
Pupillary light reflex circuits in the macaque monkey: the preganglionic Edinger-Westphal nucleus.
Multimorbidity patterns in patients with heart failure: an observational Spanish study based on electronic health records.
Excessive daytime sleepiness is associated to the development of swallowing impairment in a cohort of early stage drug naive Parkinson \' s disease patients.
Reduced left amygdala volume in patients with dissociative seizures (psychogenic nonepileptic seizures).
Activation of adenosine A2A receptors in the olfactory tubercle promotes sleep in rodents.
Intersex care in the United States and international standards of human rights.
Spinal subpial delivery of AAV9 enables widespread gene silencing and blocks motoneuron degeneration in ALS.
Microglial microRNAs mediate sex-specific responses to tau pathology.
Reciprocal connectivity between secondary auditory cortical field and amygdala in mice.
SMO-M2 mutation does not support cell-autonomous Hedgehog activity in cerebellar granule cell precursors.
Three-Dimensional Microfluidic Platform with Neural Organoids: Model System for Unraveling Synapses.
Prevalence and cardiovascular risk factors of asymptomatic intracranial arterial stenosis: The Kongcun Town Study in Shandong, China.
Modulating the global orientation bias of the visual system changes population receptive field elongations.
Prenatal Ethanol Exposure and Postnatal Environmental Intervention Alter Dopaminergic Neuron and Microglia Morphology in the Ventral Tegmental Area During Adulthood.
Playing the genome card.
Apolipoprotein D: a potential biomarker for cerebral amyloid angiopathy.
Translation and validation of two International Spinal Cord Injury (SCI) Data Sets-a modified process.
Attention can be subdivided into neurobiological components corresponding to distinct behavioral effects.
Translational implications of the anatomical nonequivalence of functionally equivalent cholinergic circuit motifs.
The mind-body problem: Circuits that link the cerebral cortex to the adrenal medulla.
Indices of dentate gyrus neurogenesis are unaffected immediately after or following withdrawal from morphine self-administration compared to saline self-administering control male rats.
Impaired beta-glucocerebrosidase activity and processing in frontotemporal dementia due to progranulin mutations.
Stroke secondary prevention, a non-surgical and non-pharmacological consensus definition: results of a Delphi study.
Molecular biomarkers in multiple sclerosis.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of 2-amino-4-(1,2,4-triazol)pyridine derivatives as potent EGFR inhibitors to overcome TKI-resistance.
The role of the intestinal-protein corona on the mucodiffusion behaviour of new nanoemulsions stabilised by ascorbyl derivatives.
Thalamo-cortical dysfunction contributes to fatigability in multiple sclerosis patients: A neurophysiological study.
A Real-Life Search for the Optimal Set of Conversion Factors to Levodopa-Equivalent-Dose in Parkinson \' s Disease Patients on Polytherapy.
Amyloid-beta as a Blood Biomarker for Alzheimer \' s Disease: A Review of Recent Literature.
VEGF/VEGFR2 signaling regulates hippocampal axon branching during development.
Aberrant calcium channel splicing drives defects in cortical differentiation in Timothy Syndrome.
Leadership in specialist palliative home care teams: A qualitative study.
Isolation of Region-specific Microglia from One Adult Mouse Brain Hemisphere for Deep Single-cell RNA Sequencing.
Neuro-Cells therapy improves motor outcomes and suppresses inflammation during experimental syndrome of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in mice.
Out-of-home care placements of children and adolescents born preterm: A register-based cohort study.
Profilin1-Dependent F-Actin Assembly Controls Division of Apical Radial Glia and Neocortex Development.
Neglected Agent Eminent Disease: Linking Human Helminthic Infection, Inflammation, and Malignancy.
Intestinal Flora Disruption and Novel Biomarkers Associated With Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.
Noninvasive Imaging and Correlative Histology of Cone Photoreceptor Structure in the Pig Retina.
Leclercia adecarboxylata From Human Gut Flora Carries mcr-4.3 and bla IMP-4-Bearing Plasmids.
Global Neuropeptide Annotations From the Genomes and Transcriptomes of Cubozoa, Scyphozoa, Staurozoa (Cnidaria: Medusozoa), and Octocorallia (Cnidaria: Anthozoa).
Intrastriatal Memantine Infusion Dampens Levodopa-Induced Dyskinesia and Motor Deficits in a Mouse Model of Hemiparkinsonism.
Neurobiology of Aggressive Behavior-Role of Autoantibodies Reactive With Stress-Related Peptide Hormones.
Increased Inflammation and Unchanged Density of Synaptic Vesicle Glycoprotein 2A (SV2A) in the Postmortem Frontal Cortex of Alzheimer \' s Disease Patients.
Intrinsic and miniature postsynaptic current changes in rat principal neurons of the lateral superior olive after unilateral auditory deprivation at an early age.
Deconstructing Hunting Behavior Reveals a Tightly Coupled Stimulus-Response Loop.
The effect of standard laboratory diets on estrogen signaling and spatial memory in male and female rats.
The 25(OH)D/VDR signaling may play a role in major depression.
TLR4 (Toll-Like Receptor 4) Mediates the Development of Intracranial Aneurysm Rupture.
Correction to: Risk-adapted therapy and biological heterogeneity in pineoblastoma: integrated clinico-pathological analysis from the prospective, multi-center SJMB03 and SJYC07 trials.
A preliminary study on DRGs and spinal cord of a galanin receptor 2-EGFP transgenic mouse.
Latent turn-on fluorescent probe for the detection of toxic malononitrile in water and its practical applications.
Amiodarone exacerbates brain injuries after hypoxic-ischemic insult in mice.
Assessing the motivational effects of ethanol in mice using a discrete-trial current-intensity intracranial self-stimulation procedure.
Bayesian population receptive field modeling in human somatosensory cortex.
Angiotensin type 2 receptors: role in aging and neuroinflammation in the substantia nigra.
A multi-faceted genotoxic network of alpha-synuclein in the nucleus and mitochondria of dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson \' s disease: Emerging concepts and challenges.
The hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis as a substrate for stress resilience: Interactions with the circadian clock.
YAP promotes the proliferation of neuroblastoma cells through decreasing the nuclear location of p27Kip1 mediated by Akt.
Single-Cell Analysis for Glycogen Localization and Metabolism in Cultured Astrocytes.
Older patients \'  attitudes towards, and perceptions of, preoperative physical activity and exercise prior to colorectal cancer surgery-a gap between awareness and action.
scRNA-seq in medulloblastoma shows cellular heterogeneity and lineage expansion support resistance to SHH inhibitor therapy.
Jatrorrhizine Balances the Gut Microbiota and Reverses Learning and Memory Deficits in APP/PS1 transgenic mice.
Dusp8 affects hippocampal size and behavior in mice and humans.
Biosynthetic CircRNA_001160 induced by PTBP1 regulates the permeability of BTB via the CircRNA_001160/miR-195-5p/ETV1 axis.
Fully Implantable Neural Recording and Stimulation Interfaces: Peripheral Nerve Interface Applications.
Multiple Sclerosis CD49d+CD154+ As Myelin-Specific Lymphocytes Induced During Remyelination.
Brain Invasion along Perivascular Spaces by Glioma Cells: Relationship with Blood-Brain Barrier.
In Silico and In Vivo Analysis of IL37 in Multiple Sclerosis Reveals Its Probable Homeostatic Role on the Clinical Activity, Disability, and Treatment with Fingolimod.
Distinctive Spatial and Laminar Organization of Single Axons from Lateral Pulvinar in the Macaque.
Correction: Sciacca, F. L., et al. Microduplication of 15q13.3 and Microdeletion of 18q21.32 in a Patient with Moyamoya Syndrome. Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2018, 19, 3675.
Autism in Fragile X Syndrome; A Functional MRI Study of Facial Emotion-Processing.
Vitamin B Complex Treatment Attenuates Local Inflammation after Peripheral Nerve Injury.
Network dynamics of Broca \' s area during word selection.
A valepotriate-enriched fraction from Valeriana glechomifolia decreases DNA methylation and up-regulate TrkB receptors in the hippocampus of mice.
Pathway-, layer- and cell-type-specific thalamic input to mouse barrel cortex.
Immunogold Labeling to Detect Streptococcus pyogenes Cas9 in Cell Culture and Tissues by Electron Microscopy.
[Thanks for everything: a review on gratitude from neurobiology to clinic].
Emerging Functions of Histone H3 Mutations in Paediatric Diffuse High-Grade Gliomas.
Nicotinamide Pathway-Dependent Sirt1 Activation Restores Calcium Homeostasis to Achieve Neuroprotection in Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 7.
Sex-Specific Role for Egr3 in Nucleus Accumbens D2-Medium Spiny Neurons Following Long-Term Abstinence From Cocaine Self-administration.
Red Blood Cell Distribution Width Is Associated with Collateral Flow and Final Infarct Volume in Acute Stroke with Large Artery Atherosclerosis.
Potassium channel dysfunction in human neuronal models of Angelman syndrome.
Dosage dependent requirements of Magoh for cortical interneuron generation and survival.
The impact of early language exposure on the neural system supporting language in deaf and hearing adults.
Polarizing receptor activation dissociates fibroblast growth factor 2 mediated inhibition of myelination from its neuroprotective potential.
The association between childhood maltreatment and empathic perspective taking is moderated by the 5-HTT linked polymorphic region: Another example of "differential susceptibility".
The role of the fornix in human navigational learning.
Predicting severity and prognosis in Parkinson \' s disease from brain microstructure and connectivity.
Phrenology: Scheherazade of etymology.
Transition to a Superpermeation Phase of Confined Water Induced by a Terahertz Electromagnetic Wave.
The heterogeneous functional architecture of the posteromedial cortex is associated with selective functional connectivity differences in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Pod-Mod vs. Conventional E-cigarettes: Nicotine Chemistry, pH and Health Effects.
The role of desmosomes in the ear plug formation in the bowhead whale (Balaena mysticetus).
Gut Microbiome and Modulation of CNS Function.
A Memory Computational Basis for the Other-Race Effect.
Inhibition of epileptiform activity by neuropeptide Y in brain tissue from drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy patients.
Rhubarb-Evoke Mucus Secretion through Aggregation and Degranulation of Mast Cell in the Colon of Rat: In vivo and ex vivo studies.
The CHD Protein, Kismet, is Important for the Recycling of Synaptic Vesicles during Endocytosis.
An in vivo RNAi screen uncovers the role of AdoR signaling and adenosine deaminase in controlling intestinal stem cell activity.
Human genetics and neuropathology suggest a link between miR-218 and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis pathophysiology.
Expression of murine CD80 by HSV-1 in place of LAT can compensate for latency-reactivation and anti-apoptotic functions of LAT.
Establishment and validation of an endoplasmic reticulum stress reporter to monitor zebrafish ATF6 activity in development and disease.
FOXO1 regulates developmental lymphangiogenesis by upregulating CXCR4 in the mouse-tail dermis.
Activity in Primary Motor Cortex Related to Visual Feedback.
A Central Amygdala Input to the Parafascicular Nucleus Controls Comorbid Pain in Depression.
The Noisy Brain: Power of Resting-State Fluctuations Predicts Individual Recognition Performance.
Melatonin does not produce sedation in rats: A chronobiological study.
Matrix metalloproteinase-3 in brain physiology and neurodegeneration.
TRPC3 determines osmosensitive [Ca2+]i signaling in the collecting duct and contributes to urinary concentration.
CogEvo, a cognitive function balancer, is a sensitive and easy psychiatric test battery for age-related cognitive decline.
Biallelic loss-of-function mutations in JAM2 cause primary familial brain calcification.
Association of Gray Matter and Personality Development With Increased Drunkenness Frequency During Adolescence.
Data mining for peculiarities in the configuration of neurocranium when the metopic suture persists.
Effects of menopause on sleep quality and sleep disorders: Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging.
Roles for IFT172 and Primary Cilia in Cell Migration, Cell Division, and Neocortex Development.
Copy Number Variation of Satellite III (1q12) in Patients With Schizophrenia.
Psychometric Properties and Validation of the EMOTICOM Test Battery in a Healthy Danish Population.
My Dream, My Rules: Can Lucid Dreaming Treat Nightmares?
QuantiMus: A Machine Learning-Based Approach for High Precision Analysis of Skeletal Muscle Morphology.
Editorial: Mast Cells in Itch, Pain and Neuro-Inflammation.
Neuroligin 3 Regulates Dendritic Outgrowth by Modulating Akt/mTOR Signaling.
Amphetamine and the Smart Drug 3,4-Methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV) Induce Generalization of Fear Memory in Rats.
Phase-Dependent Response to Afferent Stimulation During Fictive Locomotion: A Computational Modeling Study.
Children With Dyslexia and Familial Risk for Dyslexia Present Atypical Development of the Neuronal Phonological Network.
Carvacrol effectively protects demyelination by suppressing transient receptor potential melastatin 7 (TRPM7) in Schwann cells.
Pupillary light reflex circuits in the Macaque Monkey: the olivary pretectal nucleus.
Cas12a mediates efficient and precise endogenous gene tagging via MITI: microhomology-dependent targeted integrations.
Microglial depletion prevents extracellular matrix changes and striatal volume reduction in a model of Huntington \' s disease.
T cells instruct myeloid cells to produce inflammasome-independent IL-1beta and cause autoimmunity.
Publisher Correction: Common brain disorders are associated with heritable patterns of apparent aging of the brain.
The Adult Murine Intestine is Dependent on Constitutive Laminin-gamma1 Synthesis.
Mobile device applications and treatment of autism spectrum disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis of effectiveness.
Testing a MultiTEP-based combination vaccine to reduce Abeta and tau pathology in Tau22/5xFAD bigenic mice.
Intrathecal injection of bone marrow stromal cells attenuates neuropathic pain via inhibition of P2X4R in spinal cord microglia.
Experiences of next of kin to patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis using invasive ventilation via tracheostomy.
Obesity medications in development.
Physical exercise for people with hereditable thoracic aortic disease. A study of patient perspectives.
Applicability of Anti-Human Estrogen Receptor beta Antibody PPZ0506 for the Immunodetection of Rodent Estrogen Receptor beta Proteins.
The Influence of Soft Tissue Therapy on Respiratory Efficiency and Chest Mobility of Women Suffering from Breast Cancer.
4-methylumbelliferone Prevents Liver Fibrosis by Affecting Hyaluronan Deposition, FSTL1 Expression and Cell Localization.
Inhibiting store-operated calcium entry attenuates white matter secondary degeneration following SCI.
Movement context modulates neuronal activity in motor and limbic-associative domains of the human parkinsonian subthalamic nucleus.
tRNS effects on visual contrast detection.
Metabolism: A Burning Opioid Issue in Obesity Therapeutics.
Neuroscience: Reevaluating the Role of Orbitofrontal Cortex.
Neuronal Cytoskeleton: Presynaptic Boutons as Hotspots for Activity-Dependent Microtubule Nucleation.
Primary Cilia Signaling Promotes Axonal Tract Development and Is Disrupted in Joubert Syndrome-Related Disorders Models.
Global ubiquitome analysis of substantia nigra in doubly-mutant human alpha-synuclein transgenic mice.
Motor skill acquisition during a balance task as a process of optimization of motor primitives.
Effects of social subordination and estradiol on resting-state amygdala functional connectivity in adult female rhesus monkeys.
In Vivo Veritas: 18F-Radiolabeled Glycomimetics Allow Insights into the Pharmacological Fate of Galectin-3 Inhibitors.
Transcriptional profiling of microglia; current state of the art and future perspectives.
Quantitative evaluation of iron content in idiopathic rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder.
The Western diet: a blind spot of eating disorder research?-a narrative review and recommendations for treatment and research.
Immunomodulatory role of the extracellular matrix protein tenascin-C in neuroinflammation.
Transcription Factor 4 Safeguards Hippocampal Dentate Gyrus Development by Regulating Neural Progenitor Migration.
Wide-field amacrine cell inputs to ON parasol ganglion cells in macaque retina.
Neuroimaging genetics studies of specific reading disability and developmental language disorder: A review.
Somatostatin interneurons in the prefrontal cortex control affective state discrimination in mice.
Offline ventral subiculum-ventral striatum serial communication is required for spatial memory consolidation.
TRPC5 regulates axonal outgrowth in developing retinal ganglion cells.
Genome-wide analysis identifies molecular systems and 149 genetic loci associated with income.
Age-related changes in eye lens biomechanics, morphology, refractive index and transparency.
Sources of off-target expression from recombinase-dependent AAV vectors and mitigation with cross-over insensitive ATG-out vectors.
Corazonin signaling integrates energy homeostasis and lunar phase to regulate aspects of growth and sexual maturation in Platynereis.
Perineuronal nets protect long-term memory by limiting activity-dependent inhibition from parvalbumin interneurons.
Stress-induced modulation of endocannabinoid signaling leads to delayed strengthening of synaptic connectivity in the amygdala.
Patients \'  experiences of early postoperative cognition and its relation to cognitive decline and inflammatory responses: a protocol for a mixed-methods study.
Extent of the association between self-rated health and place of birth: a cross-sectional study among people at high risk of developing pre-diabetes and diabetes in Sweden.
Survival time tool to guide care planning in people with dementia.
Ataluren for the Treatment of Usher Syndrome 2A Caused by Nonsense Mutations.
2-[18F]FELP, a novel LAT1-specific PET tracer, for the discrimination between glioblastoma, radiation necrosis and inflammation.
Intimate neuro-immune interactions: breaking barriers between systems to make meaningful progress.
Opioids modulate an emergent rhythmogenic process to depress breathing.
Alcohol and Pain: A Translational Review of Preclinical and Clinical Findings to Inform Future Treatment Strategies.
Mitochondrial fusion promoter restores mitochondrial dynamics balance and ameliorates diabetic cardiomyopathy in an Opa1-dependent way.
Metabolic correlates of dopaminergic loss in dementia with lewy bodies.
Hyperammonemia alters the mismatch negativity in the auditory evoked potential by altering functional connectivity and neurotransmission.
PINK1 phosphorylates ubiquitin predominantly in astrocytes.
Metal Binding by GMP-1 and Its Pyrimido [1, 2]benzimidazole Analogs Confirms Protection Against Amyloid-beta Associated Neurotoxicity.
NTS Catecholamine Neurons Mediate Hypoglycemic Hunger via Medial Hypothalamic Feeding Pathways.
Oxidative stress facilitates cell death by inhibiting Orai1-mediated Ca2+ entry in brain capillary endothelial cells.
Spatiotemporal development of spinal neuronal and glial populations in the Ts65Dn mouse model of Down syndrome.
White matter as a monitoring biomarker for neurodevelopmental disorder intervention studies.
The impact of expressive language development and the left inferior longitudinal fasciculus on listening and reading comprehension.
Early white matter development is abnormal in tuberous sclerosis complex patients who develop autism spectrum disorder.
Naloxone-precipitated withdrawal ameliorates impairment of cost-benefit decision making in morphine-treated rats: involvement of BDNF, p-GSK3-beta, and p-CREB in the amygdala.
Pattern of expression of Toll like receptor (TLR)-3 and -4 genes in drug-naive and antipsychotic treated patients diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Ways of understanding the ability to have children among young adult survivors of childhood cancer - A phenomenographic study.
Differential susceptibility of human neural progenitors and neurons to ischaemic injury.
Frailty index and phenotype frailty score: sex- and age-related differences in 5XFAD transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Prefrontal cortex inflammation and liver pathologies accompany cognitive and motor deficits following Western diet consumption in non-obese female mice.
Vitamin D increases remyelination by promoting oligodendrocyte lineage differentiation.
Differential benefits of olanzapine on executive function in schizophrenia patients: Preliminary findings.
Differential cardiovascular responses to cutaneous afferent subtypes in a nociceptive intersegmental spinal reflex.
Projection-specific potentiation of ventral pallidal glutamatergic outputs after abstinence from cocaine.
Cocaine dysregulates dynorphin modulation of inhibitory neurotransmission in the ventral pallidum in a cell-type-specific manner.
Infantile-Onset Syndromic Cerebellar Ataxia and CACNA1G Mutations.
Retrieval-Driven Hippocampal NPTX2 Plasticity Facilitates the Extinction of Cocaine-Associated Context Memory.
Much More Than a Pleasant Scent: A Review on Essential Oils Supporting the Immune System.
Effect of Short-Term Dietary Intervention and Probiotic Mix Supplementation on the Gut Microbiota of Elderly Obese Women.
Prenatal exposure to the pesticide metam sodium induces sensorimotor and neurobehavioral abnormalities in mice offspring.
Na+-dependent transporters: The backbone of astroglial homeostatic function.
A Spatiotemporal Organ-Wide Gene Expression and Cell Atlas of the Developing Human Heart.
Cross-Species Single-Cell Analysis Reveals Divergence of the Primate Microglia Program.
Ultrafast Two-Photon Imaging of a High-Gain Voltage Indicator in Awake Behaving Mice.
Face Representations via Tensorfaces of Various Complexities.
Progerin-Induced Transcriptional Changes in Huntington \' s Disease Human Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Neurons.
Cerebrospinal fluid tau fragment correlates with tau PET: a candidate biomarker for tangle pathology.
Outcome Evaluation of Highly Challenging Balance Training for People With Parkinson Disease: A Multicenter Effectiveness-Implementation Study.
Auditory categorical processing for speech is modulated by inherent musical listening skills.
Clinico-neuropathological features of isocitrate dehydrogenase 2 gene mutations in lower-grade gliomas.
Impact of sunshine on the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in primiparous women.
Deletion of astrocytic BMAL1 results in metabolic imbalance and shorter lifespan in mice.
Molecular and physiological consequences of faulty eukaryotic ribonucleotide excision repair.
Neurophysiological Markers of Alzheimer \' s Disease: Quantitative EEG Approach.
Nicotine enhances auditory processing in healthy and normal-hearing young adult nonsmokers.
Hippocampal connectivity in the aftermath of acute social stress.
IGFBP2 Plays an Essential Role in Cognitive Development during Early Life.
Points to consider: is there evidence to support BRCA1/2 and other inherited breast cancer genetic testing for all breast cancer patients? A statement of the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG).
Analysis of neuronal ensemble activity reveals the pitfalls and shortcomings of rotation dynamics.
Microglia monitor and protect neuronal function via specialized somatic purinergic junctions.
Muscle-derived Dpp regulates feeding initiation via endocrine modulation of brain dopamine biosynthesis.
Tau pathology in the medial temporal lobe of athletes with chronic traumatic encephalopathy: a chronic effects of neurotrauma consortium study.
EphA4 loss improves social memory performance and alters dendritic spine morphology without changes in amyloid pathology in a mouse model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Neonatal body composition: crossectional study in healthy term singletons in Germany.
Diffusion Kurtosis Imaging maps neural damage in the EAE model of multiple sclerosis.
Betaine/GABA transporter-1 (BGT-1) deficiency in mouse prevents acute liver failure in vivo and hepatocytes apoptosis in vitro.
Essential role for InSyn1 in dystroglycan complex integrity and cognitive behaviors in mice.
The basolateral amygdala-medial prefrontal cortex circuitry regulates behavioral flexibility during appetitive reversal learning.
Expression Patterns of Inducible Cre Recombinase Driven by Differential Astrocyte-Specific Promoters in Transgenic Mouse Lines.
The Neural Basis for Response Latency in a Sensory-Motor Behavior.
Intracellular Neuroprotective Mechanisms in Neuron-Glial Networks Mediated by Glial Cell Line-Derived Neurotrophic Factor.
Network topology dynamics of circulating biomarkers and cognitive performance in older Cytomegalovirus-seropositive or -seronegative men and women.
A Three-Dimensional Culture Model of Reversibly Quiescent Myogenic Cells.
Traumatic Brain Injuries: Pathophysiology and Potential Therapeutic Targets.
Mental rotation of sequentially presented 3D figures: sex and sex hormones related differences in behavioural and ERP measures.
Biophysics of high density nanometer regions extracted from super-resolution single particle trajectories: application to voltage-gated calcium channels and phospholipids.
Mimicking age-associated Gadd45gamma dysregulation results in memory impairments in young adult mice.
Auditory selectivity for spectral contrast in cortical neurons and behavior.
The Psychopharmacology of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Preclinical Roadmap.
Multi-scale Imaging Reveals Aberrant Functional Connectome Organization and Elevated Dorsal Striatal Arc Expression in Advanced Age.
Fingolimod (FTY720) reduces viability and survival and increases histone H3 acetylation in medulloblastoma cells.
Intercellular Conduction Optimizes Arterial Network Function and Conserves Blood Flow Homeostasis During Cerebrovascular Challenges.
let-7 MicroRNAs Regulate Microglial Function and Suppress Glioma Growth through Toll-Like Receptor 7.
M1 Intrinsically Photosensitive Retinal Ganglion Cells Integrate Rod and Melanopsin Inputs to Signal in Low Light.
BENZOTHIAZOLE-BASED LRRK2 INHIBITORS AS WNT ENHANCERS AND PROMOTERS OF OLIGODENDROCYTIC FATE.
Low acetylcholine during early sleep is important for motor memory consolidation.
Axon TRAP reveals learning-associated alterations in cortical axonal mRNAs in the lateral amgydala.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of pial collateral blood flow following permanent middle cerebral artery occlusion in a rat model of sensory-based protection: a Doppler optical coherence tomography study.
The Role of Iron Regulation in Immunometabolism and Immune-Related Disease.
Multifaceted circuit functions of adult-born neurons.
IGFBP-2 Signaling in the Brain: From Brain Development to Higher Order Brain Functions.
Current Smoking Does Not Modify the Treatment Effect of Intravenous Thrombolysis in Acute Ischemic Stroke Patients-A Post-hoc Analysis of the WAKE-UP Trial.
Neuronal Membrane Disruption Occurs Late Following Diffuse Brain Trauma in Rats and Involves a Subpopulation of NeuN Negative Cortical Neurons.
Body Size Adaptation Alters Perception of Test Stimuli, Not Internal Body Image.
The Behavioral Biology of Teams: Multidisciplinary Contributions to Social Dynamics in Isolated, Confined, and Extreme Environments.
Editorial: Neurobiology, Clinical Course, and Therapeutic Approaches of Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia: Toward an Integrated View.
A Delayed Advantage: Multi-Session Training at Evening Hours Leads to Better Long-Term Retention of Motor Skill in the Elderly.
A Pilot Study of an In-Home Multicomponent Exergame Training for Older Adults: Feasibility, Usability and Pre-Post Evaluation.
Early Actions of Neurotransmitters During Cortex Development and Maturation of Reprogrammed Neurons.
Spinal V3 Interneurons and Left-Right Coordination in Mammalian Locomotion.
Involvement of Acid-Sensing Ion Channel 1b in the Development of Acid-Induced Chronic Muscle Pain.
Achyranthes bidentata polypeptides prevent apoptosis by inhibiting the glutamate current in cultured hippocampal neurons.
Neonatal Thyroid Stimulating Hormone and Subsequent Diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorders and Intellectual Disability.
Assessing the developmental trajectory of mouse models of neurodevelopmental disorders: social and communication deficits in mice with Neurexin 1alpha deletion.
The Localization of p53 in the Crayfish Mechanoreceptor Neurons and Its Role in Axotomy-Induced Death of Satellite Glial Cells Remote from the Axon Transection Site.
Cannabidiol Improves Cognitive Impairment and Reverses Cortical Transcriptional Changes Induced by Ketamine, in Schizophrenia-Like Model in Rats.
Correction to: MicroRNA-34 Contributes to the Stress-related Behavior and Affects 5-HT Prefrontal/GABA Amygdalar System through Regulation of Corticotropin-releasing Factor Receptor 1.
Expression of P2X receptors in the rat anterior pituitary.
Dexmedetomidine Inhibits Neuroinflammation by Altering Microglial M1/M2 Polarization Through MAPK/ERK Pathway.
Statistical reporting of metabolomics data: experience from a high-throughput NMR platform and epidemiological applications.
Distinct expression of potassium channels regulates visual response properties of lamina neurons in Drosophila melanogaster.
On the early life origins of vulnerability to opioid addiction.
Speaking Up for Fundamental Care: the ILC Aalborg Statement.
Larval mannitol diets increase mortality, prolong development, and decrease adult body sizes in fruit flies (Drosophila melanogaster).
Effects of social defeat stress and fluoxetine treatment on neurogenesis and behavior in mice that lack zinc transporter 3 (ZnT3) and vesicular zinc.
Distinct evolutionary trajectories of neuronal and hair cell nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Direct Mail Recruitment to a Potential Participant Registry.
Capillary blood tests may overestimate ketosis: Triangulation between three different measures of beta-hydroxybutyrate.
Neurobiological changes during the peripartum period: Implications for health and behavior.
A pair of E3 ubiquitin ligases compete to regulate filopodial dynamics and axon guidance.
Neural ensemble dynamics in dorsal motor cortex during speech in people with paralysis.
Intra-arterial Stem Cell Therapy Diminishes Inflammasome Activation After Ischemic Stroke: a Possible Role of Acid Sensing Ion Channel 1a.
Tuberous Sclerosis (tsc2+/-) Model Eker Rats Reveals Extensive Neuronal Loss with Microglial Invasion and Vascular Remodeling Related to Brain Neoplasia.
Transient Receptor Potential Ankyrin 1 Contributes to Lysophosphatidylcholine-Induced Intracellular Calcium Regulation and THP-1-Derived Macrophage Activation.
Expression of deubiquitinating enzyme genes in the developing mammal retina.
Medulloblastomics revisited: biological and clinical insights from thousands of patients.
Taxanes convert regions of perturbed microtubule growth into rescue sites.
Testosterone propionate activated the Nrf2-ARE pathway in ageing rats and ameliorated the age-related changes in liver.
Terminal Schwann cell and vacant site mediated synapse elimination at developing neuromuscular junctions.
SIRT3 Haploinsufficiency Aggravates Loss of GABAergic Interneurons and Neuronal Network Hyperexcitability in an Alzheimer \' s Disease Model.
A systematic capsid evolution approach performed in vivo for the design of AAV vectors with tailored properties and tropism.
Effects of the use of bioceramic wraps in patients with lower limb venous ulcers: A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
Thalamo-cortical network dysfunction in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Accelerometry-assessed physical activity and sedentary time and associations with chronic disease and hospital visits - a prospective cohort study with 15 years follow-up.
Role of MyD88 in IL-1beta and Ethanol Modulation of GABAergic Transmission in the Central Amygdala.
Existing and Emerging Metabolomic Tools for ALS Research.
Attenuation in Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor alpha9 and alpha10 Subunit Double Knock-Out Mice of Experimental Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis.
Barthel Index and modified Rankin Scale: psychometric properties during medication phases in idiopathic Parkinson disease.
alpha-Synuclein BAC transgenic mice exhibited RBD-like behaviour and hyposmia: a prodromal Parkinson \' s disease model.
Activation of micro-delta opioid receptor heteromers inhibits neuropathic pain behavior in rodents.
Alzheimer \' s/Vascular Spectrum Dementia: Classification in Addition to Diagnosis.
Molecular structures of the human Slo1 K+ channel in complex with beta4.
Amyloid and tau accumulate across distinct spatial networks and are differentially associated with brain connectivity.
Cephalopod Biology: At the Intersection Between Genomic and Organismal Novelties.
High intracellular stability of the spidroin N-terminal domain in spite of abundant amyloidogenic segments revealed by in-cell hydrogen/deuterium exchange mass spectrometry.
Transcriptome-based molecular staging of human stem cell-derived retinal organoids uncovers accelerated photoreceptor differentiation by 9-cis retinal.
A System for Tracking the Dynamics of Social Preference Behavior in Small Rodents.
Prion Protein is a Novel Modulator of Influenza: Potential Implications for Anti-Influenza Therapeutics.
Circadian rhythmicity and the community of clockworkers.
Well-being and Thriving in Sheltered Housing versus Ageing in Place- Results from the U-Age Sheltered Housing Study.
Environmental enrichment during the chronic phase after experimental stroke promotes functional recovery without synergistic effects of EphA4 targeted therapy.
G2019S-LRRK2 mutation enhances MPTP-linked Parkinsonism in mice.
Bim contributes to the progression of Huntington \' s disease-associated phenotypes.
Associating Psychotic Symptoms with Altered Brain Anatomy in Psychotic Disorders Using Multidimensional Item Response Theory Models.
DGCR8/ZFAT-AS1 Promotes CDX2 Transcription in a PRC2 Complex-Dependent Manner to Facilitate the Malignant Biological Behavior of Glioma Cells.
Real-Time Value Integration during Economic Choice Is Regulated by Orbitofrontal Cortex.
 \' Prevent undernutrition and prescribe oral nutritional supplements correctly \' : an educational intervention for district nurses.
Play Sports for a Quieter Brain: Evidence From Division I Collegiate Athletes.
Evaluation by metabolic profiling and in vitro autoradiography of two promising GnRH-receptor ligands for brain SPECT imaging.
Mechanisms for Reducing Neuropathic Pain.
Prevalence of Autism Spectrum Disorder in 7-9-Year-Old Children in Denmark, Finland, France and Iceland: A Population-Based Registries Approach Within the ASDEU Project.
Recent advances in mammalian reproductive biology.
MDGA1-deficiency attenuates prepulse inhibition with alterations of dopamine and serotonin metabolism: An ex vivo HPLC-ECD analysis.
Binary Fate Choice between Closely Related Interneuronal Types Is Determined by a Fezf1-Dependent Postmitotic Transcriptional Switch.
Matching stimulation paradigms resolve apparent differences between optogenetic and electrical VTA stimulation.
FoxO3 reverses 5-fluorouracil resistance in human colorectal cancer cells by inhibiting the Nrf2/TR1 signaling pathway.
Sex effects on structural maturation of the limbic system and outcomes on emotional regulation during adolescence.
Resiniferatoxin reduces ventricular arrhythmias in heart failure via selectively blunting cardiac sympathetic afferent projection into spinal cord in rats.
Diffuse or hitch a ride: how photoreceptor lipidated proteins get from here to there.
EEG Spectral Features in Sleep of Autism Spectrum Disorders in Children with Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
A role for leptin and ghrelin in the augmentation of heroin seeking induced by chronic food restriction.
Muscleblind acts as a modifier of FUS toxicity by modulating stress granule dynamics and SMN localization.
Npas1+-Nkx2.1+ Neurons Are an Integral Part of the Cortico-pallido-cortical Loop.
NURR1 and ERR1 modulate the expression of genes of a DRD2 co-expression network enriched for schizophrenia risk.
Age at symptom onset and death and disease duration in genetic frontotemporal dementia: an international retrospective cohort study.
Exploring the incidence and nature of nursing-sensitive orthopaedic adverse events: A multicenter cohort study using Global Trigger Tool.
Neural constraints on human number concepts.
Optic flow-based course control in insects.
Regulation of pain by neuro-immune interactions between macrophages and nociceptor sensory neurons.
Widespread resistance mutations to sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine in malaria parasites imported to China from Central and Western Africa.
End points for sickle cell disease clinical trials: patient-reported outcomes, pain, and the brain.
Quality of Life Improvements in Patients with Lymphedema After Surgical or Nonsurgical Interventions with 1-Year Follow-Up.
Response to: X-linked miR-506 family miRNAs promote FMRP expression in mouse spermatogonia.
Telovelar surgical approach.
Presence of substance P positive terminals on hypothalamic somatostatinergic neurons in humans: the possible morphological substrate of the substance P-modulated growth hormone secretion.
The release of surface-anchored alpha-tectorin, an apical extracellular matrix protein, mediates tectorial membrane organization.
The finer scale of consciousness: quantum theory.
Mobile Geriatric Teams - A Cost-Effective Way Of Improving Patient Safety And Reducing Traditional Healthcare Utilization Among The Frail Elderly? A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Synaptic control of spinal GRPR+ neurons by local and long-range inhibitory inputs.
Regulation of Recurrent Inhibition by Asynchronous Glutamate Release in Neocortex.
A Multi-Cohort Metabolomics Analysis Discloses Sphingomyelin (32:1) Levels to be Inversely Related to Incident Ischemic Stroke.
Neurobiology of the Opioid Epidemic: Basic and Translational Perspectives.
Progression to dementia in memory clinic patients with mild cognitive impairment and normal beta-amyloid.
The pentose phosphate pathway regulates chronic neuroinflammation and dopaminergic neurodegeneration.
The effect of antenatal depression and antidepressant treatment on placental tissue: a protein-validated gene expression study.
Growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) is a potential biomarker of both diabetic kidney disease and future cardiovascular events in cohorts of individuals with type 2 diabetes: a proteomics approach.
From Perception to Action: The Role of Auditory Input in Shaping Vocal Communication and Social Behaviors in Birds.
Deficits in developmental neurogenesis and dendritic spine maturation in mice lacking the serine protease inhibitor neuroserpin.
Impact of natural products on the cholesterol transporter ABCA1.
CCL2-CCR2 Axis Potentiates NMDA Receptor Signaling to Aggravate Neuropathic Pain Induced by Brachial Plexus Avulsion.
Intermittent fasting increases adult hippocampal neurogenesis.
A typical carcinoid of the lung - a case report with pathological correlation and propagation of the cancer stem cell line BKZ1 with synaptophysin expression.
Changes in Proteomic Profiles are Related to Changes in BMI and Fat Distribution During 10 Years of Aging.
Apoptotic Markers in the Midbrain of the Human Neonate After Perinatal Hypoxic/Ischemic Injury.
GABA-Glycine Cotransmitting Neurons in the Ventrolateral Medulla: Development and Functional Relevance for Breathing.
Editorial: Neuronal Calcium Sensors in Health and Disease.
Lowering EphA4 Does Not Ameliorate Disease in a Mouse Model for Severe Spinal Muscular Atrophy.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation to Improve the Dysfunction of Descending Pain Modulatory System Related to Opioids in Chronic Non-cancer Pain: An Integrative Review of Neurobiology and Meta-Analysis.
Comparative dental anatomy in newborn primates: Cusp mineralization.
HMGB1 Is a Therapeutic Target and Biomarker in Diazepam-Refractory Status Epilepticus with Wide Time Window.
Cumulative Dopamine Genetic Score predicts behavioral and electrophysiological correlates of response inhibition via interactions with task demand.
Necrosome complex detected in granulovacuolar degeneration is associated with neuronal loss in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Risk-adapted therapy and biological heterogeneity in pineoblastoma: integrated clinico-pathological analysis from the prospective, multi-center SJMB03 and SJYC07 trials.
The effects of exercise on cardiovascular disease risk factors and cardiovascular physiology in rheumatoid arthritis.
Macrophage-derived CCL5 facilitates immune escape of colorectal cancer cells via the p65/STAT3-CSN5-PD-L1 pathway.
Correction: Defining accelerometer cut-points for different intensity levels in motor-complete spinal cord injury.
Publisher Correction: Development of an optogenetic toolkit for neural circuit dissection in squirrel monkeys.
Ocular dominance plasticity in binocular primary visual cortex does not require C1q.
Association between age-related macular degeneration and subjective cognitive complaints.
RT2 PCR array screening reveals distinct perturbations in DNA damage response signaling in FUS-associated motor neuron disease.
Contributing factors to quality of life after vertebral artery dissection: a prospective comparative study.
Conditional Deletion of LRP1 Leads to Progressive Loss of Recombined NG2-Expressing Oligodendrocyte Precursor Cells in a Novel Mouse Model.
Quantitative In Vivo Proteomics of Metformin Response in Liver Reveals AMPK-Dependent and -Independent Signaling Networks.
YAP/TAZ Activation Drives Uveal Melanoma Initiation and Progression.
Sox17 Regulates a Program of Oligodendrocyte Progenitor Cell Expansion and Differentiation during Development and Repair.
The Classical Complement Pathway Mediates Microglia-Dependent Remodeling of Spinal Motor Circuits during Development and in SMA.
Synaptic Kalirin-7 and Trio Interactomes Reveal a GEF Protein-Dependent Neuroligin-1 Mechanism of Action.
Vitamin B6 reduces oxidative stress in lungs and liver in experimental sepsis.
Efficient delipidation of a recombinant lung surfactant lipopeptide analogue by liquid-gel chromatography.
Navigating the challenges of performing anesthesia handoffs and conducting anesthesia handoff research.
A review of efferent cholinergic synaptic transmission in the vestibular periphery and its functional implications.
Adult loss of Cacna1a in mice recapitulates childhood absence epilepsy by distinct thalamic bursting mechanisms.
Brain Rhythms During Sleep and Memory Consolidation: Neurobiological Insights.
Medulloblastoma Genomics in the Modern Molecular Era.
Using the Principles of Multisensory Integration to Reverse Hemianopia.
Feedback regulation of locomotion by motoneurons in the vertebrate spinal cord.
A conserved odorant binding protein is required for essential amino acid detection in Drosophila.
Feasibility of an at-home, web-based, interactive exercise program for older adults.
Gorham-Stout disease in the rib and thoracic spine with spinal injury treated with radiotherapy, zoledronic acid, vitamin D, and propranolol: A case report and literature review.
Transcriptional factor Nrf2 is essential for aggresome formation during proteasome inhibition.
A novel 40kDa N-terminal truncated carboxypeptidase E splice variant: cloning, cDNA sequence analysis and role in regulation of metastatic genes in human cancers.
An Integrated Model of Minor Intron Emergence and Conservation.
The Role of Proopiomelanocortin and alpha-Melanocyte-Stimulating Hormone in the Metabolic Syndrome in Psychiatric Disorders: A Narrative Mini-Review.
Association of rs4680 COMT, rs6280 DRD3, and rs7322347 5HT2A With Clinical Features of Youth-Onset Schizophrenia.
Mitochondrial morphology provides a mechanism for energy buffering at synapses.
Renewed proliferation in adult mouse cochlea and regeneration of hair cells.
Carbon-nanotube reinforcement of DNA-silica nanocomposites yields programmable and cell-instructive biocoatings.
Neurogenic Niche Conversion Strategy Induces Migration and functional neuronal differentiation of Neural Precursor Cells following Brain Injury.
Neurobiological underpinnings of cyberbullying: A pilot functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Diverse Community Structures in the Neuronal-Level Connectome of the Drosophila Brain.
A role of cellular translation regulation associated with toxic Huntingtin protein.
A network of phosphatidylinositol (4,5)-bisphosphate (PIP2) binding sites on the dopamine transporter regulates amphetamine behavior in Drosophila Melanogaster.
Author Correction: Non-invasive, Brain-controlled Functional Electrical Stimulation for Locomotion Rehabilitation in Individuals with Paraplegia.
Adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cells protect against CMS-induced depression-like behaviors in mice via regulating the Nrf2/HO-1 and TLR4/NF-kappaB signaling pathways.
Peripheral Blood-Derived Microglia-Like Cells Decrease Amyloid-beta Burden and Ameliorate Cognitive Impairment in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
The interaction of ceramide 1-phosphate with group IVA cytosolic phospholipase A2 coordinates acute wound healing and repair.
Tissue specific expression of 11BHSD and its effects on plasma corticosterone during the stress response.
Behavior is the ultimate arbiter: An alternative explanation for the inhibitory effect of fluoxetine on the ovulatory homolog model of orgasm in rabbits.
Chronic waterborne exposure to benzo[a]pyrene induces locomotor dysfunction and development of neurodegenerative phenotypes in zebrafish.
[Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase deficiency and anesthesia: importance of a detailed preoperative evaluation].
Dexmedetomidine modulates transient receptor potential vanilloid subtype 1.
Clinical and genetic characteristics of Chinese patients with cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis.
RNA-Sequencing Highlights Inflammation and Impaired Integrity of the Vascular Wall in Brain Arteriovenous Malformations.
The Regional Specific Alterations in BBB Permeability are Relevant to the Differential Responses of 67-kDa LR Expression in Endothelial Cells and Astrocytes Following Status Epilepticus.
EEG time signature in Alzheimer s disease: Functional brain networks falling apart.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor and its binding partner HTRA1 are expressed by olfactory ensheathing cells.
NEUROPEPTIDES AND OLIGOPEPTIDASES IN SCHIZOPHRENIA.
Fear: It \' s All in Your Line of Sight.
The piriform cortex in epilepsy: What we learn from the kindling model.
Intensity of physical activity as a percentage of peak oxygen uptake, heart rate and Borg RPE in motor-complete para- and tetraplegia.
The RXFP3 receptor is functionally associated with cellular responses to oxidative stress and DNA damage.
MINIATURIZATION IN MASS SPECTROMETRY.
mTOR-mediated metabolic reprogramming shapes distinct microglia functions in response to lipopolysaccharide and ATP.
[Modern concepts of pathogenetic therapy of anxiety disorders].
Metabotropic glutamate receptor subtype 7 controls maternal care, maternal motivation and maternal aggression in mice.
Biological bases of suicidal behaviours: a narrative review.
Vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein (VASP) is recruited into dendritic spines via G-actin-dependent mechanism and contributes to spine enlargement and stabilization.
Dark exposure affects plasticity-related molecules and interneurons throughout the visual system during adulthood.
Evidence accumulation during a sensorimotor decision task revealed by whole-brain imaging.
Comprehensive assessment of side effects associated with a single dose of ketamine in treatment-resistant depression.
Delirium-informed care in emergency departments: Diagnosis and beyond.
Circadian sleep/wake-associated cells show dipeptide repeat protein aggregates in C9orf72-related ALS and FTLD cases.
Age-related transcriptome changes in Sox2+ supporting cells in the mouse cochlea.
Chronic pain in children: structural and resting-state functional brain imaging within a developmental perspective.
Demographic and psychosocial factors associated with hair cortisol concentrations in preschool children.
Mechanistic link between right prefrontal cortical activity and anxious arousal revealed using transcranial magnetic stimulation in healthy subjects.
Role of linc00174/miR-138-5p (miR-150-5p)/FOSL2 Feedback Loop on Regulating the Blood-Tumor Barrier Permeability.
Addiction severity modulates the precuneus involvement in internet gaming disorder: Functionality, morphology and effective connectivity.
Hemodynamic responses related to intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells in migraine.
Vagal nerve stimulation as a promising tool in the improvement of cognitive disorders.
Ginkgo biloba extract increases neurite outgrowth and activates the Akt/mTOR pathway.
Histamine induces peripheral and central hypersensitivity to bladder distension via the histamine H1 receptor and TRPV1.
De novo formation of citrate-based fluorophores on N-termini of peptides and proteins in cells and tissues.
CPI-17 Overexpression and Its Correlation With the NF2 Mutation Spectrum in Sporadic Vestibular Schwannomas.
Odor-mediated contextual learning induced memory consolidation and hippocampus development in neonate rat.
Kainic acid hyperphosphorylates tau via inflammasome activation in MAPT transgenic mice.
Isolation and Culture of Oculomotor, Trochlear, and Spinal Motor Neurons from Prenatal Islmn:GFP Transgenic Mice.
Sound frequency dependence of duration mismatch negativity recorded from awake rats.
Enhancing the Therapeutic Potential of Sulfamidase for the Treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis IIIA.
Selection of an Efficient AAV Vector for Robust CNS Transgene Expression.
Five-Minute Cognitive Test as A New Quick Screening of Cognitive Impairment in The Elderly.
Genetic Spectrum and Variability in Chinese Patients with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Vocal divergence is concordant with genomic evidence for strong reproductive isolation in grasshopper mice (Onychomys).
Memory: An Extended Definition.
Diabetes, a Contemporary Risk for Parkinson \' s Disease: Epidemiological and Cellular Evidences.
The Calmodulin Binding Region of the Synaptic Vesicle Protein Mover Is Required for Homomeric Interaction and Presynaptic Targeting.
[Great Footmark of the Late Professor Masao Ito: The Past and Future of the Japan Neuroscience Society].
The Journey to Discovering a Flatworm Target of Praziquantel: A Long TRP.
Voltage Sensor Movements during Hyperpolarization in the HCN Channel.
Decreased cpg15 augments oxidative stress in sleep deprived mouse brain.
Understanding others: The neurobiology of social cognition.
2D electrophoretic pattern of bovine placental proteins during early-mid pregnancy.
Inaudible components of the human infant cry influence haemodynamic responses in the breast region of mothers.
Genetically Directed Sparse Labeling System for Anatomical Studies of Retinal Ganglion Cells.
Ischemia-related changes of fat-mass and obesity-associated protein expression in the gerbil hippocampus.
Comparisons of dual isogenic human iPSC pairs identify functional alterations directly caused by an epilepsy associated SCN1A mutation.
Lowering mutant huntingtin levels and toxicity: autophagy-endolysosome pathways in Huntington \' s disease.
Real-world evidence in Alzheimer \' s disease: The ROADMAP Data Cube.
Dkk1 Controls Cell-Cell Interaction through Regulation of Non-nuclear beta-Catenin Pools.
CaMKII Measures the Passage of Time to Coordinate Behavior and Motivational State.
Discovering Precise Temporal Patterns in Large-Scale Neural Recordings through Robust and Interpretable Time Warping.
Nested Neuronal Dynamics Orchestrate a Behavioral Hierarchy across Timescales.
Impact of cognitive impairment and systemic vascular comorbidities on risk of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999 to 2002.
Repeated Stress Induces a Pro-inflammatory State, Increases Amygdala Neuronal and Microglial Activation, and Causes Anxiety in Adult Male Rats.
Oligodendrocytes modulate the immune-inflammatory response in EAE via TNFR2 signaling.
Dopaminergic and serotonergic modulation of social reward appraisal in zebrafish (Danio rerio) under circumstances of motivational conflict: towards a screening test for anti-compulsive drug action.
Experimental-design specific changes in spontaneous EEG and during intermittent photic stimulation by High Definition transcranial Direct Current Stimulation.
Evaluation of Fluoro-Jade C Staining: Specificity and Application to Damaged Immature Neuronal Cells in the Normal and Injured Mouse Brain.
Defining optimal target volumes of conformal radiation therapy for diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma.
Oligogenesis in the "oligovascular unit" involves PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling in hypoxic-ischemic neonatal mice.
Simultaneous activation of mGlu2 and muscarinic receptors reverses MK-801-induced cognitive decline in rodents.
Advance in Stress for Depressive Disorder.
Advances in Molecular and Circuitry Mechanisms of Depressive Disorder-A Focus on Lateral Habenula.
Health care consumption among adolescent girls prior to diagnoses of sexual abuse, a case-control study in the Stockholm Region.
Assessing the reliability of gene expression measurements in very-low-numbers of human monocyte-derived macrophages.
Neddylation regulates excitatory synaptic transmission and plasticity.
SIPA1L2 controls trafficking and local signaling of TrkB-containing amphisomes at presynaptic terminals.
The Paf1 Complex and P-TEFb have reciprocal and antagonist roles in maintaining multipotent neural crest progenitors.
MeCP2 Represses the Rate of Transcriptional Initiation of Highly Methylated Long Genes.
Single-Cell Profiles of Retinal Ganglion Cells Differing in Resilience to Injury Reveal Neuroprotective Genes.
Controversies in the Science of Sedentary Behaviour and Health: Insights, Perspectives and Future directions from the 2018 Queensland Sedentary Behaviour Think Tank.
On the Critical Issues in Temozolomide Research in Glioblastoma: Clinically Relevant Concentrations and MGMT-independent Resistance.
Shifting between response and place strategies in maze navigation: effects of training, cue availability and functional inactivation of striatum or hippocampus in rats.
Glutamate and dopamine in the VTA participate differently in the acute and chronic effect of methylphenidate.
Dietary phytoestrogens modulate aggression and activity in social behavior circuits of male mice.
Spatial Mixing between Calling Males of Two Closely Related, Sympatric Crickets Suggests Beneficial Heterospecific Interactions in a NonAdaptive Radiation.
Targeting the gut microbiota for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
Autophagy induction in the treatment of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Paternal nicotine enhances fear memory, reduces nicotine administration, and alters hippocampal genetic and neural function in offspring.
Differential Inhibition of Sox10 Functions by Notch-Hes Pathway.
Vascular Niche in Lung Alveolar Development, Homeostasis, and Regeneration.
Contributing to Global Health: Development of a Consensus-Based Whole Systems Research Strategy for Anthroposophic Medicine.
Hedgehog Signal and Genetic Disorders.
Postnatal Feeding With a Fat Rich Diet Induces Precocious Puberty Independent of Body Weight, Body Fat, and Leptin Levels in Female Mice.
Executive Function in Autism Spectrum Disorder: History, Theoretical Models, Empirical Findings, and Potential as an Endophenotype.
Pathways Relating the Neurobiology of Attachment to Drug Addiction.
The Triple Combination Phentermine Plus 5-HTP/Carbidopa Leads to Greater Weight Loss, With Fewer Psychomotor Side Effects Than Each Drug Alone.
Adenosine Triphosphate Release and P2 Receptor Signaling in Piezo1 Channel-Dependent Mechanoregulation.
Pre-treatment With Fasudil Prevents Neomycin-Induced Hair Cell Damage by Reducing the Accumulation of Reactive Oxygen Species.
The alpha1-adrenoceptor inhibitor rho-TIA facilitates net hunting in piscivorous Conus tulipa.
The circadian clock uses different environmental time cues to synchronize emergence and locomotion of the solitary bee Osmia bicornis.
Insights into the 400 million-year-old eyes of giant sea scorpions (Eurypterida) suggest the structure of Palaeozoic compound eyes.
Median raphe controls acquisition of negative experience in the mouse.
Exercise treatment effect modifiers in persistent low back pain: an individual participant data meta-analysis of 3514 participants from 27 randomised controlled trials.
Disrupted intrinsic functional connectivity of the cognitive control network underlies disease severity and executive dysfunction in first-episode, treatment-naive adolescent depression.
Monocarboxylate transporter 1 promotes classical microglial activation and pro-inflammatory effect via 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase/fructose-2, 6-biphosphatase 3.
Insulin resistance and systemic metabolic changes in oral glucose tolerance test in 5340 individuals: an interventional study.
Amyloid, APP, and Electrical Activity of the Brain.
Contribution of extracellular matrix components to the stiffness of skeletal muscle contractures in patients with cerebral palsy.
Altered arachidonic acid-derived inflammatory eicosanoids brain levels in a rodent model of anorexia nervosa.
Cerebellar continuous theta burst stimulation reduces Levodopa-induced dyskinesias and decreases serum BDNF levels.
N-myc downstream-regulated gene 2 deficiency aggravates memory impairment in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Sexual and pairing partner preference in birds and other animals.
Brain oscillatory activity as a biomarker of motor recovery in chronic stroke.
Digging Deeper: An Object Relations Couple Therapy Update.
Antibody-induced crosslinking and cholesterol-sensitive, anomalous diffusion of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors.
Hypothalamic Kisspeptin Expression in Hyperandrogenic Female Rats and Aging Rats.
Spastic paraplegia as the predominant phenotype in a cohort of Chinese patients with adrenoleukodystrophy.
p-Tyrosol Enhances the Production of New Neurons in the Hippocampal CA1 Field after Transient Global Cerebral Ischemia in Rats.
beta2* nAChRs on VTA dopamine and GABA neurons separately mediate nicotine aversion and reward.
Banishing "black/white thinking": a trio of teaching tricks.
Extrinsic and intrinsic representations.
Study partner types and prediction of cognitive performance: implications to preclinical Alzheimer \' s trials.
Development of a CRISPR/Cas9 system against ruminant animal brucellosis.
Enhancement of de novo sequencing, assembly and annotation of the Mongolian gerbil genome with transcriptome sequencing and assembly from several different tissues.
Electroacupuncture Alleviates Paclitaxel-Induced Peripheral Neuropathic Pain in Rats via Suppressing TLR4 Signaling and TRPV1 Upregulation in Sensory Neurons.
Microfluidic Technologies for High Throughput Screening Through Sorting and On-Chip Culture of C. elegans.
MS CD49d+CD154+ Lymphocytes Reprogram Oligodendrocytes into Immune Reactive Cells Affecting CNS Regeneration.
Assessing Affective State in Laboratory Rodents to Promote Animal Welfare-What Is the Progress in Applied Refinement Research?
Exosomal secretion of a psychosis-altered miRNA that regulates glutamate receptor expression is affected by antipsychotics.
Neurobiological research with suicidal participants: A framework for investigators.
RNase H1 and H2 Are Differentially Regulated to Process RNA-DNA Hybrids.
Parallel Accelerated Evolution in Distant Hibernators Reveals Candidate Cis Elements and Genetic Circuits Regulating Mammalian Obesity.
Investigating animal models of optic neuropathy: An accurate method for optic nerve and chiasm dissection in mice.
Brain Gene Expression Profiling of Individuals With Dual Diagnosis Who Died by Suicide.
A quantitative single-cell assay for retrograde membrane traffic enables rapid detection of defects in cellular organization.
SLC4A11 Function: Evidence for H+(OH-) and NH3-H+ Transport.
Assessing the Use of Incorrectly Scaled Optical Coherence Tomography Angiography Images in Peer-Reviewed Studies: A Systematic Review.
Kv1.1 contributes to a rapid homeostatic plasticity of intrinsic excitability in CA1 pyramidal neurons in vivo.
Association between maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus and spina bifida: A population-based case-control study, Finland, 2000-2014.
Cervical dystonia incidence and diagnostic delay in a multiethnic population.
Illuminating Meanings of Thriving for Persons Living in Nursing Homes.
Maternal Type-I interferon signaling adversely affects the microglia and the behavior of the offspring accompanied by increased sensitivity to stress.
Early exposure to antibiotic drugs and risk for psychiatric disorders: a population-based study.
Oligodendrocytes as A New Therapeutic Target in Schizophrenia: From Histopathological Findings to Neuron-Oligodendrocyte Interaction.
Age-Related Intraneuronal Aggregation of Amyloid-beta in Endosomes, Mitochondria, Autophagosomes, and Lysosomes.
Latest advances in aging research and drug discovery.
The impact of long-term exposure to ambient air pollution and second-hand smoke on the onset of Parkinson disease: a review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive and functional status in late-onset Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: Variation on a classic phenotype.
Transition metal nickel prevents Tau aggregation in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Emixustat Reduces Metabolic Demand of Dark Activity in the Retina.
Using Cards to Facilitate Conversations About Wishes and Priorities of Patients in Palliative Care.
Nonpharmacological, Nonsurgical Treatments for Freezing of Gait in Parkinson \' s Disease: A Systematic Review.
Self-care ability and sense of security among older persons when using an app as a tool for support.
Nonhomogeneous Gadolinium Retention in the Cerebral Cortex after Intravenous Administration of Gadolinium-based Contrast Agent in Rats and Humans.
Adolescent maturation of the prefrontal cortex: Role of stress and sex in shaping adult risk for compromise.
Rho Guanine Nucleotide Exchange Factors Regulate Horizontal Axon Branching of Cortical Upper Layer Neurons.
Research Domain Criteria: Strengths, Weaknesses, and Potential Alternatives for Future Psychiatric Research.
kappa-Opioid Receptor Modulation of GABAergic Inputs onto Ventrolateral Periaqueductal Gray Dopamine Neurons.
Affective memory rehearsal with temporal sequences in amygdala neurons.
Dynamics of social representation in the mouse prefrontal cortex.
Pectoral and pelvic girdle rotations during walking and swimming in a semi-aquatic turtle: testing functional role and constraint.
Long-term monocular deprivation during juvenile critical period disrupts binocular integration in mouse visual thalamus.
Circadian clock network desynchrony promotes weight gain and alters glucose homeostasis in mice.
Nanohydrogels Based on Self-Assembly of Cationic Pullulan and Anionic Dextran Derivatives for Efficient Delivery of Piroxicam.
The Role of Maresins in Inflammatory Pain: Function of Macrophages in Wound Regeneration.
Hot new structures of the cold sensor, TRPM8, reveal insights into the fundamentals of cold perception and adaptation.
Dopaminergic neuroprotective effects of rotigotine via 5-HT1A receptors: Possibly involvement of metallothionein expression in astrocytes.
Reliability of the Swedish version of the Evidence-Based Practice Attitude Scale assessing physiotherapist \' s attitudes to implementation of evidence-based practice.
Prognostic Factors and Treatment Options for Patients with High-Grade Chondrosarcoma.
Novel charged sodium and calcium channel inhibitor active against neurogenic inflammation.
Neural bases of the clinical and neurocognitive differences between earlyand late-onset obsessive-compulsive disorder
Structural and functional characterization of buffalo oviduct-specific glycoprotein (OVGP1) expressed during estrous cycle.
Retinal disease in ciliopathies: Recent advances with a focus on stem cell-based therapies.
Reduction of acute mild stress corticosterone response and changes in stress-responsive gene expression in male Balb/c mice after repeated administration of a Rhodiola rosea L. root extract.
Biological membranes in EV biogenesis, stability, uptake, and cargo transfer: an ISEV position paper arising from the ISEV membranes and EVs workshop.
Cytoskeletal makeup of the synapse: shaft vs. spine.
Abeta43-producing PS1 FAD mutants cause altered substrate interactions and respond to gamma-secretase modulation.
TMC1 and TMC2 Proteins Are Pore-Forming Subunits of Mechanosensitive Ion Channels.
Screening Human Embryos for Polygenic Traits Has Limited Utility.
Sonic hedgehog (shh) expression in zebrafish forebrain identifies the teleostean pallidal signaling center and shows preglomerular complex and posterior tubercular dopamine cells to arise from shh cells.
Structures and Molecular Composition of Schmidt-Lanterman Incisures.
The Role of Sulfatides in Axon-Glia Interactions.
Mitochondrial Dynamics in Physiology and Pathology of Myelinated Axons.
Functional Domains in Myelinated Axons.
Iron chelators inhibit amyloid-beta-induced production of lipocalin 2 in cultured astrocytes.
Recurrent SMARCB1 Mutations Reveal a Nucleosome Acidic Patch Interaction Site That Potentiates mSWI/SNF Complex Chromatin Remodeling.
The Neurodevelopment of Autism from Infancy Through Toddlerhood.
Individual-Specific Analysis for Psychoradiology.
Role of transcranial direct current stimulation in bipolar depression: A case report.
Complex dyskinesias in Parkinson patients on levodopa/carbidopa intestinal gel.
Assessment of the potential for pathogen dispersal during high-flow nasal therapy.
Alpha-synuclein oligomerization and dopaminergic degeneration occur synchronously in the brain and colon of MPTP-intoxicated parkinsonian monkeys.
Inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor 2 as a novel marker of vasculature to delineate processes of cardiopulmonary development.
Theta-alpha oscillations characterize emotional subregion in the human ventral subthalamic nucleus.
Value of early detection of left ventricular mechanical dyssynchrony for assessing long-term outcomes.
Psychometric properties of the SCREESCO questionnaire used in a colorectal cancer screening programme-A Rasch analysis.
Dysfunction of the corticostriatal pathway in autism spectrum disorders.
Analysis of the Effect of IL-1beta on Blood-Brain Barrier Permeability in M6 Glioma Mouse Model Using Intravital Microscopy.
Myelin Deficits Caused by Olig2 Deficiency Lead to Cognitive Dysfunction and Increase Vulnerability to Social Withdrawal in Adult Mice.
Olig2 regulates terminal differentiation and maturation of peripheral olfactory sensory neurons.
New Alzheimer \' s disease model mouse specialized for analyzing the function and toxicity of intraneuronal Amyloid beta oligomers.
A retention-release mechanism based on Rab11-FIP2 for AMPA receptor synaptic delivery during long-term potentiation.
In response to the letter "[11C]raclopride and extrastriatal binding to D2/3 receptors".
Pharmacological and biotransformation studies of 1-acyl-substituted derivatives of d-lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD).
A Taxonomy of Brain-Behavior Relationships After Stroke.
Social Transfer of Fear in Rodents.
Cryo-EM structure of the KvAP channel reveals a non-domain-swapped voltage sensor topology.
Genome-wide Network-assisted Association and Enrichment Study of Amyloid Imaging Phenotype in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Segregation of seizures and spreading depolarization across cortical layers.
Neurochemical Organization of the Ventral Striatum \' s Olfactory Tubercle.
Overexpression of Sirtuin 1 protein in neurons prevents and reverses experimental diabetic neuropathy.
Decrease in p3-Alcbeta37 and p3-Alcbeta40, products of Alcadein beta generated by gamma-secretase cleavages, in aged monkeys and patients with Alzheimer \' s disease.
Feature selection with the Fisher score followed by the Maximal Clique Centrality algorithm can accurately identify the hub genes of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Prefrontal cortical ChAT-VIP interneurons provide local excitation by cholinergic synaptic transmission and control attention.
The DNA methylome in panic disorder: a case-control and longitudinal psychotherapy-epigenetic study.
The proteasome regulator PI31 is required for protein homeostasis, synapse maintenance, and neuronal survival in mice.
Attenuating neurogenic sympathetic hyperreflexia robustly improves antibacterial immunity after chronic spinal cord injury.
Motor cortex inputs at the optimum phase of beta cortical oscillations undergo more rapid and less variable corticospinal propagation.
CCB is involved in actin-based axonal transport of selected synaptic proteins.
Pineal progenitors originate from a non-neural territory limited by FGF signalling.
The long-term consequences of repetitive head impacts: Chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
Women \' s Lived Experiences of Chronic Pain: Faces of Gendered Suffering.
Psilocybin-assisted therapy for depression: How do we advance the field?
MEA Recordings and Cell-Substrate Investigations with Plasmonic and Transparent, Tunable Holey Gold.
Platelet Function Changes during Neonatal Cardiopulmonary Bypass Surgery: Mechanistic Basis and Lack of Correlation with Excessive Bleeding.
Early Onset, Long Illness Duration, Epilepsy Type, and Polypharmacy Have an Adverse Effect on Psychosocial Outcome in Children with Epilepsy.
Effect of endurance training on diurnal rhythms of superoxide dismutase activity, glutathione and lipid peroxidation in plasma of pinealectomized rats.
The ethnopharmacological literature: An analysis of the scientific landscape.
Establishing Validity of the Fundamentals of Spinal Surgery (FOSS) Simulator as a Teaching Tool for Orthopaedic and Neurosurgical Trainees.
The Genetics of Neuropathic Pain from Model Organisms to Clinical Application.
Activity-Dependent Transcription Collaborates with Local Dendritic Translation to Encode Stimulus-Specificity in the Genome Binding of NPAS4.
Decreasing Influence of Retinal Inputs on the Developing Visual Cortex.
Nanoscale Location Matters: Emerging Principles of Ca2+ Channel Organization at the Presynaptic Active Zone.
Modulation of cellular reactivity for enhanced cell-based biosensing.
Non-pharmacological Approach in the Management of Funcioanl Dyspepsia.
Peripheral Microvascular Serotoninergic Signaling is Dysregulated in Young Adults with Major Depressive Disorder.
Immediate Changes in Peripapillary Retinal Vasculature after Intraocular Pressure Elevation -an Optical Coherence Tomography Angiography Study.
Multilayered N-glycoproteome profiling reveals highly heterogeneous and dysregulated protein N-glycosylation related to Alzheimer \' s disease.
Acetyltransferase GCN5 regulates autophagy and lysosome biogenesis by targeting TFEB.
Self-Immolative Activation of beta-Galactosidase-Responsive Probes for In Vivo MR Imaging in Mouse Models.
Cocaine and chronic stress exposure produce an additive increase in neuronal activity in the basolateral amygdala.
From monitoring to action: utilising health survey data in national policy development and implementation in Finland.
Behavioral Responses to Uncertainty in Weight-Restored Anorexia Nervosa - Preliminary Results.
Gpr158 Deficiency Impacts Hippocampal CA1 Neuronal Excitability, Dendritic Architecture, and Affects Spatial Learning.
Decrease of GSK-3beta Activity in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex of Shank3b -/- Mice Contributes to Synaptic and Social Deficiency.
Assessing behavior and cognition in rodents, nonhuman primates, and humans: where are the limits of translation? : .
Effects of calcium-binding sites in the S2-S3 loop on human and Nematostella vectensis TRPM2 channel gating processes.
Exploring website gist through rapid serial visual presentation.
Preschool Depression: a Diagnostic Reality.
Sensorimotor experience remaps visual input to a heading-direction network.
PCSK9 inhibition as a novel therapeutic target for alcoholic liver disease.
Pattern separation and source memory engage distinct hippocampal and neocortical regions during retrieval.
The role of education in the association between self-rated health and levels of C-reactive protein: a cross-sectional study in rural areas of China.
NeuroEVs: Characterizing Extracellular Vesicles Generated in the Neural Domain.
The Neural Basis of Dim-Light Vision in Echolocating Bats.
Suppressing Aneuploidy-Associated Phenotypes Improves the Fitness of Trisomy 21 Cells.
Gain Modulation by Corticostriatal and Thalamostriatal Input Signals during Reward-Conditioned Behavior.
Interleukin-17 Regulates Neuron-Glial Communications, Synaptic Transmission, and Neuropathic Pain after Chemotherapy.
3D Cellular Architecture Modulates Tyrosine Kinase Activity, Thereby Switching CD95-Mediated Apoptosis to Survival.
ASL Metabolically Regulates Tyrosine Hydroxylase in the Nucleus Locus Coeruleus.
Trends in the incidence, rate and treatment of miscarriage-nationwide register-study in Finland, 1998-2016.
The Evolution of Neuroscience as a Research Field Relevant to Dentistry.
Altered Nurr1 protein expression in the hippocampal CA1 region following transient global cerebral ischemia.
Attachment-specific speech patterns induce dysphoric mood changes in the listener as a function of individual differences in attachment characteristics and psychopathology.
Corrigendum: The impact of stroke on people living in central Uganda: A descriptive study.
Genotype-dependent epigenetic regulation of DLGAP2 in alcohol use and dependence.
Novel role for mineralocorticoid receptors in control of a neuronal phenotype.
Neural correlates of the DMT experience assessed with multivariate EEG.
Studies on APP metabolism related to age-associated mitochondrial dysfunction in APP/PS1 transgenic mice.
Cdk5-dependent phosphorylation of Cav3.2 T-type channels: possible role in nerve ligation-induced neuropathic allodynia and the compound action potential in primary afferent C-fibers.
Differences in GluN2B-containing NMDA receptors result in distinct long-term plasticity at ipsilateral vs. contralateral cortico-striatal synapses.
Interrelationships of factors of social development are more complex than Life History Theory predicts.
JNER at 15 years: analysis of the state of neuroengineering and rehabilitation.
Adult neurogenesis in epileptogenesis: An update for preclinical finding and potential clinical translation.
The role of the nucleus accumbens OXR1 in cocaine-induced locomotor sensitization.
The Biology of General Anesthesia from Paramecium to Primate.
Bmal1-deficiency affects glial synaptic coverage of the hippocampal mossy fiber synapse and the actin cytoskeleton in astrocytes.
Detecting Prolonged Sitting Bouts with the ActiGraph GT3X.
Elevating acetyl-CoA levels reduces aspects of brain aging.
The NLRP3 Inflammasome and Its Role in Sepsis Development.
Phosphomimetic Mutation of Glycine Transporter GlyT1 C-Terminal PDZ Binding Motif Inhibits its Interactions with PSD95.
Contralateral cervical seventh nerve transfer for spastic arm paralysis via a modified prespinal route: a cadaveric study.
Prestimulus Activity in the Cingulo-Opercular Network Predicts Memory for Naturalistic Episodic Experience.
Analysis of short tandem repeat expansions and their methylation state with nanopore sequencing.
Comparative genetic architectures of schizophrenia in East Asian and European populations.
Neurobiological functions of transcriptional enhancers.
MicroRNA mediators of early life stress vulnerability to depression and suicidal behavior.
Probing the motivational circuitry of binge eating.
Systematic mutation analysis in rare colorectal cancer presenting ovarian metastases.
Prenatal nicotine sex-dependently alters adolescent dopamine system development.
Instrumental assessment of balance and gait in depression: A systematic review.
Humanitarian migrant women \' s experiences of maternity care in Nordic countries: A systematic integrative review of qualitative research.
Dimethyl Fumarate Reduces Microglia Functional Response to Tissue Damage and Favors Brain Iron Homeostasis.
Threat-of-shock Decreases Emotional Interference on Affective Stroop Performance in Healthy Controls and Anxiety Patients.
Discovery of a highly selective and potent kappa opioid receptor agonist from N-cyclopropylmethyl-7alpha-phenyl-6,14-endoethano-tetrahydro- northebaines with reduced central nervous system (CNS) side effects navigated by the message-address concept.
Wnt signaling contributes to withdrawal symptoms from opioid receptor activation induced by morphine exposure or chronic inflammation.
Oral delivery of lycopene-loaded microemulsion for brain-targeting: preparation, characterization, pharmacokinetic evaluation and tissue distribution.
A unified brain system of orientation and its disruption in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Photoexcited Toluidine Blue Inhibits Tau Aggregation in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
STAT3 Regulates miR-384 Transcription During Th17 Polarization.
Nrf2 Overexpression for the Protective Effect of Skin-Derived Precursors against UV-Induced Damage: Evidence from a Three-Dimensional Skin Model.
Human Umbilical Cord Mesenchymal Stem Cells Attenuate Ocular Hypertension-Induced Retinal Neuroinflammation via Toll-Like Receptor 4 Pathway.
Regulation of Neural Stem Cell Proliferation and Differentiation by Graphene-Based Biomaterials.
Tryptophan Metabolism in Inflammaging: From Biomarker to Therapeutic Target.
Exercise-Induced Neuroprotection and Recovery of Motor Function in Animal Models of Parkinson \' s Disease.
Amyloid Beta Oligomers Target to Extracellular and Intracellular Neuronal Synaptic Proteins in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Editorial: Recent Advances on the Multimodal Search for Markers of Treatment Response in Affective Disorders: From Bench to Bedside?
The Circadian Clock Improves Fitness in the Fruit Fly, Drosophila melanogaster.
Error-Related Dynamics of Reaction Time and Frontal Midline Theta Activity in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) During a Subliminal Motor Priming Task.
Generalization of Object Localization From Whiskers to Other Body Parts in Freely Moving Rats.
Biomarkers Obtained by Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation of the Motor Cortex in Epilepsy.
State-Dependent Entrainment of Prefrontal Cortex Local Field Potential Activity Following Patterned Stimulation of the Cerebellar Vermis.
White Matter Language Pathways and Language Performance in Healthy Adults Across Ages.
Dietary Supplementation With the Ketogenic Diet Metabolite Beta-Hydroxybutyrate Ameliorates Post-TBI Aggression in Young-Adult Male Drosophila.
NPY Receptor 2 Mediates NPY Antidepressant Effect in the mPFC of LPS Rat by Suppressing NLRP3 Signaling Pathway.
A stochastic framework of neurogenesis underlies the assembly of neocortical cytoarchitecture.
Long-term dementia risk prediction by the LIBRA score: a 30-year follow-up of the CAIDE study.
Eye Movement Dynamics Differ between Encoding and Recognition of Faces.
Temporal Limits of Visual Motion Processing: Psychophysics and Neurophysiology.
Polymodal Nociception in Drosophila Requires Alternative Splicing of TrpA1.
Periodic Remodeling in a Neural Circuit Governs Timing of Female Sexual Behavior.
Apathy and anxiety are early markers of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Behaviour, biology and evolution of vocal learning in bats.
The neurobiology of innate, volitional and learned vocalizations in mammals and birds.
What can animal communication teach us about human language?
Hierarchy processing in human neurobiology: how specific is it?
White matter connectometry among individuals with self-reported family history of drug and alcohol use disorders.
Exploring circannual rhythms and chronotype effect in patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Tic Disorder (OCTD): A pilot study.
A randomized controlled pilot study of the effects of 6-week high intensity hatha yoga protocol on health-related outcomes among students.
Effects of a mindfulness based childbirth and parenting program on pregnant women \' s perceived stress and risk of perinatal depression-Results from a randomized controlled trial.
Oxytocin protects against 3-NP induced learning and memory impairment in rats: sex differences in behavioral and molecular responses to the context of prenatal stress.
Stanniocalcin-1 ameliorates cerebral ischemia by decrease oxidative stress and blood brain barrier permeability.
Long-term memory is maintained by continuous activity of Arp2/3 in lateral amygdala.
Ketamine for acute suicidal ideation. An emergency department intervention: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, proof-of-concept trial.
EEG Measures Reveal a Selective Disruption of Cognitive Control Processes in Craving Cigarette Smokers.
Analysis of Density Changes of Selected Brain Receptors After a 14-Day Supply of Chromium(III) and Evaluation of Chromium(III) Affinity to Selected Receptors and Transporters.
The kynurenine pathway and bipolar disorder: intersection of the monoaminergic and glutamatergic systems and immune response.
Exercise opens a temporal window for enhanced cognitive improvement from subsequent physical activity.
Learning optimal decisions with confidence.
Body map proto-organization in newborn macaques.
Chronic uphill and downhill exercise protocols do not lead to sarcomerogenesis in mouse skeletal muscle.
Mechanisms Underlying the Hyperexcitability of CA3 and Dentate Gyrus Hippocampal Neurons Derived From Patients With Bipolar Disorder.
What are the later life contributions to reserve, resilience, and compensation?
Cingulate cortex in the three limbic subsystems.
The cingulate cortex in neurologic diseases: History, Structure, Overview.
Cingulate impairments in ADHD: Comorbidities, connections, and treatment.
The role of the anterior and midcingulate cortex in the neurobiology of functional neurologic disorder.
Cingulate cortex in Parkinson \' s disease.
Cingulate-basal ganglia-thalamo-cortical aspects of catatonia and implications for treatment.
Impact of mild traumatic brain injury on cingulate functions.
The Composition of Fatty Acids in Ostrich Meat Influenced by the Type of Packaging and Refrigerated Storage.
Carboxypeptidase E- N Promotes Proliferation and Invasion of Pancreatic Cancer Cells via Upregulation of CXCR2 Gene Expression.
Expression of Developmentally Important Axon Guidance Cues in the Adult Optic Chiasm.
The change of PD1, PDL1 in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis treated by 1,25(OH)2D3.
Non-immunogenic, low-toxicity and effective glioma targeting MTI-31 liposomes.
Correction to: Transcriptome of the caribbean stony coral Porites astreoides from three developmental stages.
Non-sedating benzodiazepines cause paralysis and tissue damage in the parasitic blood fluke Schistosoma mansoni.
Treatment of the bone marrow stromal stem cell supernatant by nasal administration-a new approach to EAE therapy.
Sorting Nexin 11 (SNX11) Knockout Mice Exhibit Enhanced Thermosensing Behaviour.
Generation of PECAM-1 (CD31) conditional knockout mice.
Shaping of discrete auditory inputs to extramodular zones of the lateral cortex of the inferior colliculus.
Early dorsomedial tissue interactions regulate gyrification of distal neocortex.
Enhanced striatal and prefrontal activity is associated with individual differences in nonreinforced preference change for faces.
Alterations of perineuronal nets in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex of neuropsychiatric patients.
Liver-derived FGF21 is essential for full adaptation to ketogenic diet but does not regulate glucose homeostasis.
Successful treatment of non-HIV progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy: case report and literature review.
The Emotional Facet of Subjective and Neural Indices of Similarity.
From Bicuspid to Quadricuspid Aortic Valve: The Clinical Case of a 38-year-old Woman with Chest Pain.
Dandelion-Like Tailorable Nanoparticles for Tumor Microenvironment Modulation.
Publisher Correction: Innovative mouse model mimicking human-like features of spinal cord injury: efficacy of Docosahexaenoic acid on acute and chronic phases.
Discovery of a potent small molecule inhibiting Huntington \' s disease (HD) pathogenesis via targeting CAG repeats RNA and Poly Q protein.
Dendritic spine morphology and memory formation depend on postsynaptic Caskin proteins.
The analgesic effect of refeeding on acute and chronic inflammatory pain.
Transplanted interneurons improve memory precision after traumatic brain injury.
Brain cell type-specific enhancer-promoter interactome maps and disease risk association.
Imaging the dynamic recruitment of monocytes to the blood-brain barrier and specific brain regions during Toxoplasma gondii infection.
Ultra-High-Field Targeted Imaging of Focal Cortical Dysplasia: The Intracortical Black Line Sign in Type IIb.
Clinically stable disease is associated with a lower risk of both income loss and disability pension for patients with multiple sclerosis.
A Critical Role for Neocortical Processing of Threat Memory.
Elevated expression of unfolded protein response genes in the prefrontal cortex of depressed subjects: Effect of suicide.
Behavioral symptomatology and psychopharmacology of Lewy body dementia.
Psychopharmacology of sleep disorders.
NG2 glia regulate brain innate immunity via TGF-beta2/TGFBR2 axis.
Design and structural characterisation of olfactomedin-1 variants as tools for functional studies.
Survival and Integration of Transplanted Olfactory Ensheathing Cells are Crucial for Spinal Cord Injury Repair: Insights from the Last 10 Years of Animal Model Studies.
Combinatory Multifactor Treatment Effects on Primary Nanofiber Oligodendrocyte Cultures.
Real-time monitoring and regulating auditory cortex alpha activity in patients with chronic tinnitus.
Circulating exosomal microRNAs in bipolar disorder.
Long-term effects of the glucocorticoid receptor modulator cort 113176 in murine motoneuron degeneration.
Total absence of dystrophin expression exacerbates ectopic myofiber calcification, fibrosis, and alters macrophage infiltration patterns.
Neuron types in the zebrafish optic tectum labeled by an id2b transgene.
Induced abortion and future use of IVF treatment; A nationwide register study.
Non-equilibrium critical dynamics of bursts in theta and delta rhythms as fundamental characteristic of sleep and wake micro-architecture.
Olfactory bulbectomy and raphe nucleus relationship: a new vision for well-known depression model.
Limited value of NT-proBNP as a prognostic marker of all-cause mortality in patients with heart failure with preserved and mid-range ejection fraction in primary care: A report from the swedish heart failure register.
Characteristics Associated with a History of Physical and Sexual Abuse in a Community Corrections Sample.
Patients \'  ideas, concerns, expectations and satisfaction in primary health care - a questionnaire study of patients and health care professionals \'  perspectives.
A prospective study on risk factors for olfactory dysfunction in aging.
Lithium treatment reverses irradiation-induced changes in rodent neural progenitors and rescues cognition.
Neurogenesis and prolongevity signaling in young germ-free mice transplanted with the gut microbiota of old mice.
Female-Specific Effects of CGRP Suggest Limited Efficacy of New Migraine Treatments in Males.
Symptom Burden in Patients With Home Care Who Are at Risk for Malnutrition: A Cross-Sectional Study.
The mitochondrial calcium uniporter is crucial for the generation of fast cortical network rhythms.
Altered brain connectivity in sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP) revealed using resting-state fMRI.
Intrathecal administration of SRT1720 relieves bone cancer pain by inhibiting the CREB/CRTC1 signalling pathway.
The Axonal Membrane Protein PRG2 Inhibits PTEN and Directs Growth to Branches.
Abnormal Striatal Development Underlies the Early Onset of Behavioral Deficits in Shank3B-/- Mice.
Chromatin Environment and Cellular Context Specify Compensatory Activity of Paralogous MEF2 Transcription Factors.
Sam68 Enables Metabotropic Glutamate Receptor-Dependent LTD in Distal Dendritic Regions of CA1 Hippocampal Neurons.
Emotional behavior in aquatic organisms? Lessons from crayfish and zebrafish.
alpha-Synuclein Promotes Maturation of Immature Juxtaglomerular Neurons in the Mouse Olfactory Bulb.
Annexin-1 Mimetic Peptide Ac2-26 Suppresses Inflammatory Mediators in LPS-Induced Astrocytes and Ameliorates Pain Hypersensitivity in a Rat Model of Inflammatory Pain.
Long-term exposure to daily ethanol injections in DBA/2J and Swiss mice: Lessons for the interpretation of ethanol sensitization.
Mechanism of the Hypoglycemic Activity and Hepatoprotective Effect of the Aqueous Extract of Cecropia obtusifolia Bertol.
Sociability development in mice with cell-specific deletion of the NMDA receptor NR1 subunit gene.
RNA toxicity in non-coding repeat expansion disorders.
Characterization of striatal phenotypes in heterozygous Disc1 mutant mice, a model of haploinsufficiency.
Increased density and age-related sharing of synapses at the cone to OFF bipolar cell synapse in the mouse retina.
Temporal and Spatial Dynamics of Astroglial Reaction and Immune Response in Cuprizone-Induced Demyelination.
Motor Neurons Pathology After Chronic Exposure to MPTP in Mice.
MES23.5 DA Immortalized Neuroblastoma Cells Self-protect Against Early Injury by Overexpressing Glial Cell-derived Neurotrophic Factor via Akt1/Eya1/Six2 Signaling.
The underestimated giants: operant conditioning, visual discrimination and long-term memory in giant tortoises.
Chloroform is a potent activator of cardiac and neuronal Kir3 channels.
Transcriptional block of AMPK-induced autophagy promotes glutamate excitotoxicity in nutrient-deprived SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells.
Agomelatine treatment corrects impaired sleep-wake cycle and sleep architecture and increases MT1 receptor as well as BDNF expression in the hippocampus during the subjective light phase of rats exposed to chronic constant light.
New insight into Alzheimer \' s disease: Light reverses Abeta-obstructed interstitial fluid flow and ameliorates memory decline in APP/PS1 mice.
Adolescence benzo[a]pyrene treatment induces learning and memory impairment and anxiolytic like behavioral response altering neuronal morphology of hippocampus in adult male Wistar rats.
A ventral CA1 to nucleus accumbens core engram circuit mediates conditioned place preference for cocaine.
Emerging intersections between neuroscience and glioma biology.
Methylation-related metabolic effects of D4 dopamine receptor expression and activation.
Rosmarinic acid ameliorates hypoxia/ischemia induced cognitive deficits and promotes remyelination.
RIP3/MLKL-mediated neuronal necroptosis induced by methamphetamine at 39 C.
Leisure activity and social integration mitigate the risk of dementia related to cardiometabolic diseases: A population-based longitudinal study.
The EXPANd trial: effects of exercise and exploring neuroplastic changes in people with Parkinson \' s disease: a study protocol for a double-blinded randomized controlled trial.
TRPM8 Mediates Hyperosmotic Stimuli-Induced Nociception in Dental Afferents.
Cardiomyocyte-Specific Snrk Prevents Inflammation in the Heart.
The Role of Nrf2 Activity in Cancer Development and Progression.
Serotonin release measured in the human brain: a PET study with [11C]CIMBI-36 and d-amphetamine challenge.
Melatonin interacts with repeat domain of Tau to mediate disaggregation of paired helical filaments.
Hippocampal volume and cell number in depression, schizophrenia, and suicide subjects.
Human Autologous iPSC-Derived Dopaminergic Progenitors Restore Motor Function in Parkinson \' s Disease Models.
Double-Dissociation Studies in Psychiatric Research: A Scoping Review.
Fluoride-Free Diet Stimulates Pineal Growth in Aged Male Rats.
Calretinin positive neurons form an excitatory amplifier network in the spinal cord dorsal horn.
An integrative framework for perceptual disturbances in psychosis.
The TORC1 inhibitor Nprl2 protects age-related digestive function in Drosophila.
Striatal dopaminergic dysregulation and dystonia-like movements induced by sensorimotor stress in a pharmacological mouse model of rapid-onset dystonia-parkinsonism.
Helios modulates the maturation of a CA1 neuronal subpopulation required for spatial memory formation.
Cultured hippocampal neurons of dystrophic mdx mice respond differently from those of wild type mice to an acute treatment with corticosterone.
Tetrahydrobiopterin administration facilitates amphetamine-induced dopamine release and motivation in mice.
Impairment of Long-term Memory by a Short-term High-fat Diet Via Hippocampal Oxidative Stress and Alterations in Synaptic Plasticity.
X-irradiation of developing hippocampal neurons causes changes in neuron population phenotypes, dendritic morphology and synaptic protein expression in surviving neurons at maturity.
CD163 overexpression using a macrophage-directed gene therapy approach improves wound healing in ex vivo and in vivo human skin models.
[Early Life Stress].
VGluT1 Deficiency Impairs Visual Attention and Reduces the Dynamic Range of Short-Term Plasticity at Corticothalamic Synapses.
Anticonvulsive and neuroprotective effects of aqueous and methanolic extracts of Anacyclus pyrethrum root in kainic acid-induced-status epilepticus in mice.
Craniometric variation and ancestry estimation in two contemporary Caribbean populations.
Suppressing miR-21 activity in tumor-associated macrophages promotes an antitumor immune response.
How to Obtain Reliable Visual Event-related Potentials in Newborns.
Allopregnanolone-based treatments for postpartum depression: Why/how do they work?
Correction to: Mechanisms underlying the EEG biomarker in Dup15q syndrome.
The Therapeutic Effect of 1,8-Cineol on Pathogenic Bacteria Species Present in Chronic Rhinosinusitis.
Confirmation of a Two-Factor Solution to the Questionnaire of Cognitive and Affective Empathy in a French Population of Patients With Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders.
Computational Analysis of Therapeutic Neuroadaptation to Chronic Antidepressant in a Model of the Monoaminergic Neurotransmitter and Stress Hormone Systems.
Orexin-A Excites Airway Vagal Preganglionic Neurons via Activation of Orexin Receptor Type 1 and Type 2 in Rats.
The Impact of the Geometric Correction Scheme on MEG Functional Topology at Rest.
Evolution of concepts in epilepsy surgery.
Holographic Reconstruction of Axonal Pathways in the Human Brain.
Overexpression of neuropeptide Y decreases responsiveness to neuropeptide Y.
Upregulation of IFN-beta induced by Sema4D-dependent partial Erk1/2 inhibition promotes NO production in microglia.
Pathophysiology of and therapeutic options for a GABRA1 variant linked to epileptic encephalopathy.
The N-Terminal Polybasic Region of Prion Protein Is Crucial in Prion Pathogenesis Independently of the Octapeptide Repeat Region.
Recent Advances in the Neurobiology of Altered Motivation Following Bariatric Surgery.
Alpha7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors and neural network synaptic transmission in human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived neurons.
Ketamine rapidly reverses stress-induced impairments in GABAergic transmission in the prefrontal cortex in male rodents.
Neurofeedback impacts cognition and quality of life in pediatric focal epilepsy: An exploratory randomized double-blinded sham-controlled trial.
AAVshRNA-mediated PTEN knockdown in adult neurons attenuates activity-dependent immediate early gene induction.
The deficiency of NRSF/REST enhances the pro-inflammatory function of astrocytes in the model of Parkinson \' s disease.
Topographic diversity of structural connectivity in schizophrenia.
Corticostriatal Flow of Action Selection Bias.
Human Olfaction without Apparent Olfactory Bulbs.
Abnormal retinal pigment epithelium melanogenesis as a major determinant for radiation-induced congenital eye defects.
New triterpenoids and PTP1B inhibitory constituents of Pseudolarix amabilis.
Ketamine reverses the impaired fear memory extinction and accompanied depressive-like behaviors in adolescent mice.
Spatiotemporal distribution of chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans after optic nerve injury in rodents.
Auditory-frontal Channeling in alpha and beta Bands is Altered by Age-related Hearing Loss and Relates to Speech Perception in Noise.
Hormonal modulation of reproduction in Polistes fuscatus social wasps: dual functions in both ovary development and sexual receptivity.
Involvement of HIPK2-JNK/c-Jun cascade in the long term synaptic toxicity and cognition impairment induced by neonatal Sevoflurane exposure.
The emerging role of Hippo signaling in neurodegeneration.
Prenatal and postnatal alcohol exposure increases vulnerability to cocaine addiction in adult mice.
Resilience as a Psychopathological Construct for Psychiatric Disorders.
Concepts and Dysfunctions of Emotion in Neuropsychiatric Research.
Animal Research in Psychiatry.
Artificial Intelligence in Psychiatry.
Classification of Psychiatric Disorders.
Impact of Affective Multimedia Content on the Electroencephalogram and Facial Expressions.
The nucleus does not significantly affect the migratory trajectories of amoeba in two-dimensional environments.
A mutation in Hnrnph1 that decreases methamphetamine-induced reinforcement, reward, and dopamine release and increases synaptosomal hnRNP H and mitochondrial proteins.
ANAVEX 2-73 (blarcamesine), a Sigma-1 receptor agonist, ameliorates neurologic impairments in a mouse model of Rett syndrome.
Sleep and motor sequence learning consolidation in former iron deficient anemic adolescents.
Nerve growth factor against PTSD symptoms: preventing the impaired hippocampal cytoarchitectures.
Differences in mechanisms underlying reinstatement of cigarette smoke extract- and nicotine-seeking behavior in rats.
Nonperiodic stimulation for the treatment of refractory epilepsy: Applications, mechanisms, and novel insights.
Phosphodiesterase Type 4 Inhibition in CNS Diseases.
Glial cells in schizophrenia: a unified hypothesis.
Cross-Sectional and Longitudinal Associations between Peak Expiratory Flow and Frailty in Older Adults.
Three-dimensional (3D) brain microphysiological system for organophosphates and neurochemical agent toxicity screening.
Tonic exploration governs both flexibility and lapses.
Effect of Stimulation Rate on Speech Understanding in Older Cochlear-Implant Users.
Drosophila PSI controls circadian period and the phase of circadian behavior under temperature cycle via tim splicing.
Late developing cardiac lymphatic vasculature supports adult zebrafish heart function and regeneration.
African plants with antidiabetic potentials: Beyond glycaemic control to central nervous system benefits.
An increasing role of polyphenols as novel therapeutics for Alzheimer \' s: A review.
Remote ischemic postconditioning as well as blood plasma from double-conditioned donor ameliorate reperfusion syndrome in skeletal muscle.
Fear conditioning and extinction in alcohol dependence: Evidence for abnormal amygdala reactivity.
[The changes of the expression of 2-type small conductance-Ca2+- activating-K+ (SK2) channel protein in hypertensive rat myocardium].
Comparison of Services for Autism Spectrum Disorder in Massachusetts with Those in Seoul.
Injury-Induced Effectors of Neuropathic Pain.
Capsaicin-Induced Impairment of Functional Network Dynamics in Mouse Hippocampus via a TrpV1 Receptor-Independent Pathway: Putative Involvement of Na+/K+-ATPase.
Neurovascular Unit as a Source of Ischemic Stroke Biomarkers-Limitations of Experimental Studies and Perspectives for Clinical Application.
Neural correlates of oxytocin and cue reactivity in cocaine-dependent men and women with and without childhood trauma.
Apolipoprotein E epsilon4 Allele Is Associated with Reduced Retention of the "Where" Memory Component in Cognitively Intact Older Adults.
Functional Territories of Human Dentate Nucleus.
Blood pressure lowering and stroke prevention: a systematic review and network meta-analysis protocol.
The International Spinal Cord Injury Pediatric Activity and Participation Basic Data Set.
Development of the International Spinal Cord Injury/Dysfunction Education Basic Data Set.
The prediction of colorectal cancer using anthropometric measures: A Swedish population-based cohort study with 22 years of follow-up.
Correction: Overshadowed by the amygdala: the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis emerges as key to psychiatric disorders.
The proteome of the dentate terminal zone of the perforant path indicates presynaptic impairment in Alzheimer disease.
Acquired cerebral amyloid angiopathy: An emerging concept.
Can infections trigger alpha-synucleinopathies?
Restoring synaptic function through multimodal therapeutics.
Hippocampal Input to the Nucleus Accumbens Shell Enhances Food Palatability.
Diabetes Type 2 and Kisspeptin: Central and Peripheral Sex-Specific Actions.
Global Burden of Small Vessel Disease-Related Brain Changes on MRI Predicts Cognitive and Functional Decline.
Evening chronotype, late weekend sleep times and social jetlag as possible causes of sleep curtailment after maintaining perennial DST: ain \' t they as black as they are painted?
Changes in Calcium Homeostasis and Gene Expression Implicated in Epilepsy in Hippocampi of Mice Overexpressing ORAI1.
Acute Liver Injury after CCl4 Administration is Independent of Smad7 Expression in Myeloid Cells.
Detection and evaluation of bursts in terms of novelty and surprise.
Danon disease: review of natural history and recent advances.
Blocking CRH receptors in adults mitigates age-related memory impairments provoked by early-life adversity.
Transient flow prediction in an idealized aneurysm geometry using data assimilation.
Attitudes and availability: A comparison of naloxone dispensing across chain and independent pharmacies in rural and urban areas in Alabama.
Age of acquisition effects differ across linguistic domains in sign language: EEG evidence.
A peptide inhibitor of Tau-SH3 interactions ameliorates amyloid-beta toxicity.
Long-lasting neurobehavioral alterations in burn-injured mice resembling post-traumatic stress disorder in humans.
Catecholaminergic axons in the neocortex of adult mice regrow following brain injury.
Antinociceptive effects of treadmill exercise in a rat model of Parkinson \' s disease: the role of cannabinoid and opioid receptors.
The oligodendrocyte growth cone and its actin cytoskeleton: A fundamental element for progenitor cell migration and CNS myelination.
A Study of the Mechanism of Binding between Neratinib and MAD2L1 Based on Bolecular Simulation and Multi-spectroscopy Methods.
Correction to: Bilobalide Induces Neuronal Differentiation of P19 Embryonic Carcinoma Cells via Activating Wnt/beta-Catenin Pathway.
Treatment with JQ1, a BET bromodomain inhibitor, is selectively detrimental to R6/2 Huntington \' s disease mice.
Thymopentin ameliorates dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis by triggering the production of IL-22 in both innate and adaptive lymphocytes.
An ultra high-throughput method for single-cell joint analysis of open chromatin and transcriptome.
Purinergic receptor mediated calcium signalling in urothelial cells.
Evolving perspectives on the sources of the frequency-following response.
Emotional Stop Cues Facilitate Inhibitory Control in Schizophrenia.
Synthetic surfactant with a recombinant surfactant protein C analogue improves lung function and attenuates inflammation in a model of acute respiratory distress syndrome in adult rabbits.
Comparative myoanatomy of Tardigrada: new insights from the heterotardigrades Actinarctus doryphorus (Tanarctidae) and Echiniscoides sigismundi (Echiniscoididae).
Diagnostic Criteria for Dementia with Lewy Bodies: Updates and Future Directions.
Mapping of c-Fos expression in male tree shrew forebrain.
Pro-inflammatory cytokines serve as communicating molecules between the liver and brain for hepatic encephalopathy pathogenesis and Lycium barbarum polysaccharides protection.
Spontaneous Pain Disrupts Ventral Hippocampal CA1-Infralimbic Cortex Connectivity and Modulates Pain Progression in Rats with Peripheral Inflammation.
Cue-Evoked Dopamine Neuron Activity Helps Maintain but Does Not Encode Expected Value.
Learning-induced enduring changes in inhibitory synaptic transmission in lateral amygdala are mediated by p21-activated kinase.
Nonmetric Cranial Trait Variation and Ancestry Estimation in Asian and Asian-Derived Groups.
Disengagement of motor cortex from movement control during long-term learning.
Cytokines trigger disruption of endothelium barrier function and p38 MAP kinase activation in BMPR2-silenced human lung microvascular endothelial cells.
Impact of traumatic brain injury on sleep: an overview.
Altered immune system in offspring of rat maternal vertical sleeve gastrectomy.
Microglial expression of GAT-1 in the cerebral cortex.
Extracellular vesicles from mesenchymal stem cells reduce microglial-mediated neuroinflammation after cortical injury in aged Rhesus monkeys.
Parallel attentional facilitation of features and objects in early visual cortex.
Effects of cognitive behavioural therapy and return-to-work intervention for patients on sick leave due to stress-related disorders: Results from a randomized trial.
Diagnosis and long-term outcome in dogs with acute onset intracranial signs.
Overlapping morphological and functional properties between M4 and M5 intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells.
Light input pathways to the circadian clock of insects with an emphasis on the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster.
How fly neurons compute the direction of visual motion.
Publisher Correction: Mitochondrial DNA copy number is associated with psychosis severity and anti-psychotic treatment.
Prefrontal activation related to spontaneous creativity with rock music improvisation: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy study.
Neurostructural Heterogeneity in Youths With Internalizing Symptoms.
TSG-6 in conditioned media from adipose mesenchymal stem cells protects against visual deficits in mild traumatic brain injury model through neurovascular modulation.
ATTEC: a potential new approach to target proteinopathies.
Increased Dementia Mortality in West Virginia Counties with Mountaintop Removal Mining?
Failure to awaken from general anesthesia due to infratentorial hemorrhage after cervical spine surgery: A case report.
High-frequency rTMS over the supplementary motor area improves freezing of gait in Parkinson \' s disease: a randomized controlled trial.
School-based obesity prevention for busy low-income families-Organisational and personal barriers and facilitators to implementation.
Correcting Smad1/5/8, mTOR, and VEGFR2 treats pathology in hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia models.
Biallelic DMXL2 mutations impair autophagy and cause Ohtahara syndrome with progressive course.
The Relationship Between Cumulative Exogenous Corticosteroid Exposure and Volumes of Hippocampal Subfields and Surrounding Structures.
Perinatal and maternal outcome after vitrification of blastocysts: a Nordic study in singletons from the CoNARTaS group.
The Natural History of a Man With Ovotesticular 46,XX DSD Caused by a Novel 3-Mb 15q26.2 Deletion Containing NR2F2 Gene.
History of early life adversity is associated with increased food addiction and sex-specific alterations in reward network connectivity in obesity.
Efficacy And Safety Of Travoprost Versus Timolol To Treat Early-Onset Ocular Hypertension Secondary To Vitrectomy: A Randomized Trial.
Acute and Transient Psychotic Disorders: Newer Understanding.
The risk of psychiatric disorders among Finnish ART and spontaneously conceived children: Finnish population-based register study.
Simultaneous mesoscopic and two-photon imaging of neuronal activity in cortical circuits.
Identity domains capture individual differences from across the behavioral repertoire.
Author Correction: Mechanosensing through immunoreceptors.
A pH-responsive nanoparticle targets the neurokinin 1 receptor in endosomes to prevent chronic pain.
A protective role for N-acylphosphatidylethanolamine phospholipase D in 6-OHDA-induced neurodegeneration.
The Microtubule Severing Protein Katanin Regulates Proliferation of Neuronal Progenitors in Embryonic and Adult Neurogenesis.
Intra- and extracellular beta-amyloid overexpression via adeno-associated virus-mediated gene transfer impairs memory and synaptic plasticity in the hippocampus.
Dexamethasone attenuates hyperexcitability provoked by experimental febrile status epilepticus.
Pulsed facilitation of corticospinal excitability by the sensorimotor mu-alpha rhythm.
Zebrafish dscaml1 Deficiency Impairs Retinal Patterning and Oculomotor Function.
Dynamic changes in ultrastructure of the primary cilium in migrating neuroblasts in the postnatal brain.
Maternal diabetes induces autism-like behavior by hyperglycemia-mediated persistent oxidative stress and suppression of superoxide dismutase 2.
Abilities of beta-Estradiol to interact with chemotherapeutic drugs, signal transduction inhibitors and nutraceuticals and alter the proliferation of pancreatic cancer cells.
Molecular tools for the characterization of seizure susceptibility in genetic rodent models of epilepsy.
Neurofilament light chain is a promising serum biomarker in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3.
Implementation of a behavioral medicine approach in physiotherapy: a process evaluation of facilitation methods.
Perceptions about trust: a phenomenographic study of clinical supervisors in occupational therapy.
Structural vaccinology approach to investigate the virulent and secretory proteins of Bacillus anthracis for devising Anthrax next-generation vaccine.
TRPC6-Mediated ERK1/2 Activation Increases Dentate Granule Cell Resistance to Status Epilepticus Via Regulating Lon Protease-1 Expression and Mitochondrial Dynamics.
Nanomedicine Against Abeta Aggregation by beta-Sheet Breaker Peptide Delivery: In Vitro Evidence.
Asatone and Isoasatone A Against Spodoptera litura Fab. by Acting on Cytochrome P450 Monoxygenases and Glutathione Transferases.
Polycaprolactone-Based Mimetic Antimicrobial Peptide Copolymers Vesicles as an Effective Drug-Carrier for Cancer Therapy.
Evaluation of Targeted Delivery to the Brain Using Magnetic Immunoliposomes and Magnetic Force.
Gottfries \'  Cognitive Scale for Staff Proxy Rating of Cognitive Function Among Nursing Home Residents.
Abnormalities of DYRK1A-Cytoskeleton Complexes in the Blood Cells as Potential Biomarkers of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Prediction of final infarct volume from native CT perfusion and treatment parameters using deep learning.
Investigating the effect of physiological need states on palatability and motivation using microstructural analysis of licking.
Hippocampal stimulation promotes intracellular Tip60 dynamics with concomitant genome reorganization and synaptic gene activation.
The hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and perirhinal cortex are critical to incidental order memory.
Antidepressant effect of the translocator protein antagonist ONO-2952 on mouse behaviors under chronic social defeat stress.
Enhanced adenosine A1 receptor and Homer1a expression in hippocampus modulates the resilience to stress-induced depression-like behavior.
Endocannabinoid Signaling from 2-Arachidonoylglycerol to CB1 Cannabinoid Receptor Facilitates Reward-based Learning of Motor Sequence.
Are Daylight Saving Time Changes Bad for the Brain?
An assessment of the effects of azodicarbonamide-containing diet on neurobehaviour, brain antioxidant status and membrane lipid peroxidation status in rats.
Pioneer interneurons instruct bilaterality in the Drosophila olfactory sensory map.
Development of Depotentiation in Adult-Born Dentate Granule Cells.
Multi-omics Analysis of Microenvironment Characteristics and Immune Escape Mechanisms of Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Epigenetic Delay in the Neurodevelopmental Trajectory of DNA Methylation States in Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Transcriptome Sequencing Unravels Potential Biomarkers at Different Stages of Cerebral Ischemic Stroke.
Comparing Traditional and Digitized Cognitive Tests Used in Standard Clinical Evaluation - A Study of the Digital Application Minnemera.
Corrigendum: Positive Effects of Nature on Cognitive Performance Across Multiple Experiments: Test Order but Not Affect Modulates the Cognitive Effects.
Altered Functional Connectivity of Striatum Based on the Integrated Connectivity Model in First-Episode Schizophrenia.
2-APB and CBD-Mediated Targeting of Charged Cytotoxic Compounds Into Tumor Cells Suggests the Involvement of TRPV2 Channels.
Effects of Acupuncture on Behavioral Stereotypies and Brain Dopamine System in Mice as a Model of Tourette Syndrome.
Inducing Physical Inactivity in Mice: Preventing Climbing and Reducing Cage Size Negatively Affect Physical Fitness and Body Composition.
The Role of Neuronal Factors in the Epigenetic Reprogramming of Microglia in the Normal and Diseased Central Nervous System.
Molecular Mechanisms Linking ALS/FTD and Psychiatric Disorders, the Potential Effects of Lithium.
The Orphan Cytokine Receptor CRLF3 Emerged With the Origin of the Nervous System and Is a Neuroprotective Erythropoietin Receptor in Locusts.
Snf2h Drives Chromatin Remodeling to Prime Upper Layer Cortical Neuron Development.
CSF Cholinergic Index, a New Biomeasure of Treatment Effect in Patients With Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Hindbrain V2a Neurons Pattern Rhythmic Activity of Motor Neurons in a Reticulospinal Coculture.
Electrical Stimulation Degenerated Cochlear Synapses Through Oxidative Stress in Neonatal Cochlear Explants.
Ocular Dominance Plasticity of Areas 17 and 21a in the Cat.
Multi-Fiber Photometry to Record Neural Activity in Freely-Moving Animals.
Regional Variation in West and East Coast African-American English Prosody and Rap Flows.
Ketamine-induced changes in plasma brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels are associated with the resting-state functional connectivity of the prefrontal cortex.
Neuroimaging features of whole-brain functional connectivity predict attack frequency of migraine.
The Potential Therapeutic Capacity of Inhibiting the Brain Renin-Angiotensin System in the Treatment of Co-Morbid Conditions in Epilepsy.
Logical negation mapped onto the brain.
Second-generation antipsychotics and pregnancy complications.
Social Context Enhances Hormonal Modulation of Pheromone Detection in Drosophila.
Life at High Latitudes Does Not Require Circadian Behavioral Rhythmicity under Constant Darkness.
The RAB3-RIM Pathway Is Essential for the Release of Neuromodulators.
Corrigendum to "6-Shogaol, an active constituent of ginger, attenuates neuroinflammation and cognitive deficits in animal models of dementia" [BBRC 449 (2014) 8-13].
Cocaine Use in Adolescents and Young Adults.
Analysis of endocannabinoids in plasma samples by biocompatible solid-phase microextraction devices coupled to mass spectrometry.
Right care, first time: a highly personalised and measurement-based care model to manage youth mental health.
Social creatures: model animal systems for studying the neuroendocrine mechanisms of social behaviour.
Early mobilization does not reduce the risk of deep venous thrombosis after Achilles tendon rupture: a randomized controlled trial.
Primary prevention of stroke: randomised controlled pilot trial protocol on engaging everyday activities promoting health.
Electrophysiological evidence of phonemotopic representations of vowels in the primary and secondary auditory cortex.
Assessment of midgut enteroendocrine peptide complement in the honey bee, Apis mellifera.
The effects of developmental and current niches on oligodendrocyte precursor dynamics and fate.
Diurnal Regulation of the Orexin/Hypocretin System in Mice.
Calcium Signaling in Neurons and Glial Cells: Role of Cav1 channels.
The Recognition of the Distribution Features of Corticospinal Neurons by a Retrograde Trans-synaptic Tracing to Elucidate the Clinical Application of Contralateral Middle Trunk Transfer.
Increased Type I and Decreased Type II Hair Cells after Deletion of Sox2 in the Developing Mouse Utricle.
Rapid and persistent loss of TXNIP in HT22 neuronal cells under carbonyl and hyperosmotic stress.
TDP-43 inhibitory peptide alleviates neurodegeneration and memory loss in an APP transgenic mouse model for Alzheimer \' s disease.
Correlation of blood biomarkers with early-onset seizures after an acute stroke event.
Ethyl pyruvate enhances spontaneous remyelination by targeting microglia phagocytosis.
Long-lasting modifications of motoneuron firing properties by trans-spinal direct current stimulation in rats.
Hippocampus-specific regulation of long non-coding RNA and mRNA expression in germ-free mice.
Author Correction: Inhibitory connectivity defines the realm of excitatory plasticity.
Tsc1 represses parvalbumin expression and fast-spiking properties in somatostatin lineage cortical interneurons.
Testosterone causes pleiotropic effects on cleanerfish behaviour.
Identifying biological markers for improved precision medicine in psychiatry.
Multisensory Integration and the Society for Neuroscience: Then and Now.
Pigment epithelium-derived factor alleviates depressive-like behaviors in mice by modulating adult hippocampal synaptic growth and Wnt pathway.
Biofilm inhibiting properties of compounds from the leaves of Warburgia ugandensis Sprague subsp ugandensis against Candida and staphylococcal biofilms.
Increasing ERK phosphorylation by inhibition of p38 activity protects against cadmium-induced apoptotic cell death through ERK/Drp1/p38 signaling axis in spermatocyte-derived GC-2spd cells.
Pheromones Modulate Learning by Regulating the Balanced Signals of Two Insulin-like Peptides.
Design and synthesis of selective and blood-brain barrier-permeable hydroxamate-based gelatinase inhibitors.
Research on the pathophysiology, treatment, and prevention of suicide: practical and ethical issues.
Causality detection in cortical seizure dynamics using cross-dynamical delay differential analysis.
Does dual task placement and duration affect split-belt treadmill adaptation?
CEH-60/PBX regulates vitellogenesis and cuticle permeability through intestinal interaction with UNC-62/MEIS in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Dopamine neuron ensembles signal the content of sensory prediction errors.
The mechanosensitive ion channel TRAAK is localized to the mammalian node of Ranvier.
Manipulation of Mitophagy by "All-in-One" Nanosensitizer Augments Sonodynamic Glioma Therapy.
Radiosynthesis and preclinical evaluation of [11 C]Cimbi-701 - Towards the imaging of cerebral 5-HT7 receptors.
Gene expression profiling of hypoxic response in different models of senescent endothelial cells.
Reliability and validity of the Turkish version of the Core Outcome Measures Index for the neck pain.
Who is the Teacher and Who is the Student? The Dual Service- and Engaged-Learning Pedagogical Model of Anatomy Academy.
Pulmonary and hepatic effects after low dose exposure to nanosilver: Early and long-lasting histological and ultrastructural alterations in rat.
3D-tips: user-friendly mesh barrier pipette tips for 3D-spheroid culture.
Internet addiction and functional brain networks: task-related fMRI study.
C9orf72-generated poly-GR and poly-PR do not directly interfere with nucleocytoplasmic transport.
O-GlcNAc transferase suppresses necroptosis and liver fibrosis.
Firing rate homeostasis can occur in the absence of neuronal activity-regulated transcription.
Protein kinase A-mediated suppression of the slow afterhyperpolarizing KCa3.1 current in temporal lobe epilepsy.
An amino-acid mixture can be both rewarding and punishing to larval Drosophila.
Endostatin predicts mortality in patients with acute dyspnea - a cohort study of patients seeking care in emergency departments.
Involvement of Adult-born and Preexisting Olfactory Bulb and Dentate Gyrus Neurons in Single-trial Olfactory Memory Acquisition and Retrieval.
The Risk of Psychiatric Morbidity Following Teenage Induced Abortion and Childbirth-A Longitudinal Study From Finland.
Distinct tau PET patterns in atrophy-defined subtypes of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Optic Nerve Crush Modulates Refractive Development of the C57BL/6 Mouse by Changing Multiple Ocular Dimensions.
Chronic Stress Induces Activity, Synaptic, and Transcriptional Remodeling of the Lateral Habenula Associated with Deficits in Motivated Behaviors.
Refugees and Rehabilitation: Our Fight Against the "Globalization of Indifference".
Analysis of risk factor domains in psychosis patient health records.
Non-Invasive Approach for Evaluation of Pulmonary Hypertension Using Extracellular Vesicle-Associated Small Non-Coding RNA.
A Role for H2O2 and TRPM2 in the Induction of Cell Death: Studies in KGN Cells.
Serine-Arginine Protein Kinase SRPK2 Modulates the Assembly of the Active Zone Scaffolding Protein CAST1/ERC2.
Gamma-hydroxybutyrate (GHB) for narcolepsy in adults: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
The coupling of the M2 muscarinic receptor to its G protein is voltage dependent.
A missense mutation in SNRPE linked to non-syndromal microcephaly interferes with U snRNP assembly and pre-mRNA splicing.
Bayesian inference of neuronal assemblies.
Neutrophil-To-Lymphocyte Ratio as a Potential Biomarker of Neovascular Glaucoma.
Synthesis and identification of deschloroketamine metabolites in rats \'  urine and a quantification method for deschloroketamine and metabolites in rats \'  serum and brain tissue using liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry.
Postpartum Depression: When the Stakes Are the Highest.
The Cortical Organization of Syntax.
Experience of family function, family involvement, and self-management in adult patients with type 2 diabetes: A thematic analysis.
Shaping the heart: Structural and functional maturation of iPSC-cardiomyocytes in 3D-micro-scaffolds.
Binge alcohol use is not associated with alterations in striatal dopamine receptor binding or dopamine release.
Cerebrospinal fluid neurogranin in an inducible mouse model of neurodegeneration: A translatable marker of synaptic degeneration.
Galectin-1 attenuates neurodegeneration in Parkinson \' s disease model by modulating microglial MAPK/IkappaB/NFkappaB axis through its Carbohydrate-recognition domain.
Do nonapeptides regulate parental care depending on experience in zebra finches?
Lysyl hydroxylase 3 is required for normal lens capsule formation and maintenance of lens epithelium integrity and fate.
Towards selective CNS PET Imaging of the 5-HT7 Receptor System: Past, Present and Future.
Transmembrane peptide 4 and 5 of APJ are essential for its heterodimerization with OX1R.
Amino Acids License Kinase mTORC1 Activity and Treg Cell Function via Small G Proteins Rag and Rheb.
A Serotonin-Modulated Circuit Controls Sleep Architecture to Regulate Cognitive Function Independent of Total Sleep in Drosophila.
Prefrontal Corticotectal Neurons Enhance Visual Processing through the Superior Colliculus and Pulvinar Thalamus.
Focus on FKBP51: A molecular link between stress and metabolic disorders.
Tau inhibits PKA by nuclear proteasome-dependent PKAR2alpha elevation with suppressed CREB/GluA1 phosphorylation.
Prospective Physician Awareness of the Associations Between Social Media and Mental Health.
Jump performance in male and female football players.
Mouse model of the human serotonin transporter-linked polymorphic region.
Selective Inactivation of Reelin in Inhibitory Interneurons Leads to Subtle Changes in the Dentate Gyrus But Leaves Cortical Layering and Behavior Unaffected.
Reconciling the functions of even-skipped interneurons during crawling, swimming, and walking.
An exploratory randomized-controlled trial of the efficacy of the Src-kinase inhibitor saracatinib as a novel analgesic for cancer-induced bone pain.
Neurological Disease Modelling for Spinocerebellar Ataxia Using Zebrafish.
Allele-selective lowering of mutant HTT protein by HTT-LC3 linker compounds.
Satb2 is required for the regionalization of retrosplenial cortex.
Atypical Social Rank Recognition in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Intracerebroventricular injection of ouabain causes mania-like behavior in mice through D2 receptor activation.
The neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis protein Cln7 functions in the postsynaptic cell to regulate synapse development.
Convergent evolution of face spaces across human face-selective neuronal groups and deep convolutional networks.
Blood Pressure Normalization-Independent Cardioprotective Effects of Endogenous, Physical Activity-Induced Alpha Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (alphaCGRP) in Chronically Hypertensive Mice.
Circadian Clocks in the Regulation of Neurotransmitter Systems.
Postmortem Cortex Samples Identify Distinct Molecular Subtypes of ALS: Retrotransposon Activation, Oxidative Stress, and Activated Glia.
A Mechanism Linking Two Known Vulnerability Factors for Alcohol Abuse: Heightened Alcohol Stimulation and Low Striatal Dopamine D2 Receptors.
Spatiotemporally Dependent Vascularization Is Differently Utilized among Neural Progenitor Subtypes during Neocortical Development.
Sleep in the completely locked-in state (CLIS) in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Regulation of adenylyl cyclase 5 in striatal neurons confers the ability to detect coincident neuromodulatory signals.
Iron Overload Impairs Autophagy: Effects of Rapamycin in Ameliorating Iron-Related Memory Deficits.
Functional connectivity of music-induced analgesia in fibromyalgia.
Chloroquine modulates inflammatory autoimmune responses through Nurr1 in autoimmune diseases.
A MultiTEP platform-based epitope vaccine targeting the phosphatase activating domain (PAD) of tau: therapeutic efficacy in PS19 mice.
Hypothalamus-hippocampus circuitry regulates impulsivity via melanin-concentrating hormone.
A proline-rich motif on VGLUT1 reduces synaptic vesicle super-pool and spontaneous release frequency.
Kv2.1 mediates spatial and functional coupling of L-type calcium channels and ryanodine receptors in mammalian neurons.
beta-Caryophyllene Reduces DNA Oxidation and the Overexpression of Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein in the Prefrontal Cortex and Hippocampus of d-Galactose-Induced Aged BALB/c Mice.
Handball and movement screening - can non-contact injuries be predicted in adolescent elite handball players? A 1-year prospective cohort study.
Efficacy and safety of intranasal esketamine for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
Long-Term Exposure to Particulate Air Pollution, Black Carbon, and Their Source Components in Relation to Ischemic Heart Disease and Stroke.
Associations of physical activity and sedentary behavior with cardiometabolic biomarkers in prediabetes and type 2 diabetes: A compositional data analysis.
Multiple timescales account for adaptive responses across sensory cortices.
Identifying parabrachial neurons selectively regulating satiety for highly palatable food in mice.
Macro- and microstructural gray matter alterations in sexually assaulted women.
Advances in Optoacoustic Neurotomography of Animal Models.
Quantitative Signal Intensity in Fluid-Attenuated Inversion Recovery and Treatment Effect in the WAKE-UP Trial.
Leveraging the Shared Neurobiology of Placebo Effects and Functional Neurological Disorder: A Call for Research.
Regional expression of Act-MMP3 contributes to the selective loss of neurons in ganglion cell layers following acute retinal ischemia/reperfusion injury.
Performance on auditory, vestibular, and visual tests is stable across two seasons of youth tackle football.
Neuropeptide-S-Receptor Deficiency Affects Sex-Specific Modulation of Safety Learning by Pre-Exposure to Electric Stimuli.
The lysosomal transporter MFSD1 is essential for liver homeostasis and critically depends on its accessory subunit GLMP.
The broad spectrum mixed-lineage kinase 3 inhibitor URMC-099 prevents acute microgliosis and cognitive decline in a mouse model of perioperative neurocognitive disorders.
Erythrocyte amyloid beta peptide isoform distributions in Alzheimer and mild cognitive impairment.
Thyrotropin-releasing-hormone-synthesizing neurons of the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus are inhibited by glycinergic inputs.
Improved synthesis of [18F] fallypride and characterization of a Huntington \' s disease mouse model, zQ175DN KI, using longitudinal PET imaging of D2/D3 receptors.
Protein kinases: master regulators of neuritogenesis and therapeutic targets for axon regeneration.
Functionalized helical fibre bundles of carbon nanotubes as electrochemical sensors for long-term in vivo monitoring of multiple disease biomarkers.
Synapsins are expressed at neuronal and non-neuronal locations in Octopus vulgaris.
A quick test of cognitive speed can predict development of dementia in Parkinson \' s disease.
An antibody against HK blocks Alzheimer \' s disease peptide beta-amyloid-induced bradykinin release in human plasma.
Recency and intensification of positive symptoms enhance prediction of conversion to syndromal psychosis in clinical high-risk patients.
Current understanding of psycho-neurobiology in depressive disorders with suicidal thoughts - translational models.
INX-18 and INX-19 play distinct roles in electrical synapses that modulate aversive behavior in Caenorhabditis elegans.
In Vivo Optical Calcium Imaging of Learning-Induced Synaptic Plasticity in Drosophila melanogaster.
Endothelin signalling mediates experience-dependent myelination in the CNS.
Health social workers \'  assessments as part of a specialized pain rehabilitation: a clinical data-mining study.
Structure learning in coupled dynamical systems and dynamic causal modelling.
Dynein activating adaptor BICD2 controls radial migration of upper-layer cortical neurons in vivo.
Why are antiepileptic drugs continued after successful epilepsy surgery in adults?
Night-time cardiac autonomic modulation as a function of sleep-wake stages is modified in otherwise healthy overweight adolescents.
Role of GPCR signaling and calcium dysregulation in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Loss of PTEN-induced kinase 1 (Pink1) reduces hippocampal tyrosine hydroxylase and impairs learning and memory.
Emerging concepts of mitochondrial dysfunction in Parkinson \' s disease progression: Pathogenic and therapeutic implications.
Auditory mismatch detection, distraction, and attentional reorientation (MMN-P3a-RON) in neurological and psychiatric disorders: A review.
Inflammation and the Dimensions of Depression: A Review.
Behavioral characterization of dup15q syndrome: Toward meaningful endpoints for clinical trials.
Posttraumatic stress disorder and the social brain: Affect-related disruption of the default and mirror networks.
Circular RNA USP1 regulates the permeability of blood-tumour barrier via miR-194-5p/FLI1 axis.
Substrate stiffness affects the morphology and gene expression of epidermal neural crest stem cells in a short term culture.
Histone Methylations Define Neural Stem/Progenitor Cell Subtypes in the Mouse Subventricular Zone.
Genome-wide differential expression profiling of lncRNAs and mRNAs associated with early diabetic cardiomyopathy.
The geometry of masking in neural populations.
Dietary tryptophan links encephalogenicity of autoreactive T cells with gut microbial ecology.
The anthelmintic drug praziquantel activates a schistosome transient receptor potential channel.
Simultaneous Release of Multiple Vesicles from Rods Involves Synaptic Ribbons and Syntaxin 3B.
Female sex is associated with a lower risk of bone metastases and favourable prognosis in non-sex-specific cancers.
Gender Related Changes in Gene Expression Induced by Valproic Acid in A Mouse Model of Autism and the Correction by S-adenosyl Methionine. Does It Explain the Gender Differences in Autistic Like Behavior?
A Comprehensive Review on MAPK: A Promising Therapeutic Target in Cancer.
Is It Speech or Song? Effect of Melody Priming on Pitch Perception of Modified Mandarin Speech.
The effects of tamoxifen on mouse behavior.
Early effects of Cyclophosphamide, Methotrexate, and 5-fluorouracil on neuronal morphology and hippocampal-dependent behavior in a murine model.
A somatosensory cortex input to the caudal dorsolateral striatum controls comorbid anxiety in persistent pain.
High cortical delta power correlates with aggravated allodynia by activating anterior cingulate cortex GABAergic neurons in neuropathic pain mice.
Validation of a Motor-Cognitive Assessment for a Stepping Exergame in Older Adults: Use of Game-Specific, Internal Data Stream.
The GATOR complex regulates an essential response to meiotic double-stranded breaks in Drosophila.
Radial somatic F-actin organization affects growth cone dynamics during early neuronal development.
Serum levels of glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor and multiple neurotransmitters: In relation to cognitive performance in Parkinson \' s disease with mild cognitive impairment.
Novel variants in CDH2 are associated with a new syndrome including Peters anomaly.
Differential effects of various genetic mouse models of the mechanistic target of rapamycin complex I inhibition on heart failure.
Week-by-week changes in sleep EEG in healthy full-term newborns.
Non-specific Detection of a Major Western Blotting Band in Human Brain Homogenates by a Multitude of Amyloid Precursor Protein Antibodies.
Delayed Complex Spike Response Evoked by Conditioned Stimulus Encodes Movement Onset Time and Is Determined by Intrinsic Inferior Olive Properties.
Flexor and Extensor Ankle Afferents Broadly Innervate Locomotor Spinal Shox2 Neurons and Induce Similar Effects in Neonatal Mice.
Proteomic Profiling of Extracellular Vesicles Isolated From Cerebrospinal Fluid of Former National Football League Players at Risk for Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy.
Region-Specific Response of Astrocytes to Prion Infection.
Neuroprotective Potential of Pituitary Adenylate Cyclase Activating Polypeptide in Retinal Degenerations of Metabolic Origin.
Human Sensation of Transcranial Electric Stimulation.
Cryo-EM structures of the human cation-chloride cotransporter KCC1.
Mental fatigue after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is associated with cognitive dysfunction, but not central nervous system inflammation.
PACAP and other neuropeptides link chronic migraine and opioid-induced hyperalgesia in mouse models.
The effects of anticancer medicinal herbs on vascular endothelial growth factor based on pharmacological aspects: a review study.
Proteasome Activation by Insulin-like Growth Factor-1/Nuclear Factor Erythroid 2-related Factor 2 Signaling Promotes Exercise-induced Neurogenesis.
Fos expression is increased in oxytocin neurons of female rats with a sexually conditioned mate preference for an individual male rat.
Characteristics of song, brain-anatomy and blood androgen levels in spontaneously singing canaries.
Melanopsin and the Intrinsically Photosensitive Retinal Ganglion Cells: Biophysics to Behavior.
Assessing the role of toll-like receptor in isolated, standard and enriched housing conditions.
Cardiorespiratory fitness predicts effective connectivity between the hippocampus and default mode network nodes in young adults.
Is there equity in initial access to formal dementia care in Europe? The Andersen Model applied to the Actifcare cohort.
From Prior Information to Saccade Selection: Evolution of Frontal Eye Field Activity during Natural Scene Search.
Single-cell transcriptomes and whole-brain projections of serotonin neurons in the mouse dorsal and median raphe nuclei.
A randomized-control trial testing the impact of a multidisciplinary team response to older adult maltreatment.
Family-centred end-of-life care and bereavement services in Swedish intensive care units: A cross-sectional study.
Inactivation of folylpolyglutamate synthetase Met7 results in genome instability driven by an increased dUTP/dTTP ratio.
Socioeconomic status and stroke incidence, prevalence, mortality, and worldwide burden: an ecological analysis from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2017.
A Role for SERCA Pumps in the Neurobiology of Neuropsychiatric and Neurodegenerative Disorders.
Molecular Cobalt(II) Complexes for Tau Polymerization in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Social context and dominance status contribute to sleep patterns and quality in groups of freely-moving mice.
Radiologic common data elements rates in pediatric mild traumatic brain injury.
Cellular localization of melatonin receptor Mel1b in pigeon retina.
Premature birth impacts bolus size and shape through nursing in infant pigs.
Hyperparameter-tuned prediction of somatic symptom disorder using functional near Infrared spectroscopy based dynamic functional connectivity.
L-type Ca2+ channels and charybdotoxin-sensitive Ca2+-activated K+ channels are required for reduction of GABAergic activity induced by beta2-adrenoceptor in the prefrontal cortex.
Patterns of c-Fos expression in telencephalic areas of Tropidurus hygomi (Iguania: Tropiduridae) exposed to different social contexts.
CRH Promotes the Neurogenic Activity of Neural Stem Cells in the Adult Hippocampus.
Oligodendrocyte Intrinsic miR-27a Controls Myelination and Remyelination.
Distal Humerus Morphological Variation and Sex Estimation in Modern Thai Individuals.
Breast cancer surgery decreases serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor concentrations in middle aged women: relationship to the serum C-reactive protein concentration.
Mortality by diseases and medical conditions in the offspring of parents with severe mental illness.
Temperature elevation in epileptogenic foci exacerbates epileptic discharge through TRPV4 activation.
Reply to Brune M and Theiss C: Remaining questions in the relationship between T. gondii infection and major mental illness.
Response Latency Tuning by Retinal Circuits Modulates Signal Efficiency.
A GABAergic Maf-expressing interneuron subset regulates the speed of locomotion in Drosophila.
The Microbiota Promotes Arterial Thrombosis in Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-Deficient Mice.
Orexin-1 receptor signaling in ventral pallidum regulates motivation for the opioid remifentanil.
Chronic nigral neuromodulation aggravates behavioral deficits and synaptic changes in an alpha-synuclein based rat model for Parkinson \' s disease.
Genetic coupling of signal and preference facilitates sexual isolation during rapid speciation.
A Scoping Review and Conceptual Model of Social Participation and Mental Health among Refugees and Asylum Seekers.
Plasma Neurofilament Light Chain in Primary Progressive Aphasia and Related Disorders: Clinical Significance and Metabolic Correlates.
Family of closed-form solutions for two-dimensional correlated diffusion processes.
Small molecule inhibition of Ewing sarcoma cell growth via targeting the long non coding RNA HULC.
Verbal performance during stress in healthy older people: Influence of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and cortisol reactivity.
Salubrinal attenuates nitric oxide mediated PERK:IRE1alpha: ATF-6 signaling and DNA damage in neuronal cells.
Detecting multiple differentially methylated CpG sites and regions related to dimensional psychopathology in youths.
Bridging the gap between research-based knowledge and clinical practice: a qualitative examination of patients and physiotherapists \'  views on the Otago exercise Programme.
Predictors of outcome in guided self-help cognitive behavioural therapy for common mental disorders in primary care.
Theaflavin attenuates cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury by abolishing miRNA-128-3p-mediated Nrf2 inhibition and reducing oxidative stress.
Therapeutic importance of hydrogen sulfide in age-associated neurodegenerative diseases.
Influence of social cognition as a mediator between cognitive reserve and psychosocial functioning in patients with first episode psychosis.
Amygdala functional connectivity in major depression - disentangling markers of pathology, risk and resilience.
Cannabinoid receptor type 1 modulates the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on memory of stressed rats.
Comparison between diffusion MRI tractography and histological tract-tracing of cortico-cortical structural connectivity in the ferret brain.
Tissue-specific evaluation of suitable reference genes for RT-qPCR in the pond snail, Lymnaea stagnalis.
Cell Therapeutic Strategies for Spinal Cord Injury.
miR-124/VAMP3 is a novel therapeutic target for mitigation of surgical trauma-induced microglial activation.
Screened AAV variants permit efficient transduction access to supporting cells and hair cells.
Impaired Fine Motor Function of the Asymptomatic Hand in Unilateral Parkinson \' s Disease.
Glutamate Afferents From the Medial Prefrontal Cortex Mediate Nucleus Accumbens Activation by Female Sexual Behavior.
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
Age-related hyperinsulinemia leads to insulin resistance in neurons and cell-cycle-induced senescence.
Insights into replicative senescence of human testicular peritubular cells.
Maternal valproic acid exposure leads to neurogenesis defects and autism-like behaviors in non-human primates.
Simple framework for constructing functional spiking recurrent neural networks.
Downregulation of circRNA DMNT3B contributes to diabetic retinal vascular dysfunction through targeting miR-20b-5p and BAMBI.
Bioactive Molecules and Their Mechanisms of Action.
Menthol Increases Bendiocarb Efficacy Through Activation of Octopamine Receptors and Protein Kinase A.
Chronic social defeat-induced social avoidance as a proxy of stress resilience in mice involves conditioned learning.
A combination of dietary fat intake and nicotine exposure enhances CB1 endocannabinoid receptor expression in hypothalamic nuclei in male mice.
Modulations of microbehaviour by associative memory strength in Drosophila larvae.
Heterogeneous fate choice of genetically modulated adult neural stem cells in gray and white matter of the central nervous system.
A Rare Form of Lipid Metabolic Encephalopathy.
Joint application of magnetic resonance imaging and biochemical biomarkers in diagnosis of multiple sclerosis.
RGS2 drives male aggression in mice via the serotonergic system.
MIBI-TOF: A multiplexed imaging platform relates cellular phenotypes and tissue structure.
l-DOPA and Its Receptor GPR143: Implications for Pathogenesis and Therapy in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Glutamate in Salience Network Predicts BOLD Response in Default Mode Network During Salience Processing.
Cortical Regions Encoding Hardness Perception Modulated by Visual Information Identified by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging With Multivoxel Pattern Analysis.
The Dual Role of Kinin/Kinin Receptors System in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Why are olfactory ensheathing cell tumors so rare?
[Effect of Huntingtin-associated Protein 1 Gene on Proliferation of Mouse Fibroblasts].
Inhibition of microglial activation in rats attenuates paraventricular nucleus inflammation in Galphai2 protein-dependent, salt-sensitive hypertension.
Accumulation of mitochondrial 7S DNA in idiopathic and LRRK2 associated Parkinson \' s disease.
ATRX In-Frame Fusion Neuroblastoma Is Sensitive to EZH2 Inhibition via Modulation of Neuronal Gene Signatures.
A Comprehensive Resource for Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells from Patients with Primary Tauopathies.
Improved Retinal Organoid Differentiation by Modulating Signaling Pathways Revealed by Comparative Transcriptome Analyses with Development In Vivo.
Multi-input Synapses, but Not LTP-Strengthened Synapses, Correlate with Hippocampal Memory Storage in Aged Mice.
Effect of interpregnancy interval on gestational diabetes: a retrospective matched cohort study.
Dysmorphic Neurofilament-Positive Ganglion Cells in the Myenteric Plexus at the Proximal Resection Margin Indicate Worse Postoperative Prognosis in Hirschsprung \' s Disease.
Comparing the Effect of Gabapentin, Ketamine, Dexmedetomidine, and Entonox on Pain Control in Burn Wound Dressing.
FAAH inhibition as a preventive treatment for migraine: A pre-clinical study.
The effects of early life stress on the excitatory/inhibitory balance of the medial prefrontal cortex.
Amplification of Drosophila Olfactory Responses by a DEG/ENaC Channel.
Neuroprotective and restorative properties of the GLP-1/GIP dual agonist DA-JC1 compared with a GLP-1 single agonist in Alzheimer \' s disease.
The emerging role of galectins in (re)myelination and its potential for developing new approaches to treat multiple sclerosis.
Revealing neural correlates of behavior without behavioral measurements.
Repair of a large primary subtemporal encephalocele in a 3-year-old child: case report.
The Novel CYP2A6 Inhibitor, DLCI-1, Decreases Nicotine Self-Administration in Mice.
The p.(Pro170Leu) variant in NOG impairs noggin secretion and causes autosomal dominant congenital conductive hearing loss due to stapes ankylosis.
Participant and study partner prediction and identification of cognitive impairment in preclinical Alzheimer \' s disease: study partner vs. participant accuracy.
Post-Craniopharyngioma and Cranial Nerve-VI Palsy Update on a MS Patient with Major Depression and Concurrent Neuroimmune Conditions.
Hydrazine-Selective Fluorescent Turn-On Probe Based on Ortho-Methoxy-Methyl-Ether (o-MOM) Assisted Retro-aza-Henry Type Reaction.
Pre- and Post-Treatment with Novel Antiepileptic Drug Oxcarbazepine Exerts Neuroprotective Effect in the Hippocampus in a Gerbil Model of Transient Global Cerebral Ischemia.
Effects of chronic intermittent ethanol exposure during early and late adolescence on anxiety-like behaviors and behavioral flexibility in adulthood.
Implantable Wireless Device for Study of Entrapment Neuropathy.
Large-scale death of retinal astrocytes during normal development is non-apoptotic and implemented by microglia.
Hippocampal gamma rhythms during Y-maze navigation in the juvenile rat.
Multiparametric assessment of the impact of opsin expression and anesthesia on striatal cholinergic neurons and auditory brainstem activity.
MicroRNA-134-5p inhibition rescues long-term plasticity and synaptic tagging/capture in an Abeta(1-42)-induced model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Effects of substrate and phylogeny on quadrupedal gait in free-ranging platyrrhines.
Pharmacological Manipulation of the Circadian Clock: A Possible Approach to the Management of Bipolar Disorder.
The Potassium Channel Kv1.5 Expression Alters During Experimental Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis.
Neurocognitive and social-communicative function of children born very preterm at 10 years of age: Associations with microorganisms recovered from the placenta parenchyma.
Hippocampal proteomic changes of susceptibility and resilience to depression or anxiety in a rat model of chronic mild stress.
Motoric Cognitive Risk Syndrome in a Chinese Older Adult Population: Prevalence and Associated Factors.
Cortical ensemble activity discriminates auditory attentional states.
A comparative study on decision and documentation of refraining from resuscitation in two medical home care units in Sweden.
Blood and Brain Biochemistry and Behaviour in NTBC and Dietary Treated Tyrosinemia Type 1 Mice.
Antipsychotic drugs and sudden cardiac death: A literature review of the challenges in the prediction, management, and future steps.
Brahmi (Bacopa monnieri): An ayurvedic herb against the Alzheimer \' s disease.
Reliability of wavefront shaping based on coherent optical adaptive technique in deep tissue focusing.
Reading-out task variables as a low-dimensional reconstruction of neural spike trains in single trials.
Animal Galectins and Plant Lectins as Tools for Studies in Neurosciences.
Applying the Stress Process Model to Stress-Burnout and Stress-Depression Relationships in Biomedical Doctoral Students: A Cross-Sectional Pilot Study.
The Reniform Body: An Integrative Lateral Protocerebral Neuropil Complex of Eumalacostraca identified in Stomatopoda and Brachyura.
Increased Functional Connectivity Within Intrinsic Neural Networks in Chronic Stroke Following Treatment With Red/Near-Infrared Transcranial Photobiomodulation: Case Series With Improved Naming in Aphasia.
Participation in social/lifestyle activities in people with multiple sclerosis: Changes across 10 years and predictors of sustained participation.
Nanoparticle-Based Hybrid Scaffolds for Deciphering the Role of Multimodal Cues in Cardiac Tissue Engineering.
[Electroacupuncture combined with PNF on proprioception and motor function of lower limbs in stroke patients: a randomized controlled trial].
Restoring Tactile sensations via neural interfaces for real-time force-and-slippage closed-loop control of bionic hands.
Toward a Better Understanding of Neuronal Migration Deficits in Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Traffic noise exposure depresses plasma corticosterone and delays offspring growth in breeding zebra finches.
Abnormal Functional Connectivity in Cognitive Control Network, Default Mode Network, and Visual Attention Network in Internet Addiction: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
The Evolution of Tau Phosphorylation and Interactions.
Transduction of Craniofacial Motoneurons Following Intramuscular Injections of Canine Adenovirus Type-2 (CAV-2) in Rhesus Macaques.
Axonal Computations.
Mapping 123 million neonatal, infant and child deaths between 2000 and 2017.
Organoid single-cell genomic atlas uncovers human-specific features of brain development.
Regulation of lifespan by neural excitation and REST.
Differential protein expression of DARPP-32 versus Calcineurin in the prefrontal cortex and nucleus accumbens in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
CD80 plays a critical role in increased inflammatory responses in HSV-1 infected mouse corneas.
Astrocyte molecular signatures in Huntington \' s disease.
High-speed locomotion in the Saharan silver ant, Cataglyphis bombycina.
Redefining Noradrenergic Neuromodulation of Behavior: Impacts of a Modular Locus Coeruleus Architecture.
Parabrachial Complex: A Hub for Pain and Aversion.
Optogenetically-Induced Population Discharge Threshold as a Sensitive Measure of Network Excitability.
Effects of cardiovascular pharmacotherapies on incident dementia in patients with atrial fibrillation: A cohort study of all patients above 45 years diagnosed with AF in hospitals in Sweden.
Evaluation of pain knowledge and attitudes and beliefs from a pre-licensure physical therapy curriculum and a stand-alone pain elective.
Leptomycin B inhibits the proliferation, migration, and invasion of cultured gastric carcinoma cells.
What Does Neuroscience Tell Us About the Conversion Model of Functional Neurological Disorders?
Prognosis and Interplay of Cognitive Impairment and Sarcopenia in Older Adults Discharged from Acute Care Hospitals.
Fast Regulation of GABAAR Diffusion Dynamics by Nogo-A Signaling.
Optomotor Swimming in Larval Zebrafish Is Driven by Global Whole-Field Visual Motion and Local Light-Dark Transitions.
Brimonidine enhances inhibitory postsynaptic activity of OFF- and ON-type retinal ganglion cells in a Wistar rat chronic glaucoma model.
Genetic Landscape of Epilepsy of Infancy with Migrating Focal Seizures.
Phase separation in asymmetric cell division.
Emerging links between cerebrovascular and neurodegenerative diseases-a special role for pericytes.
Playing Exergames Facilitates Central Drive to the Ankle Dorsiflexors During Gait in Older Adults; a Quasi-Experimental Investigation.
Systematic Affinity Purification Coupled to Mass Spectrometry Identified p62 as Part of the Cannabinoid Receptor CB2 Interactome.
Impaired regulation of KCC2 phosphorylation leads to neuronal network dysfunction and neurodevelopmental pathology.
Expanding our horizons: central pattern generation in the context of complex activity sequences.
Reversal learning in Drosophila larvae.
Electoretinographic evidence of retinal ganglion cell-dependent function in schizophrenia.
An eating pattern characterised by skipped or delayed breakfast is associated with mood disorders among an Australian adult cohort.
Migrant physicians \'  entrance and advancement in the Swedish medical labour market: a cross-sectional study.
Only 8% of major preventable adverse events after hip arthroplasty are filed as claims: a Swedish multi-center cohort study on 1,998 patients.
The Neurophysiological Bases of the Impact of Neonicotinoid Pesticides on the Behaviour of Honeybees.
17beta-Estradiol Activates HSF1 via MAPK Signaling in ERalpha-Positive Breast Cancer Cells.
Novel application of the gray-level co-occurrence matrix analysis in the parvalbumin stained hippocampal gyrus dentatus in distinct rat models of Parkinson \' s disease.
Short- and long-access palatable food self-administration results in different phenotypes of binge-type eating.
Bayesian Filtering with Multiple Internal Models: Toward a Theory of Social Intelligence.
Telenurses \'  experiences of monitoring calls to parents of children with gastroenteritis.
Genetic deficiency or pharmacological inhibition of miR-33 protects from kidney fibrosis.
Novel POLG mutation in a patient with early-onset parkinsonism, progressive external ophthalmoplegia and optic atrophy.
Epidemiology, tumor characteristics and survival in patients with angiosarcoma in the United States: a population-based study of 4537 cases.
Reply: Adult-onset distal spinal muscular atrophy: a new phenotype associated with KIF5A mutations.
High dietary fat modulates neurobehavioural but not oxidative and neurochemical effects of lopinavir/ritonavir in mice.
The cellular and molecular basis of major depressive disorder: towards a unified model for understanding clinical depression.
Effects of Dabigatran in Mouse Models of Aging and Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy.
odMLtables: A User-Friendly Approach for Managing Metadata of Neurophysiological Experiments.
Early Sensory Loss Alters the Dendritic Branching and Spine Density of Supragranular Pyramidal Neurons in Rodent Primary Sensory Cortices.
Profiling the mouse brain endothelial transcriptome in health and disease models reveals a core blood-brain barrier dysfunction module.
Prenatal THC exposure produces a hyperdopaminergic phenotype rescued by pregnenolone.
Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans colonization and persistence in a primate model.
Tissue-specific FAH deficiency alters sleep-wake patterns and results in chronic tyrosinemia in mice.
Remapping in cerebral and cerebellar cortices is not restricted by somatotopy.
IL6 receptor358Ala variant and trans-signaling are disease modifiers in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Simulation of transcranial magnetic stimulation in head model with morphologically-realistic cortical neurons.
Soft tissue conduction is the third mode of auditory stimulation.
Damage and repair of the axolemmal membrane: From neural development to axonal trauma and restoration.
Parenting Interventions for Mothers With Problematic Substance Use: A Systematic Review of Research and Community Practice.
Sleep quality is related to brain glutamate and symptom severity in schizophrenia.
Synthetic enhancer compounds, besides acting on biogenic amine system, influence the glutamate transmission and stress response.
Impact of caloric restriction on peripheral nerve injury-induced neuropathic pain during aging in mice.
Optic nerve regeneration: A long view.
Dual Bioorthogonal Labeling of the Amyloid-beta Protein Precursor Facilitates Simultaneous Visualization of the Protein and Its Cleavage Products.
Sleep and fatigue in newly graduated nurses - experiences and strategies for handling shiftwork.
Expression of Protocadherin-gammaC4 protein in the rat brain.
Turbinaria ornata (Phaeophyceae) varies size and strength to maintain environmental safety factor across flow regimes.
Interaction between autophagy and the NLRP3 inflammasome.
Light Spot-Based Assay for Analysis of Drosophila Larval Phototaxis.
Residual diploidy in polyploid tissues: a cellular state with enhanced proliferative capacity for tissue regeneration?
FAIR SCI Ahead: the evolution of the Open Data Commons for preclinical spinal cord injury research (ODC-SCI.org).
Silencing of GAS5 alleviates glaucoma in rat models by reducing retinal ganglion cell apoptosis.
Measurement of plasma and platelet tissue factor pathway inhibitor, factor V and Protein S in people with haemophilia.
Long-term chemogenetic suppression of spontaneous seizures in a mouse model for temporal lobe epilepsy.
Multisensory interactions underlying flavor consumption in rats: The role of experience and unisensory component liking.
Frequent Bullying Involvement and Brain Morphology in Children.
Muscle Responses to Passive Joint Movements in Infants During the First Year of Life.
Pavlovian Olfactory Fear Conditioning: Its Neural Circuity and Importance for Understanding Clinical Fear-Based Disorders.
Potential immunotherapy for Alzheimer disease and age-related dementia.
Bi-allelic Variants in IQSEC1 Cause Intellectual Disability, Developmental Delay, and Short Stature.
Neural Correlates of Optimal Multisensory Decision Making under Time-Varying Reliabilities with an Invariant Linear Probabilistic Population Code.
Influence of Ocular Dominance Columns and Patchy Callosal Connections on Binocularity in Lateral Striate Cortex: Long Evans vs. Albino Rats.
Dopamine D2 Receptor-Mediated Modulation of Rat Retinal Ganglion Cell Excitability.
Highlights of the 13th International Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia Scientific conference.
Linking physiological processes and feeding behaviors by octopamine.
Benefits and Pitfalls of Change From Rome III to Rome IV Criteria for Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Fecal Incontinence.
Frontal cortex selectively overrides auditory processing to bias perception for looming sonic motion.
Intracerebroventricular injection of deltamethrin increases locomotion activity and causes spatial working memory and dopaminergic pathway impairment in rats.
Slit neuronal secretion coordinates optic lobe morphogenesis in Drosophila.
Overexpression of the gene product of ocular albinism 1 (GPR143/OA1) but not its mutant forms inhibits neurite outgrowth in PC12 cells.
Upstream regulation of the Hippo-Yap pathway in cardiomyocyte regeneration.
Pum2 Shapes the Transcriptome in Developing Axons through Retention of Target mRNAs in the Cell Body.
Decreased viability and neurite length in neural cells treated with chitosan-dextran sulfate nanocomplexes.
Stage-specific regulation of oligodendrocyte development by Hedgehog signaling in the spinal cord.
White matter microstructure in women with acute and remitted anorexia nervosa: an exploratory neuroimaging study.
One-step site-specific antibody fragment auto-conjugation using SNAP-tag technology.
Increased interactions and engulfment of dendrites by microglia precede Purkinje cell degeneration in a mouse model of Niemann Pick Type-C.
Plasmodium Infection Induces Dyslipidemia and a Hepatic Lipogenic State in the Host through the Inhibition of the AMPK-ACC Pathway.
Characterization of transgenic mouse models targeting neuromodulatory systems reveals organizational principles of the dorsal raphe.
High-potency ligands for DREADD imaging and activation in rodents and monkeys.
Activation of the intrinsic pain inhibitory circuit from the midcingulate Cg2 to zona incerta alleviates neuropathic pain.
An ER Assembly Line of AMPA-Receptors Controls Excitatory Neurotransmission and Its Plasticity.
Central olfactory structures.
Central taste anatomy and physiology.
Anatomy of the olfactory system.
Remarkable increase of musculoskeletal disorders among soldiers preparing for international missions - comparison between 2002 and 2012.
The neural basis of combinatory syntax and semantics.
The neurobiology of language beyond single-word processing.
Microbiomes as sources of emergent host phenotypes.
Identification and characterization of primordial germ cells in a vocal learning Neoaves species, the zebra finch.
Heteromeric TRPV4/TRPC1 channels mediate calcium-sensing receptor-induced relaxations and nitric oxide production in mesenteric arteries: comparative study using wild-type and TRPC1-/- mice.
Identification of novel LncRNA targeting Smad2/PKCalpha signal pathway to negatively regulate malignant progression of glioblastoma.
Clarifications on blood pressure measurements and the validity of the conclusions.
A multimolecular signaling complex including PrPC and LRP1 is strictly dependent on lipid rafts and is essential for the function of tissue Plasminogen Activator.
Variability in expression of the human MDR1 drug efflux transporter and genetic variation of the ABCB1 gene: implications for drug-resistant epilepsy.
Interaction of tumor cells and astrocytes promotes breast cancer brain metastases through TGF-beta2/ANGPTL4 axes.
Assessing the Interocular Symmetry of Foveal Outer Nuclear Layer Thickness in Achromatopsia.
Consciousness-specific dynamic interactions of brain integration and functional diversity.
Battery-free, lightweight, injectable microsystem for in vivo wireless pharmacology and optogenetics.
Connectivity of the Cognitive Control Network During Response Inhibition as a Predictive and Response Biomarker in Major Depression: Evidence From a Randomized Clinical Trial.
Mechanisms contributing to the genesis of hypoglossal preinspiratory discharge.
Doxorubicin-induced skeletal muscle atrophy: elucidating the underlying molecular pathways.
Rapid remote conditioning mediates modulation of blood cell paracrine activity and leads to the production of a secretome with neuroprotective features.
Fos-CreER Based Genetic Mapping of Forebrain Regions Activated by Acupuncture.
Prophylactic efficacy of 5-HT4R agonists against stress.
The structure of the serotonin system: A PET imaging study.
The obligatory role of host microbiota in bioactivation of dietary nitrate.
Computational Neuroethology: A Call to Action.
Associations Between Apolipoprotein A1, High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol, and Urinary Cytokine Levels in Elderly Males and Females.
Positron emission tomography probes targeting bromodomain and extra-terminal (BET) domains to enable in vivo neuroepigenetic imaging.
Drosophila Cryptochrome: Variations in Blue.
Late-onset psychosis and very-late-onset-schizophrenia-like-psychosis: an updated systematic review.
SEAweb: the small RNA Expression Atlas web application.
Genome-Wide Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Intermittent Fasting-Induced Metabolic Rewiring in the Liver.
Population imaging of neural activity in awake behaving mice.
[Principles and basics of immunohistochemistry].
Quantitative determination of cellular [Na+] by fluorescence lifetime imaging with CoroNaGreen.
Mnemonic Similarity Task: A Tool for Assessing Hippocampal Integrity.
Hippocampal Subregions Express Distinct Dendritic Transcriptomes that Reveal Differences in Mitochondrial Function in CA2.
Shank Proteins Couple the Endocytic Zone to the Postsynaptic Density to Control Trafficking and Signaling of Metabotropic Glutamate Receptor 5.
In Search for Biomarkers, Endophenotypes or Biosignatures of PTSD: What Have We Learned from the South East European Study.
Palpation of Increased Skin and Subcutaneous Thickness, Tissue Dielectric Constant, and Water Displacement Method for Diagnosis of Early Mild Arm Lymphedema.
Short-term plasticity following motor sequence learning revealed by diffusion magnetic resonance imaging.
Modular organization of cerebellar climbing fiber inputs during goal-directed behavior.
Cocaine-induced endocannabinoid signaling mediated by sigma-1 receptors and extracellular vesicle secretion.
LINC01342 promotes the progression of ovarian cancer by absorbing microRNA-30c-2-3p to upregulate HIF3A.
A validation study of the ICECAP-O in informal carers of people with dementia from eight European Countries.
Clinical and Genetic Profiles in Chinese Patients with Huntington \' s Disease: A Ten-year Multicenter Study in China.
Basal Sodium-Dependent Vitamin C Transporter 2 polarization in choroid plexus explant cells in normal or scorbutic conditions.
Neuronal ER-plasma membrane junctions organized by Kv2-VAP pairing recruit Nir proteins and affect phosphoinositide homeostasis.
N-Terminal modification of Arg-Leu-Tyr-Glu, a VEGFR-2 antagonist, improves anti-tumor activity by increasing its stability against serum peptidases.
Parallel genomic architecture underlies repeated sexual signal divergence in Hawaiian Laupala crickets.
Gold nanoparticles potentiates N-acetylcysteine effects on neurochemicals alterations in rats after polymicrobial sepsis.
Stavudine Reduces NLRP3 Inflammasome Activation and Modulates Amyloid-beta Autophagy.
Goal-Oriented Behaviour: The Ventral Tegmental Area in Motivated Movements.
Molecular MR Imaging with Gd(III)-based Agents: Challenges and Key Advances.
Ataxin2 functions via CrebA to mediate Huntingtin toxicity in circadian clock neurons.
Exercise and Microstructural Changes in the Motor Cortex of Older Adults.
Regulation of the autophagy-marker Sequestosome 1 in periodontal cells and tissues by biomechanical loading.
Depth-resolved fiber photometry with a single tapered optical fiber implant.
A lipid site shapes the agonist response of a pentameric ligand-gated ion channel.
FUS-mediated regulation of acetylcholine receptor transcription at neuromuscular junctions is compromised in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Identification of neurobehavioural symptom groups based on shared brain mechanisms.
Impaired adult neurogenesis is an early event in Alzheimer \' s disease neurodegeneration, mediated by intracellular Abeta oligomers.
A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of the Impact of Mindfulness Based Interventions on Heart Rate Variability and Inflammatory Markers.
Development of a Simple Pretreatment Immunoassay Based on an Organic Solvent-Tolerant Nanobody for the Detection of Carbofuran in Vegetable and Fruit Samples.
Creating a neuroprosthesis for active tactile exploration of textures.
Divergent roles of astrocytic versus neuronal EAAT2 deficiency on cognition and overlap with aging and Alzheimer \' s molecular signatures.
Fatal Group A Streptococcal Brain Abscess in Adulthood.
Multitasking: Dual Leucine Zipper-Bearing Kinases in Neuronal Development and Stress Management.
Quantitative Imaging of White and Gray Matter Remyelination in the Cuprizone Demyelination Model Using the Macromolecular Proton Fraction.
Acetylcholine Receptor Activation as a Modulator of Glioblastoma Invasion.
Phospholipase C-related catalytically inactive protein regulates lipopolysaccharide-induced hypothalamic inflammation-mediated anorexia in mice.
Electrical high frequency stimulation of the nucleus accumbens shell does not modulate depressive-like behavior in rats.
Tnni3k alleles influence ventricular mononuclear diploid cardiomyocyte frequency.
A water-soluble nanoconjugate for enhanced cellular delivery of receptor-targeted MR contrast agents.
Duration of American football play and chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
[EXPRESS] Single cell q-PCR derived expression profiles of identified sensory neurons.
Improving fitness increases dentate gyrus/CA3 volume in the hippocampal head and enhances memory in young adults.
CircaCompare: A method to estimate and statistically support differences in mesor, amplitude, and phase, between circadian rhythms.
Erythritol Ingestion Causes Concentration-Dependent Mortality in Eastern Subterranean Termites (Blattodea: Rhinotermitidae).
A Resting-State Network Comparison of Combat-Related PTSD with Combat-Exposed and Civilian Controls.
VSTM2A suppresses colorectal cancer and antagonizes Wnt signaling receptor LRP6.
Corrigendum: The Biological Basis of Mathematical Beauty.
Metabolomics of the aqueous humor in patients with primary congenital glaucoma.
Regulation of Mother-to-Offspring Transmission of mtDNA Heteroplasmy.
Complementary Task Structure Representations in Hippocampus and Orbitofrontal Cortex during an Odor Sequence Task.
Ultrasonic Neuromodulation via Astrocytic TRPA1.
Orofacial Movements Involve Parallel Corticobulbar Projections from Motor Cortex to Trigeminal Premotor Nuclei.
The impact of antipsychotic medication on IL-6/STAT3 signalling axis in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of drug-naive schizophrenia patients.
Urokinase receptor and tissue plasminogen activator as immediate early genes in pentylenetetrazole-induced seizures in the mouse brain.
Glial pathology in a novel spontaneous mutant mouse of the Eif2b5 gene: a vanishing white matter disease model.
Isolation and characterization of human amniotic fluid and SH-SY5Y/ BE(2)-M17 cell derived exosomes.
Alteration of oxidative stress markers and behavior of rats in a novel model of depression.
Could a specific exercise programme prevent injury in elite orienteerers? A randomised controlled trial.
ChaRTr: An R toolbox for modeling choices and response times in decision-making tasks.
Involvement of ventral pallidal vasopressin in the sex-specific regulation of sociosexual motivation in rats.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of new multi-target 3-(1H-indol-3-yl)pyrrolidine-2,5-dione derivatives with potential antidepressant effect.
Sensory evoked fMRI paradigms in awake mice.
Mesenchymal stem cells and treadmill trainnig enhance function and promote tissue preservation after spinal cord injury.
Apelin-36 Mediates Neuroprotective Effects by Regulating oxidative stress, autophagy and apoptosis in MPTP-induced Parkinson \' s Disease model mice.
On the Mechanism of Bilayer Separation by Extrusion, or Why Your LUVs Are Not Really Unilamellar.
Identification of Spinal Neurons Contributing to the Dorsal Column Projection Mediating Fine Touch and Corrective Motor Movements.
Neuroprotective effects of lignan 7-hydroxymatairesinol (HMR/lignan) in a rodent model of Parkinson \' s disease.
Mesencephalic Astrocyte-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Is Upregulated with Therapeutic Fasting in Humans and Diet Fat Withdrawal in Obese Mice.
cPKCbetaII is significant to hypoxic preconditioning in mice cerebrum.
Using EMG to deliver lumbar dynamic electrical stimulation to facilitate cortico-spinal excitability.
Cardiomyocyte Polyploidy and Implications for Heart Regeneration.
V1 microcircuits underlying mouse visual behavior.
Genomic Decoding of Neuronal Depolarization by Stimulus-Specific NPAS4 Heterodimers.
Sleep and the Balance between Memory and Forgetting.
Imaging the Emergence of Behavior.
Adiponectin deficiency induces mitochondrial dysfunction and promotes endothelial activation and pulmonary vascular injury.
Changes in inflammatory plasma proteins from patients with chronic pain associated with treatment in an interdisciplinary multimodal rehabilitation program - an explorative multivariate pilot study.
The next level of care in epilepsy: Delays, more delays, delays everywhere.
Has multiple trace theory been refuted?
Distinct functions of TMC channels: a comparative overview.
Being  \' alone \'  striving for belonging and adaption in a new reality - The experiences of spouse carers of persons with dementia.
Maternal age and risk of cesarean section in women with induced labor at term - a Nordic register-based study.
Astroglia in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Neuroglia in Ageing.
General Pathophysiology of Astroglia.
Gliocrine System: Astroglia as Secretory Cells of the CNS.
Physiology of Astroglia.
Evolution of Neuroglia.
The Concept of Neuroglia.
Serum Endocannabinoid Levels in Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease.
MZF1 in the Dorsal Root Ganglia Contributes to the Development and Maintenance of Neuropathic Pain via Regulation of TRPV1.
Targeted knockout of GABA receptor gamma 2 subunit provokes transient light-induced reflex seizures in zebrafish larvae.
Control of Non-REM Sleep by Midbrain Neurotensinergic Neurons.
Pain drawings, interpreter support and clinical findings among immigrant patients on sick leave in Swedish primary health care.
Strain variations in cone wavelength peaks in situ during zebrafish development.
Proteomic Analysis of Longitudinal Changes in Blood Pressure.
Target-Specific Action Classification for Automated Assessment of Human Motor Behavior from Video.
Extramacrochaetae promotes branch and bouton number via the sequestration of daughterless in the cytoplasm of neurons.
Association between physical activity and all-cause mortality: a 15-year follow-up using a compositional data analysis.
Long-term cognitive impairment without diffuse axonal injury following repetitive mild traumatic brain injury in rats.
European DLB consortium: diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers in dementia with Lewy bodies, a multicenter international initiative.
Pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and safety studies on URB937, a peripherally restricted fatty acid amide hydrolase inhibitor, in rats.
Psychological correlates of multimorbidity and disability accumulation in older adults.
Hypothalamic dopamine signaling regulates brown fat thermogenesis.
Peripheral nerve pathology in sickle cell disease mice.
Waiting for the Entourage.
Disruptive variants of CSDE1 associate with autism and interfere with neuronal development and synaptic transmission.
Warm seawater temperature promotes substrate colonization by the blue coral, Heliopora coerulea.
Stronger antioxidant enzyme immunoreactivity of Populus tomentiglandulosa extract than ascorbic acid in rat liver and kidney.
Rehabilitation decreases spasticity by restoring chloride homeostasis through the BDNF-KCC2 pathway after SCI.
The effects of natural substrate discontinuities on the quadrupedal gait kinematics of free-ranging Saimiri sciureus.
Sleep problems increase school accidents related to allergic diseases.
Venous thromboembolism 2011-2018 in Stockholm: a demographic study.
Target genes, variants, tissues and transcriptional pathways influencing human serum urate levels.
Dysregulation of the unfolded protein response (UPR) in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in elderly patients with schizophrenia.
The novel phosphodiesterase 9A inhibitor BI 409306 increases cyclic guanosine monophosphate levels in the brain, promotes synaptic plasticity and enhances memory function in rodents.
The cofilin/Limk1 pathway controls the growth rate of both developing and regenerating motor axons.
Peptic ulcer disease.
Comorbidities and relevant outcomes, commonly associated with cancer, of patients newly diagnosed with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer in Sweden.
Auto-Regulation of Leptin Neurobiology.
A novel mouse model of contralateral C7 transfer via the pretracheal route: A feasibility study.
Impact of resolution and texture of laser scanning generated 3D models on landmark identification.
Morphological and Masticatory Performance Variation of Mouth Behavior Groups.
Selective-cold output via a distinct subset of lamina I spinoparabrachial neurons.
A dynamic, imperturbable link between midbrain activity and saccade velocity.
Peroxisome turnover and diurnal modulation of antioxidant activity in retinal pigment epithelia utilizes microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3B.
Adequate Prenatal Maternal Folate-An Additional Intervention Strategy Among Populations Affected by Prenatal Lead Exposure?
Association of Antidepressant Use With Adverse Health Outcomes: A Systematic Umbrella Review.
Trichotillomania is more related to Tourette disorder than to obsessive-compulsive disorder.
LncRNAs down-regulate Myh1, Casr, and Mis18a expression in the Substantia Nigra of aged male rats.
Synthesis, characterization and anticonvulsant activity of new series of N-modified analogues of VV-hemorphin-5 with aminophosphonate moiety.
Associations Between Midlife but not Late-Life, Elevated Coronary Heart Disease Risk and Lower Cognitive Performance: Results From the Framingham Offspring Study.
Prevention of cognitive decline in old age-varying effects of interventions in different populations.
Publisher Correction: A neural circuit for comorbid depressive symptoms in chronic pain.
Ube2b-dependent degradation of DNMT3a relieves a transcriptional brake on opiate-induced synaptic and behavioral plasticity.
Reducing EphA4 before disease onset does not affect survival in a mouse model of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Molecular Inhibitor of QSOX1 Suppresses Tumor Growth in vivo.
Muscle-selective RUNX3 dependence of sensorimotor circuit development.
ARFRP1 functions upstream of ARL1 and ARL5 to coordinate recruitment of distinct tethering factors to the trans-Golgi network.
Advances in the neurobiology of stress and psychosis.
Comparing the prognostic value of geriatric health indicators: a population-based study.
Different preprocessing strategies lead to different conclusions: A [11C]DASB-PET reproducibility study.
Adult Stem Cell Therapeutics in Diabetic Retinopathy.
CDDO-Me Attenuates Vasogenic Edema and Astroglial Death by Regulating NF-kappaB p65 Phosphorylations and Nrf2 Expression Following Status Epilepticus.
NURR1 Impairment in Multiple Sclerosis.
Bisphenol A triggers axonal injury and myelin degeneration with concomitant neurobehavioral toxicity in C57BL/6J male mice.
Analyzing Nursing Students \'  Relation to Electronic Health and Technology as Individuals and Students and in Their Future Career (the eNursEd Study): Protocol for a Longitudinal Study.
Modeling neuronal diseases in zebrafish in the era of CRISPR.
The kinetic component in drug discovery: Using the most basic pharmacological concepts to advance in selecting drugs to combat CNS diseases.
Incorporating methods and findings from neuroscience to better understand placebo and nocebo effects in sport.
Inhibition of Amyloid-beta Aggregation by Cobalt(III) Schiff Base Complexes: A Computational and Experimental Approach.
Power analysis.
Improved HCN channels in pyramidal neurons and their new expression levels in pericytes and astrocytes in the gerbil hippocampal CA1 subfield following transient ischemia.
Post-hoc Analysis of Outcome of Intravenous Thrombolysis in Infarcts of Infratentorial Localization in the WAKE-UP Trial.
Developmental Aspects of Glucose and Calcium Availability on the Persistence of Memory Function Over the Lifespan.
Human Memories Can Be Linked by Temporal Proximity.
The Influence of EEG References on the Analysis of Spatio-Temporal Interrelation Patterns.
Trophic factors are essential for the survival of grafted oligodendrocyte progenitors and for neuroprotection after perinatal excitotoxicity.
Taking central nervous system regenerative therapies to the clinic: curing rodents versus nonhuman primates versus humans.
Navigating the dynamic landscape of alpha-synuclein morphology: a review of the physiologically relevant tetrameric conformation.
Molecular complexity of visual mapping: a challenge for regenerating therapy.
Interplay between neural stem cells and glioblastoma: possible role of neurotrophin signaling.
A systems view of spliceosomal assembly and branchpoints with iCLIP.
Magneto is ineffective in controlling electrical properties of cerebellar Purkinje cells.
Phagolysosome resolution requires contacts with the endoplasmic reticulum and phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate signalling.
High levels of AAV vector integration into CRISPR-induced DNA breaks.
Amyloid-beta impairs TOM1-mediated IL-1R1 signaling.
Towards robust functional neuroimaging genetics of cognition.
Functional Consequences of Calcium-Dependent Synapse-to-Nucleus Communication: Focus on Transcription-Dependent Metabolic Plasticity.
Causes and consequences of representational drift.
Peripheral biomarkers allow differential diagnosis between schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Effects of the adjunctive treatment of antidepressants with opiorphin on a panic-like defensive response in rats.
Region-specific adenosinergic modulation of the slow-cortical rhythm in urethane-anesthetized rats.
Baicalein suppresses Repeat Tau fibrillization by sequestering oligomers.
Cortical morphometry and structural connectivity relate to executive function and estradiol level in healthy adolescents.
TRPM2 channel: A novel target for alleviating ischaemia-reperfusion, chronic cerebral hypo-perfusion and neonatal hypoxic-ischaemic brain damage.
Psychometric properties of SF-36, EQ-5D, and HADS in patients with chronic pain.
Antihypertensive drug classes and the risk of hip fracture: results from the Swedish primary care cardiovascular database.
Pain in persons with mild-moderate Parkinson \' s disease: a cross-sectional study of pain severity and associated factors.
Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor A Signaling Promotes Spinal Central Sensitization and Pain-related Behaviors in Female Rats with Bone Cancer.
Retention of Alzheimer Disease Research Participants.
ChIPseqSpikeInFree: A ChIP-seq normalization approach to reveal global changes in histone modifications without spike-in.
Visualizing Astrocyte Morphology Using Lucifer Yellow Iontophoresis.
A toolbox of nanobodies developed and validated for use as intrabodies and nanoscale immunolabels in mammalian brain neurons.
BMP7 functions predominantly as a heterodimer with BMP2 or BMP4 during mammalian embryogenesis.
Understanding exercise promotion in rheumatic diseases: A qualitative study among physical therapists.
Streak artifact suppression in photoacoustic computed tomography using adaptive back projection.
The individuality index: a measure to quantify the degree of inter-individual, spatial variability in intra-cerebral brain electric and metabolic activity.
Beneficial effects of Japanese sake yeast supplement on biochemical, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory factors in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Light-Mediated Circuit Switching in the Drosophila Neuronal Clock Network.
Precise Coordination of Three-Dimensional Rotational Kinematics by Ventral Tegmental Area GABAergic Neurons.
Single-Cell Reconstruction of Emerging Population Activity in an Entire Developing Circuit.
Reframing PTSD for computational psychiatry with the active inference framework.
The TCL1 function revisited focusing on metabolic requirements of stemness.
Patterns of participation: Facilitating and hindering aspects related to places for activities outside the home after stroke.
Influence of microRNAs and exosomes in muscle health and diseases.
Human CCR5high effector memory cells perform CNS parenchymal immune surveillance via GZMK-mediated transendothelial diapedesis.
Famotidine has a neuroprotective effect on MK-801 induced toxicity via the Akt/GSK-3beta/beta-catenin signaling pathway in the SH-SY5Y cell line.
Sex Differences in the Amygdala Resting-State Connectome of Children With Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Prophylactic (R,S)-ketamine selectively protects against inflammatory stressors.
Modulation of hippocampal neuronal resilience during aging by the Hsp70/Hsp90 co-chaperone STI1.
Diagnostic test accuracy for use of machine learning in diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Sex differences in escalated methamphetamine self-administration and altered gene expression associated with incubation of methamphetamine seeking.
(In)visible materialities in the context of dementia care.
Role of Bioactive Sphingolipids in Inflammation and Eye Diseases.
Manipulating energy migration within single lanthanide activator for switchable upconversion emissions towards bidirectional photoactivation.
Mecp2 deletion from cholinergic neurons selectively impairs recognition memory and disrupts cholinergic modulation of the perirhinal cortex.
Importance of potentially inappropriate medications, number of chronic conditions and medications for the risk of hospitalisation in elderly in Sweden: a case-control study.
Brain Changes Induced by Electroconvulsive Therapy Are Broadly Distributed.
TLR4-RelA-miR-30a signal pathway regulates Th17 differentiation during experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis development.
Extra-Hippocampal Learning Deficits in Young Apolipoprotein E4 Mice and Their Synaptic Underpinning.
Anti-schistosomal action of the calcium channel agonist FPL-64176.
Special Issue of the Journal of Chemical Neuroanatomy "New methods for studying brain connectivity using viral tracing".
Connexin 50 and AQP0 are Essential in Maintaining Organization and Integrity of Lens Fibers.
NOS3 Deletion in Cav1 Deficient Mice Decreases Drug Sensitivity to a Nitric Oxide Donor and Two Nitric Oxide Synthase Inhibitors.
Deficits in Explicit Language Problem Solving Rather Than in Implicit Learning in Specific Language Impairment: Evidence From Learning an Artificial Morphological Rule.
Forced Physical Training Increases Neuronal Proliferation and Maturation with Their Integration into Normal Circuits in Pilocarpine Induced Status Epilepticus Mice.
Corrigendum to: -PTEN activity defines an axis for plasticity at cortico-amygdala synapses and influences social behavior.
Correction to: ADAR2 mislocalization and widespread RNA editing aberrations in C9orf72-mediated ALS/FTD.
Functional and Neuroprotective Role of Striatal Adenosine A2A Receptor Heterotetramers.
Evolving principles underlying neural lineage conversion and their relevance for biomedical translation.
Elimination of the four extracellular matrix molecules tenascin-C, tenascin-R, brevican and neurocan alters the ratio of excitatory and inhibitory synapses.
Author Correction: Cognitive control of complex motor behavior in marmoset monkeys.
Targeting a moonlighting function of aldolase induces apoptosis in cancer cells.
Altered actin filament dynamics in the Drosophila mushroom bodies lead to fast acquisition of alcohol consumption preference.
Effects of FGF14 and NaVbeta4 deletion on transient and resurgent Na current in cerebellar Purkinje neurons.
The function of PLCgamma1 in developing mouse mDA system.
Gaps and barriers: Gap junctions as a channel of communication between the soma and the germline.
Social cognition in schizophrenia: A network-based approach to a Taiwanese version of the Reading the Mind in the Eyes test.
Cross-cultural adaptation and inter-rater reliability of the Swedish version of the Chelsea critical care assessment tool (CPAX-Swe) in critically ill patients.
Processing and Maturation of Cathepsin C Zymogen: A Biochemical and Molecular Modeling Analysis.
Scratching after Stroking and Poking: A Spinal Circuit Underlying Mechanical Itch.
Striatal responsiveness to reward under threat-of-shock and working memory load: A preliminary study.
Interocular symmetry, intraobserver repeatability, and interobserver reliability of cone density measurements in the 13-lined ground squirrel.
Multi-omics analysis identifies mitochondrial pathways associated with anxiety-related behavior.
Glutamate, GABA, and Presynaptic Markers Involved in Neurotransmission Are Differently Affected by Age in Distinct Mouse Brain Regions.
A Phase 2, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Adjunctive Pimavanserin in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder and an Inadequate Response to Therapy (CLARITY).
Effects of the alpha-1 antagonist prazosin on KOR agonist-induced reinstatement of alcohol seeking.
Recommendations for evaluation of bladder and bowel function in pre-clinical spinal cord injury research.
Sex influences in the preventive effects of N-acetylcysteine in a two-hit animal model of schizophrenia.
Immunomodulatory and neuroprotective mechanisms of Huangqi glycoprotein treatment in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
APOE genetic variants and apoE, miR-107 and miR-650 levels in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Ways of understanding nursing in psychiatric in-patient care - A phenomenographic study.
Comparative genomic analysis of the pheromone receptor Class 1 family (V1R) reveals extreme complexity in mouse lemurs (genus, Microcebus) and a chromosomal hotspot across mammals.
Reversal of the Warburg phenomenon in chemoprevention of prostate cancer by sulforaphane.
Learning to read recycles visual cortical networks without destruction.
Multiplexed analysis of the secretin-like GPCR-RAMP interactome.
Microglia Regulate Pruning of Specialized Synapses in the Auditory Brainstem.
Excitability Tuning of Axons by Afterdepolarization.
Cortical Plasticity Induced by Anodal Transcranial Pulsed Current Stimulation Investigated by Combining Two-Photon Imaging and Electrophysiological Recording.
African trypanosomes expressing multiple VSGs are rapidly eliminated by the host immune system.
Effects of natalizumab therapy on intrathecal antiviral antibody responses in MS.
Targeting Foam Cell Formation in Atherosclerosis: Therapeutic Potential of Natural Products.
GAP-43 is involved in the orientation of cell division by interacting with GAlphaI during neurogenesis.
hESC-Derived Dopaminergic Transplants Integrate into Basal Ganglia Circuitry in a Preclinical Model of Parkinson \' s Disease.
Mapping Brain-Wide Afferent Inputs of Parvalbumin-Expressing GABAergic Neurons in Barrel Cortex Reveals Local and Long-Range Circuit Motifs.
Conformational Sensors and Domain Swapping Reveal Structural and Functional Differences between beta-Arrestin Isoforms.
Ciliary neurotrophic factor signaling in the rat orbitofrontal cortex ameliorates stress-induced deficits in reversal learning.
Sex modifies the consequences of extended fructose consumption on liver health, motor function, and physiological damage in rats.
Lactoferrin Coupled Lower Generation PAMAM Dendrimers for Brain Targeted Delivery of Memantine in Aluminum-Chloride-Induced Alzheimer \' s Disease in Mice.
Differential expression of glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor splice variants in the mouse brain.
Regulation of apoptosis in the ischemic penumbra in the first day post-stroke.
Protective effect of hydrogen sulfide on oxidative stress-induced neurodegenerative diseases.
Genetic targeting of astrocytes to combat neurodegenerative disease.
Safety of inhaled hydrogen gas in healthy mice.
Non-muscle myosin II activation: adding a classical touch to ROCK.
Protein kinase Akt2/PKBbeta is involved in blastomere proliferation of preimplantation mouse embryos.
Transplantation of Neural Tissue: Quail-Chick Chimeras.
Reverse Genetic Approaches to Investigate the Neurobiology of the Cnidarian Sea Anemone Nematostella vectensis.
Uncommon and/or bizarre features of dementia: part IV.
The active contribution of OPCs to neuroinflammation is mediated by LRP1.
Lesion of intergeniculate leaflet GABAergic neurons attenuates sleep in mice exposed to light.
Prediction of adolescent subjective well-being: A machine learning approach.
A de novo KCNQ2 Gene Mutation Associated With Non-familial Early Onset Seizures: Case Report and Revision of Literature Data.
Serum-free media supplements carry miRNAs that co-purify with extracellular vesicles.
Neurobiology and Therapeutic Potential of Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) Inhibitors for Inflammation in Neuropsychiatric Disorders.
Clinical Course, Neurobiology and Therapeutic Approaches to Treatment Resistant Schizophrenia. Toward an Integrated View.
Memory Decline and Behavioral Inflexibility in Aged Mice Are Correlated With Dysregulation of Protein Synthesis Capacity.
LSO:Ce Inorganic Scintillators Are Biocompatible With Neuronal and Circuit Function.
Sex, Drugs, and the Medial Amygdala: A Model of Enhanced Sexual Motivation in the Female Rat.
Common brain disorders are associated with heritable patterns of apparent aging of the brain.
The neurobiological foundation of memory retrieval.
Fragmented mitochondria released from microglia trigger A1 astrocytic response and propagate inflammatory neurodegeneration.
Assessing non-conveyed patients in the ambulance service: a phenomenological interview study with Swedish ambulance clinicians.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor stimulation of T-type Ca2+ channels in sensory neurons contributes to increased peripheral pain sensitivity.
Tics and functional tic-like movements: Can we tell them apart?
A NeuroD1 AAV-Based Gene Therapy for Functional Brain Repair after Ischemic Injury through In Vivo Astrocyte-to-Neuron Conversion.
Intrinsic calcification angle: a novel feature of the vulnerable coronary plaque in patients with type 2 diabetes: an optical coherence tomography study.
Loss of Orai2-Mediated Capacitative Ca2+ Entry Is Neuroprotective in Acute Ischemic Stroke.
Changes in Protein Glycosylation as a Result of Aptamer Interactions with Cancer Cells.
Kainate receptors have different modulatory effect in seizure-like events and slow rhythmic activity in entorhinal cortex ex vivo.
Neuroscience: A New Golden Age for Neurourology.
The critical role of persistent sodium current in hippocampal gamma oscillations.
Morphological alterations of intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells after ablation of mouse photoreceptors with selective photocoagulation.
Effect of PEGylated Magnetic PLGA-PEI Nanoparticles on Primary Hippocampal Neurons: Reduced Nanoneurotoxicity and Enhanced Transfection Efficiency with Magnetofection.
Prevalence of postpartum depression and anxiety among women with spinal cord injury.
Relation between activity-induced intracellular sodium transients and ATP dynamics in mouse hippocampal neurons.
Identification of putative amine receptor complement in the eyestalk of the crayfish, Procambarus clarkii.
CA1-projecting subiculum neurons facilitate object-place learning.
DART-seq: an antibody-free method for global m6A detection.
Brillouin microscopy: an emerging tool for mechanobiology.
Reassessing the role of histaminergic tuberomammillary neurons in arousal control.
Early Rehabilitation Program and Vitamin D Supplementation Improves Sensitivity of Balance and the Postural Control in Patients after Posterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion: A Randomized Trial.
Estrogens Counteract Platinum-Chemosensitivity by Modifying the Subcellular Localization of MDM4.
Blockade of Intranigral and Systemic D3 Receptors Stimulates Motor Activity in the Rat Promoting a Reciprocal Interaction among Glutamate, Dopamine, and GABA.
The Benefit of Large Neutral Amino Acid Supplementation to a Liberalized Phenylalanine-Restricted Diet in Adult Phenylketonuria Patients: Evidence from Adult Pah-Enu2 Mice.
A 2-Min Transient Ischemia Confers Cerebral Ischemic Tolerance in Non-Obese Gerbils, but Results in Neuronal Death in Obese Gerbils by Increasing Abnormal mTOR Activation-Mediated Oxidative Stress and Neuroinflammation.
Obsessive-compulsive or addiction? Categorical diagnostic analysis of excoriation disorder compared to obsessive-compulsive disorder and gambling disorder.
Associations between poor sleep and glucose intolerance in prediabetes.
Apical-Basal Polarity Signaling Components, Lgl1 and aPKCs, Control Glutamatergic Synapse Number and Function.
Differential Roles of Each Orexin Receptor Signaling in Obesity.
Structured testing during seizures: A practical guide for assessing and interpreting ictal and postictal signs during video EEG long term monitoring.
Evaluation of the anticonvulsant effect of novel melatonin derivatives in the intravenous pentylenetetrazol seizure test in mice.
Enteric neuron density correlates with clinical features of severe gut dysmotility.
A combined strategy of neuropeptide prediction and tandem mass spectrometry identifies evolutionarily conserved ancient neuropeptides in the sea anemone Nematostella vectensis.
Exploring future possibilities of using information and communication technology in multidisciplinary rehabilitation after stroke - a grounded theory study.
Linalool attenuates oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction mediated by glutamate and NMDA toxicity.
Oxidative and nitrosative stress in the neurotoxicity of polybrominated diphenyl ether-153: possible mechanism and potential targeted intervention.
A scalable platform for the development of cell-type-specific viral drivers.
Lateral orbitofrontal gray matter abnormalities in subjects with problematic smartphone use.
Discovering the Benefits of Group Peer Review of Submitted Manuscripts.
Ontogeny of the adrenocortical response in an extremely altricial bird.
Evolution of nociception and pain: evidence from fish models.
ABCA4 Gene Screening in a Chinese Cohort With Stargardt Disease: Identification of 37 Novel Variants.
Identification of the Early Stage of Alzheimer \' s Disease Using Structural MRI and Resting-State fMRI.
Craving in Opioid Use Disorder: From Neurobiology to Clinical Practice.
Reversal of Cognitive Impairment in gp120 Transgenic Mice by the Removal of the p75 Neurotrophin Receptor.
Cellular and Neural Responses to Sour Stimuli Require the Proton Channel Otop1.
Multiple system atrophy - Are cerebrospinal fluid cytokines reliable potential diagnostic marker?
Visual versus Verbal Working Memory in Statistically Determined Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment: On behalf of the Consortium for Clinical and Epidemiological Neuropsychological Data Analysis (CENDA).
Immigrants \'  mental health service use compared to that of native Finns: a register study.
Cell-based assays that predict in vivo neurotoxicity of urban ambient nano-sized particulate matter.
Structure-function and application of plant lectins in disease biology and immunity.
Pathogenic Tau Impairs Axon Initial Segment Plasticity and Excitability Homeostasis.
Noradrenaline is crucial for the substantia nigra dopaminergic cell maintenance.
Axonal transport defects and neurodegeneration: Molecular mechanisms and therapeutic implications.
Assessment of the technical usability and efficacy of a new portable dry-electrode EEG recorder: First results of the HOMEONE study.
Diagnostic yield of high-density versus low-density EEG: The effect of spatial sampling, timing and duration of recording.
Outcomes of strabismus surgery in genetically confirmed congenital fibrosis of the extraocular muscles.
The alpha- and beta-noradrenergic receptors blockade in the dorsal raphe nucleus impairs the panic-like response elaborated by medial hypothalamus neurons.
Neural architecture of the vertebrate brain: implications for the interaction between emotion and cognition.
Effect of expression alteration in flanking genes on phenotypes of St8sia2-deficient mice.
Regulation of the endosomal SNX27-retromer by OTULIN.
Higher CSF Tau Levels Are Related to Hippocampal Hyperactivity and Object Mnemonic Discrimination in Older Adults.
Nuclear Receptor Nr4a1 Regulates Striatal Striosome Development and Dopamine D1 Receptor Signaling.
Beta Frequency Oscillations in the Subthalamic Nucleus Are Not Sufficient for the Development of Symptoms of Parkinsonian Bradykinesia/Akinesia in Rats.
Single prolonged stress alters neural activation in the periacqueductal gray and midline thalamic nuclei during emotional learning and memory.
Behavioral and immunohistochemical characterization of rapid reconditioning following extinction of contextual fear.
Pituitary Adenylate Cyclase-Activating Polypeptide: 30 Years in Research Spotlight and 600 Million Years in Service.
Risperidone Treatment after Transient Ischemia Induces Hypothermia and Provides Neuroprotection in the Gerbil Hippocampus by Decreasing Oxidative Stress.
Accelerated development of cocaine-associated dopamine transients and cocaine use vulnerability following traumatic stress.
The use of a double-layer platinum black-conducting polymer coating for improvement of neural recording and mitigation of photoelectric artifact.
Validation of structural brain connectivity networks: The impact of scanning parameters.
Time-Dependent Hemeoxygenase-1, Lipocalin-2 and Ferritin Induction After Non-Contusion Traumatic Brain Injury.
RelB regulates lymphatic endothelial cells during vessel maturation and is required for lymphatic vessel function in adult mice.
This Article Corrects: "Development of a Clinical Teaching Evaluation and Feedback Tool for Emergency Medicine Faculty".
Hypoxia-induced biosynthesis of gold nanoparticles in the living brain.
GFR-alpha1 expression in substantia nigra increases bilaterally following unilateral striatal GDNF in aged rats and attenuates nigral tyrosine hydroxylase loss following 6-OHDA nigrostriatal lesion.
National Expansion of Sleep Telemedicine for Veterans: The TeleSleep Program.
Organ-specific small non-coding RNA responses in domestic (Sudani) ducks experimentally infected with highly pathogenic avian influenza virus (H5N1).
Astrocytes in chronic pain and itch.
Photopharmacologic Vision Restoration Reduces Pathological Rhythmic Field Potentials in Blind Mouse Retina.
Metagenomic deep sequencing reveals association of microbiome signature with functional biases in bovine mastitis.
Isoform specificity of PKMs during long-term facilitation in Aplysia is mediated through stabilization by KIBRA.
Death at home: predictive factors in a medical home care unit.
Inhibition of transcription and translation in dorsal hippocampus does not interfere with consolidation of memory of intense training.
Alzheimer \' s disease pathogenesis: The role of disturbed sleep in attenuated brain plasticity and neurodegenerative processes.
Short-term effects of multiple outdoor environmental factors on risk of asthma exacerbations: age-stratified time-series analysis.
Mitochondria modulatory effects of new TSPO ligands in a cellular model of tauopathies.
Activation of pruritogenic TGR5, MRGPRA3, and MRGPRC11 on colon-innervating afferents induces visceral hypersensitivity.
Multimodal Imaging of Amyloid Plaques: Fusion of the Single-probe Mass Spectrometry Image and Fluorescence Microscopy Image.
ON selectivity in Drosophila vision is a multisynaptic process involving both glutamatergic and GABAergic inhibition.
Structural Basis for Achieving GSK-3  Inhibition with High Potency, Selectivity and Brain Exposure for PET Imaging and Drug Discovery.
Dual modulation of neuron-specific microRNAs and the REST complex promotes functional maturation of human adult induced neurons.
Experimental increase in predation risk causes a cascading stress response in free-ranging snowshoe hares.
The hepatokine Tsukushi gates energy expenditure via brown fat sympathetic innervation.
Neural control of sexually dimorphic social behaviors.
Circadian Variation of Migraine Attack Onset: A Review of Clinical Studies.
Mesenchymal stem cell-derived exosomes as a nanotherapeutic agent for amelioration of inflammation-induced astrocyte alterations in mice.
Mechanosensing through immunoreceptors.
The role of the GABAA receptor Alpha 1 subunit in the ventral hippocampus in stress resilience.
Escape responses of fish: a review of the diversity in motor control, kinematics and behaviour.
Functional Reorganization of Local Circuit Connectivity in Superficial Spinal Dorsal Horn with Neuropathic Pain States.
Maternal complications in twin pregnancies in Finland during 1987-2014: a retrospective study.
Effects of 7-Methylxanthine on Deprivation Myopia and Retinal Dopamine Release in Chickens.
A High-Content Screen Identifies TPP1 and Aurora B as Regulators of Axonal Mitochondrial Transport.
Increasing the Expression Level of ChR2 Enhances the Optogenetic Excitability of Cochlear Neurons.
Databases and Web Sites for Neurogenetics.
Cellular and Extracellular Matrix of bone, with Principals of Synthesis and Dependency of Mineral Deposition on Cell Membrane Transport.
Blood pressure response to treatment of obese vs non-obese adults with sleep apnea.
Rats exhibit similar biases in foraging and intertemporal choice tasks.
Neuroanatomical distribution and functions of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in zebrafish (Danio rerio) brain.
Impacts of early social experience on cognitive development in infant rhesus macaques.
Vitamin D Receptor Gene Polymorphisms and Autoimmune Thyroiditis: Are They Associated with Disease Occurrence and Its Features?
Neural JNK3 regulates blood flow recovery after hindlimb ischemia in mice via an Egr1/Creb1 axis.
Role of the dorsal periaqueductal gray in posttraumatic stress disorder: mediation by dopamine and neurokinin.
RIMB-1/RIM-binding protein and UNC-10/RIM redundantly regulate presynaptic localization of the voltage-gated calcium channel in C. elegans.
Psychometric validation of Swedish and Arabic versions of two health literacy questionnaires, eHEALS and HLS-EU-Q16, for use in a Swedish context: a study protocol.
MCH Regulates SIRT1/FoxO1 and Reduces POMC Neuronal Activity to Induce Hyperphagia, Adiposity and Glucose Intolerance.
DNA-methylation of the dopamin receptor 2 gene is altered during alcohol withdrawal.
Jingshu Keli and Its Components Notoginsenoside R1and Ginsenoside Rb1 Alleviate the Symptoms of Cervical Myelopathy through Kir3.1 Mediated Mechanisms.
Mild traumatic brain injury decreases spatial information content and reduces place field stability of hippocampal CA1 neurons.
Plasmonic gold nanostar-mediated photothermal immunotherapy for brain tumor ablation and immunologic memory.
Male age and its association with reproductive traits in captive and wild house sparrows.
Factors affecting job satisfaction in long-term care unit managers, directors of care and facility administrators: A secondary analysis.
Sexual dimorphisms in adult human neural, mesoderm-derived, and neural crest-derived stem cells.
Pre-frontal parvalbumin interneurons in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of post-mortem studies.
The gist of Anne Treisman \' s revolution.
Effects of traffic noise exposure on corticosterone, glutathione and tonic immobility in chicks of a precocial bird.
Early Life Supraphysiological Levels of Oxygen Exposure Permanently Impairs Hippocampal Mitochondrial Function.
Autophagy Modulation as a Treatment of Amyloid Diseases.
MeCP2: A Critical Regulator of Chromatin in Neurodevelopment and Adult Brain Function.
Novel Heat Shock Protein 90 Inhibitors Suppress P-Glycoprotein Activity and Overcome Multidrug Resistance in Cancer Cells.
Neuroanatomy of pediatric postoperative cerebellar cognitive affective syndrome and mutism.
Molecular control limiting sensitivity of sweet taste neurons in Drosophila.
Conversion of Sox2-dependent Merkel cell carcinoma to a differentiated neuron-like phenotype by T antigen inhibition.
Single prolonged stress alters neural activation in the periacqueductal gray and midline thalamic nuclei during emotional learning and memory.
Behavioral and immunohistochemical characterization of rapid reconditioning following extinction of contextual fear.
Social foraging extends associative odor-food memory expression in an automated learning assay for Drosophila.
Molecular Profiling of the Drosophila Antenna Reveals Conserved Genes Underlying Olfaction in Insects.
Blockade of the cholecystokinin CCK-2 receptor prevents the normalization of anxiety levels in the rat.
The Effects of Developmental Alcohol Exposure on the Neurobiology of Spatial Processing.
Persistent effects of the orexin-1 receptor antagonist SB-334867 on motivation for the fast acting opioid remifentanil.
The cannabinoid agonist WIN-2 affects acquisition but not consolidation of a spatial information in training and retraining processes: relation with transcriptional regulation of the endocannabinoid system?
Biomarker-based prognosis for people with mild cognitive impairment (ABIDE): a modelling study.
Adherence to a healthy lifestyle counteracts the negative effects of risk factors on all-cause mortality in the oldest-old.
Generation and characterization of six human induced pluripotent stem cell lines (iPSC) from three families with AP4B1-associated hereditary spastic paraplegia (SPG47).
Tuberous Sclerosis Complex in Chinese patients: Phenotypic analysis and mutational screening of TSC1/TSC2 genes.
Evolution of the androgen receptor: Perspectives from human health to dancing birds.
Whither the challenge hypothesis?
Regression of epileptogenesis by inhibiting TrkB signaling following a seizure.
Psychosocial working conditions, trajectories of disability, and the mediating role of cognitive decline and chronic diseases: A population-based cohort study.
Dynamic changes in arterial pressure following high cervical transection in the decerebrate rat.
Editorial to the virtual issue highlighting neuroscience based research in eating disorders to mark the 49th Society for Neuroscience Annual Meeting.
Generation of Neurospheres from Mixed Primary Hippocampal and Cortical Neurons Isolated from E14-E16 Sprague Dawley Rat Embryo.
Use of In Vivo Single-fiber Recording and Intact Dorsal Root Ganglion with Attached Sciatic Nerve to Examine the Mechanism of Conduction Failure.
Updates in the Approach to Chronic Pelvic Pain: What the Treating Gynecologist Should Know.
Stress and Western diets increase vulnerability to neuropsychiatric disorders: A common mechanism.
Identification of the role of TRPM8 in glioblastoma and its effect on proliferation, apoptosis and invasion of the U251 human glioblastoma cell line.
Expression changes of CX3CL1 and CX3CR1 proteins in the hippocampal CA1 field of the gerbil following transient global cerebral ischemia.
A Fragment of S38AA is a Novel Plasma Biomarker of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Predictors of Cognitive Impairment After Stroke: A Prospective Stroke Cohort Study.
Cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers and cognitive status in differential diagnosis of frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer \' s disease.
Mediation of the Acute Stress Response by the Skeleton.
The Golgi Outpost Protein TPPP Nucleates Microtubules and Is Critical for Myelination.
Low Mood and Risk of Dementia: The Role of Marital Status and Living Situation.
The eIF2alpha Kinase GCN2 Modulates Period and Rhythmicity of the Circadian Clock by Translational Control of Atf4.
Essential References for Structural Analysis of the Peripheral Nervous System for Pathologists and Toxicologists.
Multi-modal factors for recovery prognosis in acute stroke.
Correction to: NMDA Receptors Regulate Neuregulin 2 Binding to ER-PM Junctions and Ectodomain Release by ADAM10.
The Cerebellar Cognitive Affective/Schmahmann Syndrome: a Task Force Paper.
Sex Differences in Neurocognitive Function in Adults with HIV: Patterns, Predictors, and Mechanisms.
Auditory function and dysfunction: estrogen makes a difference.
Plasma amyloid beta level changes in aged mice with cognitive dysfunction following sevoflurane exposure.
Making translation work: Harmonizing cross-species methodology in the behavioural neuroscience of Pavlovian fear conditioning.
Identification and functional characterization of mutations within HADHB associated with mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency.
Role of Kappa Opioid Receptors in Symptoms of Schizophrenia: What Is the Neurobiology?
Understanding positive child health.
Generation of iPSC line (GIBHi001-A) from a patient with autism spectrum disorder.
The GTF2I rs117026326 polymorphism is associated with neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder but not with multiple sclerosis in a Northern Han Chinese population.
Serotonin exerts a direct modulatory role on bladder afferent firing in mice.
Alpha synuclein deficiency increases CD4+ T-cells pro-inflammatory profile in a Nurr1-dependent manner.
A Tumultuous Transition to Motherhood: Altered Brain and Hormonal Responses in Mothers with Postpartum Depression.
Drosophila Models of Cell Polarity and Cell Competition in Tumourigenesis.
Moderate protective effect of Kyotorphin against the late consequences of intracerebroventricular streptozotocin model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Thioredoxin-80 protects against amyloid-beta pathology through autophagic-lysosomal pathway regulation.
Preface for Marcel Waldinger special issue on premature ejaculation.
Hierarchical control of locomotion by distinct types of spinal V2a interneurons in zebrafish.
Minocycline alters behavior, microglia and the gut microbiome in a trait-anxiety-dependent manner.
mTOR hyperactivity mediates lysosomal dysfunction in Gaucher \' s disease iPSC-neuronal cells.
Dynamics of Circulating Tumor Cells Early After Targeting Therapy to Human EGFR-mutated Lung Cancers and HER2 Gene-amplified Gastric Cancers in Mice.
Gamma-Aminobutyric Acid in Adult Brain: An Updated.
Neurocomputational mechanisms underlying emotional awareness: insights afforded by deep active inference and their potential clinical relevance.
Vaginal tamoxifen for treatment of vulvar and vaginal atrophy: Pharmacokinetics and local tolerance in a rabbit model over 28 days.
Amelioration of visual deficits and visual system pathology after mild TBI via the cannabinoid Type-2 receptor inverse agonism of raloxifene.
Healing Intergenerational Wounds: An Integrative Relational-Neurobiological Approach.
Prehospital exenatide in hyperglycemic stroke - a randomized trial.
Serum neurofilament heavy chains as early marker of motor neuron degeneration.
Hepatic gluconeogenic response to single and long-term SGLT2 inhibition in lean/obese male hepatic G6pc-reporter mice.
Histological and diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging data from normal and degenerated optic nerve and chiasm of the rat.
CRF signaling between neurons in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus (PVN) coordinates stress responses.
Reduced structural connectivity in Insomnia Disorder.
Acetyl-11-keto-beta-boswellic acid (AKBA) Attenuates Oxidative Stress, Inflammation, Complement Activation and Cell Death in Brain Endothelial Cells Following OGD/Reperfusion.
Pleiotrophin increases neurite length and number of spiral ganglion neurons in vitro.
A novel role for the actin-binding protein drebrin in regulating opiate addiction.
Altered kynurenine pathway metabolites in a mouse model of human attention-deficit hyperactivity/autism spectrum disorders: A potential new biological diagnostic marker.
A cell fitness selection model for neuronal survival during development.
Converging evidence points towards a role of insulin signaling in regulating compulsive behavior.
Differentiation but not ALS mutations in FUS rewires motor neuron metabolism.
GSTA4 mediates reduction of cisplatin ototoxicity in female mice.
Physiological signaling in the absence of amidated peptides.
Temporal sequences of synapse disintegration triggered by afferent axon transection - time-lapse imaging study of pre- and post-synaptic molecules.
Partially Hydrolyzed Guar Gum Alleviates Small Intestinal Mucosal Damage after Massive Small Bowel Resection along with Changes in the Intestinal Microbiota.
The p75NTR neurotrophin receptor is required to organize the mature neuromuscular synapse by regulating synaptic vesicle availability.
Commissural axon guidance in the developing spinal cord: from Cajal to the present day.
Attending Heart School and long-term outcome after myocardial infarction: A decennial SWEDEHEART registry study.
Octadecaneuropeptide (ODN) Induces N2a Cells Differentiation through a PKA/PLC/PKC/MEK/ERK-Dependent Pathway: Incidence on Peroxisome, Mitochondria, and Lipid Profiles.
The Molecular Chaperone DNAJB6, but Not DNAJB1, Suppresses the Seeded Aggregation of Alpha-Synuclein in Cells.
A Selective Fluorescence Turn-On Probe for the Detection of DCNP (Nerve Agent Tabun Simulant).
The Blockade of micro1- and kappa-Opioid Receptors in the Inferior Colliculus Decreases the Expression of Panic Attack-Like Behaviours Induced by Chemical Stimulation of the Dorsal Midbrain.
Assessment of a prognostic MRI biomarker in early de novo Parkinson \' s disease.
Increased overt attention to objects in early deaf adults: An eye-tracking study of complex naturalistic scenes.
LINC01210 accelerates proliferation, invasion and migration in ovarian cancer through epigenetically downregulating KLF4.
Correlation between interleukin-6 levels and methadone maintenance therapy outcomes.
Nystagmus in patients with congenital stationary night blindness (CSNB) originates from synchronously firing retinal ganglion cells.
V1 interneurons regulate the pattern and frequency of locomotor-like activity in the neonatal mouse spinal cord.
The BACE1-Specific DNA Aptamer A1 Rescues Amyloid-beta Pathology and Behavioral Deficits in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Expanding the genetic and phenotypic relevance of KCNB1 variants in developmental and epileptic encephalopathies: 27 new patients and overview of the literature.
Age-Dependent Impairment in Endothelial Function and Arterial Stiffness in Former High Class Male Athletes Is No Different to That in Men With No History of Physical Training.
The Neuroprotective Effect of the HDAC2/3 Inhibitor MI192 on the Penumbra After Photothrombotic Stroke in the Mouse Brain.
Adipose-Derived Stem Cells from Fat Tissue of Breast Cancer Microenvironment Present Altered Adipogenic Differentiation Capabilities.
Publisher Correction: Mechanisms of systems memory consolidation during sleep.
Proteomic Investigations of Autism Brain Identify Known and Novel Pathogenetic Processes.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses and fine-mapping elucidate pathways influencing albuminuria.
Postnatal development of functional projections from para- and presubiculum to medial entorhinal cortex in the rat.
Absence of signal peptide peptidase, an essential HSV-1 glycoprotein K (gK) binding partner, reduces virus infectivity in vivo.
A subset of brain neurons controls regurgitation in adult Drosophila melanogaster.
Visual hallucinations in Alzheimer \' s disease do not seem to be associated with chronic hypoperfusion of to visual processing areas V2 and V3 but may be associated with reduced cholinergic input to these areas.
Differential expression of N-linked oligosaccharides in methotrexate-resistant primary central nervous system lymphoma cells.
Ethanol Induction of Innate Immune Signals Across BV2 Microglia and SH-SY5Y Neuroblastoma Involves Induction of IL-4 and IL-13.
IDE Degrades Nociceptin/Orphanin FQ through an Insulin Regulated Mechanism.
The study of active avoidance: A platform for discussion.
A Hyperactive Form of unc-13 Enhances Ca2+ Sensitivity and Synaptic Vesicle Release Probability in C. elegans.
Building Blastocysts from Stem Cells.
Advances and Challenges of Nanoparticle-Based Macrophage Reprogramming for Cancer Immunotherapy.
Learned immunosuppressive placebo response attenuates disease progression in a rodent model of rheumatoid arthritis.
Hippocampal damage attenuates habituation to videos in monkeys.
FUS-mediated dysregulation of Sema5a, an autism-related gene, in FUS mice with hippocampus-dependent cognitive deficits.
Classical conditioning drives learned reward prediction signals in climbing fibers across the lateral cerebellum.
The Impact of Integrated Home Palliative Care Services on Resource Use and Place of Death.
An evidence-based toolbox for the design and implementation of selective-prevention primary-care initiatives targeting cardio-metabolic disease.
Cnidofest 2018: the future is bright for cnidarian research.
Searching for Signatures of Cold Climate Adaptation in TRPM8 Gene in Populations of East Asian Ancestry.
Modeling Human Sexual Motivation in Rodents: Some Caveats.
Secretin Regulates Excitatory GABAergic Neurotransmission to GnRH Neurons via Retrograde NO Signaling Pathway in Mice.
Transcript Analysis of Zebrafish GLUT3 Genes, slc2a3a and slc2a3b, Define Overlapping as Well as Distinct Expression Domains in the Zebrafish (Danio rerio) Central Nervous System.
A Student \' s Guide to Neural Circuit Tracing.
Unraveling the Serum Metabolomic Profile of Post-partum Depression.
Targeting the receptor-based interactome of the dopamine D1 receptor: looking for heteromer-selective drugs.
Growth hormone-releasing hormone promotes therapeutic effects of peripheral blood endothelial progenitor cells in ischemic repair.
Is depression a disorder of electrical brain networks?
Down-regulation of cyclin-dependent kinase 5 attenuates p53-dependent apoptosis of hippocampal CA1 pyramidal neurons following transient cerebral ischemia.
Valence of social information is encoded in different subpopulations of mushroom body Kenyon cells in the honeybee brain.
The Role of Lysosomes in a Broad Disease-Modifying Approach Evaluated across Transgenic Mouse Models of Alzheimer \' s Disease and Parkinson \' s Disease and Models of Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Impact of effort reward imbalance at work on suicidal ideation in ten European countries: The role of depressive symptoms.
Analyzing the FFR: A tutorial for decoding the richness of auditory function.
Peroxiredoxin 5 ameliorates obesity-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease through the regulation of oxidative stress and AMP-activated protein kinase signaling.
TNF deficiency causes alterations in the spatial organization of neurogenic zones and alters the number of microglia and neurons in the cerebral cortex.
Edaravone protects primary-cultured rat cortical neurons from ketamine-induced apoptosis via reducing oxidative stress and activating PI3K/Akt signal pathway.
Polarization Vision: Targets of Polarization-Sensitive Photoreceptors in the Drosophila Visual System.
Sensory dysregulation in tic disorders is associated with executive dysfunction and comorbidities.
NMDAR activation regulates the daily rhythms of sleep and mood.
Controlling the Uncontrollable: Perceptions of Balance in People With Parkinson Disease.
Prebiotics may reduce serum concentrations of C-reactive protein and ghrelin in overweight and obese adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cooperative action of APJ and alpha1A-adrenergic receptor in vascular smooth muscle cells induces vasoconstriction.
Age-dependent changes in glucose homeostasis in male deiodinase type 2 knockout zebrafish.
ELAVL1 elevates insights: the ups and downs of regulated mRNA translation in the control of gonadotropin release.
Reduced stability and pH-dependent activity of a common obesity-linked PCSK1 polymorphism, N221D.
Unique Features of Subcortical Circuits in a Macaque Model of Congenital Blindness.
PDK1 Regulates Transition Period of Apical Progenitors to Basal Progenitors by Controlling Asymmetric Cell Division.
Long-Lasting Somatic Modifications of Convergent Dendritic Inputs in Hippocampal Neurons.
A Key Role for Prefrontocortical Small Conductance Calcium-Activated Potassium Channels in Stress Adaptation and Rapid Antidepressant Response.
Reversal of Age-Related Changes in Cortical Sound-Azimuth Selectivity with Training.
Heterogeneous clinical and functional features of GRIN2D-related developmental and epileptic encephalopathy.
Forward model deficits and enhanced motor noise in Tourette syndrome?
Transcriptome analysis in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
How phosphorylation by PINK1 remodels the ubiquitin system, a perspective from structure and dynamics.
Phenotypic approach to pharmacotherapy in the management of obstructive sleep apnoea.
Persistent peripheral presence of Staphylococcus aureus promotes histone H3 hypoacetylation and decreases tyrosine hydroxylase protein level in rat brain tissues.
How prolonged expression of Hunchback, a temporal transcription factor, re-wires locomotor circuits.
Monitoring severe acute maternal morbidity across Europe: A feasibility study.
Aberrant features of in vivo striatal dynamics in Parkinson \' s disease.
Axonal localization of the Fragile X family of RNA binding proteins is conserved across mammals.
Inflammatory Ocular Diseases and Sphingolipid Signaling.
Chemical Reprogramming of Somatic Cells in Neural Direction: Myth or Reality?
Comparison of the Efficiency of Transplantation of Rat and Human Olfactory Ensheathing Cells in Posttraumatic Cysts of the Spinal Cord.
Decision-making in temporal lobe epilepsy surgery based on invasive stereo-electroencephalography (sEEG).
Corrigendum: Impulsivity Derived From the Dark Side: Neurocircuits That Contribute to Negative Urgency.
O-GlcNAcase targets pyruvate kinase M2 to regulate tumor growth.
Direct neuronal reprogramming of olfactory ensheathing cells for CNS repair.
Btbd3 expression regulates compulsive-like and exploratory behaviors in mice.
MiR-7 impairs insulin signaling and regulates Abeta levels through posttranscriptional regulation of the IRS-2, INSR, IDE and LXR pathway.
Systemic Exosomal Delivery of shRNA Minicircles Prevents Parkinsonian Pathology.
Baseline cortisol and the efficacy of antiglucocorticoid treatment in mood disorders: A meta-analysis.
Diurnal rodents as pertinent animal models of human retinal physiology and pathology.
Behavioral Analyses of Animal Models of Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities.
Response to comment on  \' Prolonged nearwork affects the ciliary muscle morphology \'  by Schachar &amp; Schachar.
Activation of BDNF/TrkB/Akt pathway is associated with aggressiveness and unfavorable survival in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Murine placental-fetal phosphate dyshomeostasis caused by an Xpr1 deficiency accelerates placental calcification and restricts fetal growth in late gestation.
Hand posture as localizing sign in adult focal epileptic seizures.
Transplantation of Chemogenetically Engineered Cortical Interneuron Progenitors into Early Postnatal Mouse Brains.
Baseline Functional Connectivity Predicts Connectivity Changes Due to a Small Dose of Midazolam in Older Adults.
Nuclear factor I-A regulates diverse reactive astrocyte responses after CNS injury.
Differential Effects of Physical Exercise, Cognitive Training, and Mindfulness Practice on Serum BDNF Levels in Healthy Older Adults: A Randomized Controlled Intervention Study.
Exosomal HSP70 for Monitoring of Frontotemporal Dementia and Alzheimer \' s Disease: Clinical and FDG-PET Correlation.
Heterogeneity in Alzheimer \' s Disease and Related Dementias.
Early-Onset Parkinson \' s Disease Caused by PLA2G6 Compound Heterozygous Mutation, a Case Report and Literature Review.
Sensory Stimulation-Induced Astrocytic Calcium Signaling in Electrically Silent Ischemic Penumbra.
Corticofugal Augmentation of the Auditory Brainstem Response With Respect to Cortical Preference.
Total mismatch in diffusion negative patients in the WAKE-UP trial.
Microglial UCP2 Mediates Inflammation and Obesity Induced by High-Fat Feeding.
Partial Leptin Reduction as an Insulin Sensitization and Weight Loss Strategy.
Can One Concurrently Record Electrical Spikes from Every Neuron in a Mammalian Brain?
Discovery and validation of plasma proteomic biomarkers relating to brain amyloid burden by SOMAscan assay.
Distinct Mechanisms for Visual and Motor-Related Astrocyte Responses in Mouse Visual Cortex.
The Gypsy Endogenous Retrovirus Drives Non-Cell-Autonomous Propagation in a Drosophila TDP-43 Model of Neurodegeneration.
Using Corollary Discharge and Predictive Coding to Understand False Sensations and Beliefs.
Vesicular Glutamate Transporter 1 (VGLUT1)- and VGLUT2-containing Terminals on the Rat Jaw-closing gamma-Motoneurons.
Exploring Variation Between Artificial Grammar Learning Experiments: Outlining a Meta-Analysis Approach.
A TrkB agonist and ampakine rescue synaptic plasticity and multiple forms of memory in a mouse model of intellectual disability.
Human NPCs can degrade alpha-syn fibrils and transfer them preferentially in a cell contact-dependent manner possibly through TNT-like structures.
Network-guided analysis of hippocampal proteome identifies novel proteins that colocalize with Abeta in a mice model of early-stage Alzheimer \' s disease.
Calcium channel alpha2delta1 subunit mediates secondary orofacial hyperalgesia through PKC-TRPA1/gap junction signaling.
Gene networks and microRNAs: Promises and challenges for treating epilepsies and their comorbidities.
Cerebello-striatal interaction mediates effects of subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation in Parkinson \' s disease.
Nucleome Dynamics during Retinal Development.
Systematic review and consensus definitions for the Standardised Endpoints in Perioperative Medicine initiative: patient-centred outcomes.
What sustains the multidrug resistance phenotype beyond ABC efflux transporters? Looking beyond the tip of the iceberg.
Prognostic significance of preoperative geometric changes in the internal acoustic canal for hearing preservation in vestibular schwannoma surgery.
Sensory and Working Memory in a Spatial Change-Detection Task by Pigeons and Humans.
Effect of Electroconvulsive Therapy on Anxiety in Linear and Non-Linear Rats with Depressive-Like Disorders Induced by Ultrasound Stimulation.
Expression of Histone Deacetylases HDAC1 and HDAC2 and Their Role in Apoptosis in the Penumbra Induced by Photothrombotic Stroke.
Effects on Glial Cell Glycolysis in Schizophrenia: An Advanced Aging Phenotype?
Antidepressant Drugs Correct the Imbalance Between proBDNF/p75NTR/Sortilin and Mature BDNF/TrkB in the Brain of Mice with Chronic Stress.
Improving the reporting quality of intervention trials addressing the inter-individual variability in response to the consumption of plant bioactives: quality index and recommendations.
A polygenic resilience score moderates the genetic risk for schizophrenia.
Phosphorylation of the HCN channel auxiliary subunit TRIP8b is altered in an animal model of temporal lobe epilepsy and modulates channel function.
Oligoarginine Peptides, a New Family of nAChR Inhibitors.
Nutritional neurobiology and central nervous system sensitisation: missing link in a comprehensive treatment for chronic pain?
Skeletal muscle explants: ex-vivo models to study cellular behavior in a complex tissue environment.
Generation of an induced pluripotent stem cell line (XHCSUi001-A) from urine cells of a patient with spinocerebellar ataxia type 3.
Intraoperative resting state functional connectivity and resting state networks in patients with intracerebral lesions: detectability and variations between sessions.
Co-occurrence of cognitive impairment and physical frailty, and incidence of dementia: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hypoxia conditioning enhances neuroprotective effects of aged human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cell-derived conditioned medium against cerebral ischemia in vitro.
Zfhx3 is required for the differentiation of late born D1-type medium spiny neurons.
Social calls of Myotis nattereri during swarming: Call structure mirrors the different behavioral context.
Pain, Dryness, and Itch Sensations in Eye Surface Disorders Are Defined By a Balance Between Inflammation and Sensory Nerve Injury.
Dynamic changes in RFRP3/GPR147 in the precocious puberty model female rats.
Regulation of Eag1 gating by its intracellular domains.
An open cortico-basal ganglia loop allows limbic control over motor output via the nigrothalamic pathway.
A genome-wide association study of cocaine use disorder accounting for phenotypic heterogeneity and gene-environment interaction
Laser Lights and Designer Drugs: New Techniques for Descending Levels of Mechanisms "in a Single Bound"?
Compartmental function and modulation of the striatum.
ApoE4 Exacerbates Hippocampal Pathology Following Acute Brain Penetration Injury in Female Mice.
Actin Cytoskeletal Reorganization Function of JRAB/MICAL-L2 Is Fine-tuned by Intramolecular Interaction between First LIM Zinc Finger and C-terminal Coiled-coil Domains.
Active behaviour during early development shapes glucocorticoid reactivity.
Implications of the Sap47 null mutation for synapsin phosphorylation, longevity, climbing, and behavioural plasticity in adult Drosophila.
Disturbed prefrontal cortex activity in the absence of schizophrenia-like behavioral dysfunction in Arc/Arg3.1 deficient mice.
Cerebral Blood Flow Regulation in Pregnancy, Hypertension, and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.
Effects of age-dependent changes in cell size on endothelial cell proliferation and senescence through YAP1.
Thalamocortical Circuit Motifs: A General Framework.
Device Removal Following Brain Implant Research.
Schwann cells expressing nociceptive channel TRPA1 orchestrate ethanol-evoked neuropathic pain in mice.
Fate-mapping analysis using Rorb-IRES-Cre reveals apical-to-basal gradient of Rorb expression in mouse cochlea.
RIM is essential for stimulated but not spontaneous somatodendritic dopamine release in the midbrain.
Parental Brain Conference 2018.
Proton Pump Inhibitors and Infection-Related Hospitalizations Among Residents of Long-Term Care Facilities: A Case-Control Study.
Knockdown of Foxg1 in supporting cells increases the trans-differentiation of supporting cells into hair cells in the neonatal mouse cochlea.
Long-Term Effects of Balance Training on Habitual Physical Activity in Older Adults with Parkinson \' s Disease.
Virus-induced cochlear inflammation in newborn mice alters auditory function.
Relative stabilities of wild type and mutant glial fibrillary acidic protein in patients with Alexander disease.
Postictal serotonin levels are associated with peri-ictal apnea.
Deficits in Conditional Discrimination Learning in Children with ADHD are Independent of Delay Aversion and Working Memory.
Peptide/Receptor Co-evolution Explains the Lipolytic Function of the Neuropeptide TLQP-21.
Structural Disconnections Explain Brain Network Dysfunction after Stroke.
Functional dynamics of thalamic local field potentials correlate with modulation of neuropathic pain.
Projections to the putamen from neurons located in the white matter and the claustrum in the macaque.
Intronic (TTTGA)n insertion in SAMD12 also causes familial cortical myoclonic tremor with epilepsy.
The Spectrinome: The Interactome of a Scaffold Protein Creating Nuclear and Cytoplasmic Connectivity and Function.
Telemetric monitoring of penile pressure during mating in rats after chronic spinal cord injury.
Using Evans Blue Dye to Determine Blood-Brain Barrier Integrity in Rodents.
Changes in whole body pain intensity and widespreadness during urologic chronic pelvic pain syndrome flares-Findings from one site of the MAPP study.
The Rho kinase inhibitor fasudil attenuates Abeta1-42-induced apoptosis via the ASK1/JNK signal pathway in primary cultures of hippocampal neurons.
Inhibitory effect of 980-nm laser on neural activity of the rat \' s cochlear nucleus.
Immune Microenvironment of Brain Metastases-Are Microglia and Other Brain Macrophages Little Helpers?
Development of Efficient AAV2/DJ-Based Viral Vectors to Selectively Downregulate the Expression of Neuronal or Astrocytic Target Proteins in the Rat Central Nervous System.
Roles of Neuropeptide Y in Neurodegenerative and Neuroimmune Diseases.
Familial t(1;11) translocation is associated with disruption of white matter structural integrity and oligodendrocyte-myelin dysfunction.
Statistical inference of body representation in the macaque brain.
The C-terminal HCN4 variant P883R alters channel properties and acts as genetic modifier of atrial fibrillation and structural heart disease.
Neurodegeneration and Neuro-Regeneration-Alzheimer \' s Disease and Stem Cell Therapy.
Omega-3 Docosahexaenoic Acid Is a Mediator of Fate-Decision of Adult Neural Stem Cells.
Afferent-efferent connectivity between auditory brainstem and cortex accounts for poorer speech-in-noise comprehension in older adults.
Parkin in early stage LPS-stimulated BV-2 cells regulates pro-inflammatory response and mitochondrial quality via mitophagy.
Transcriptional mechanisms of motor neuron development in vertebrates and invertebrates.
Inhibition of Notch signaling rescues cardiovascular development in Kabuki Syndrome.
Cortical Tracking of Surprisal during Continuous Speech Comprehension.
Innate immune response to bacterial urinary tract infection sensitises high-threshold bladder afferents and recruits silent nociceptors.
Effects of brief inhibition of the ventral tegmental area dopamine neurons on the cocaine seeking during abstinence.
Attenuated palmitoylation of serotonin receptor 5-HT1A affects receptor function and contributes to depression-like behaviors.
Heterogeneity of human bone marrow and blood natural killer cells defined by single-cell transcriptome.
Experiences of men living with Dupuytren \' s disease-Consequences of the disease for hand function and daily activities.
Ventral pallidum is essential for cocaine relapse after voluntary abstinence in rats.
Sleep \' s benefits to emotional processing emerge in the long term.
An argument for hyperbolic geometry in neural circuits.
Inhibition in the somatosensory system: An integrative neuropharmacological and neuroimaging approach.
Extracellular heat shock proteins in neurodegenerative diseases: New perspectives.
Paradoxical role of lipocalin-2 in metabolic disorders and neurological complications.
Low UBE4B expression increases sensitivity of chemoresistant neuroblastoma cells to EGFR and STAT5 inhibition.
Eph signaling in mitotic spindle orientation: what s your angle here?
Sex estimation by Mastoid Triangle using 3D models.
The Ankyrin Repeat Domain Controls Presynaptic Localization of Drosophila Ankyrin2 and Is Essential for Synaptic Stability.
Antibodies to Human Herpesviruses in Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Patients.
Immunomodulatory Effect of Pregnancy on Leukocyte Populations in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis: A Comparison of Peripheral Blood and Decidual Placental Tissue.
Role of the Extracellular Signal-Regulated Kinase 1/2 Signaling Pathway in Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury.
Neuropsychiatric Disorders in Chronic Kidney Disease.
Myosin XVI Regulates Actin Cytoskeleton Dynamics in Dendritic Spines of Purkinje Cells and Affects Presynaptic Organization.
Pre-plaque Ass-Mediated Impairment of Synaptic Depotentiation in a Transgenic Rat Model of Alzheimer \' s Disease Amyloidosis.
The pleiotropy associated with de novo variants in CHD4, CNOT3, and SETD5 extends to moyamoya angiopathy.
Lysosome-Rich Enterocytes Mediate Protein Absorption in the Vertebrate Gut.
Recurrent Circuitry Sustains Drosophila Courtship Drive While Priming Itself for Satiety.
The Sensorimotor Basis of Whisker-Guided Anteroposterior Object Localization in Head-Fixed Mice.
Genetically Defined Functional Modules for Spatial Orienting in the Mouse Superior Colliculus.
Dynamical Electrical Complexity Is Reduced during Neuronal Differentiation in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Host-Microbe-Drug-Nutrient Screen Identifies Bacterial Effectors of Metformin Therapy.
Multiple antihypertensive use and risk of mortality in residents of aged care services: a prospective cohort study.
A Parisian spring: the debate on language localization at the Imperial Academy of Medicine, Paris, April 4-June 13, 1865.
Neuronal processing of amino acids in Drosophila: from taste sensing to behavioural regulation.
Sa2+- and NF-kappaB-dependent generation of NO in the photosensitized neurons and satellite glial cells.
Effect of methylene blue photodynamic therapy on human neutrophil functional responses.
Validity and reliability of extrastriatal [11C]raclopride binding quantification in the living human brain.
Demyelination and shrinkage of axons in the retinal nerve fiber layer in chickens developing deprivation myopia.
Phenotypic flexibility of glucocorticoid signaling in skeletal muscles of a songbird preparing to migrate.
A Dynamic Memory Systems Framework for Sex Differences in Fear Memory.
Age-related changes in hippocampal AD pathology, actin remodeling proteins and spatial memory behavior of male APP/PS1 mice.
Dehydroepiandrosterone alleviates oxidative stress and apoptosis in iron-induced epilepsy via activation of Nrf2/ARE signal pathway.
Disability trajectories and mortality in older adults with different cognitive and physical profiles.
The Expression of CNS-Specific PPARGC1A Transcripts Is Regulated by Hypoxia and a Variable GT Repeat Polymorphism.
Microglia mediate HIV-1 gp120-induced synaptic degeneration in spinal pain neural circuits.
Role of Voltage-Gated Sodium Channels in the Mechanism of Ether-Induced Unconsciousness.
Corrigendum to "Muscle specific kinase (MuSK) activation preserves neuromuscular junctions in the diaphragm but is not sufficient to provide a functional benefit in the SOD1G93A mouse model of ALS" Neurobiology of Disease 124 (2019) 340-352.
A Neural Circuit Arbitrates between Persistence and Withdrawal in Hungry Drosophila.
Cellular properties of intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells during postnatal development.
Minor intron splicing revisited: identification of new minor intron-containing genes and tissue-dependent retention and alternative splicing of minor introns.
Astrocytes: From the Physiology to the Disease.
First application of 7-T ultra-high field diffusion tensor imaging to detect altered microstructure of thalamic-somatosensory anatomy in trigeminal neuralgia.
Multigenerational epigenetic inheritance: One step forward, two generations back.
Antioxidant cascades confer neuroprotection in ethanol, morphine, and methamphetamine preconditioning.
Treatment satisfaction correlated with glycaemic control and burden of diabetes in Swedish adolescents with type 1 diabetes.
Galanin immunoreactivity is sexually polymorphic in neuroendocrine and vocal-acoustic systems in a teleost fish.
Investigating Instructor Talk in Novel Contexts: Widespread Use, Unexpected Categories, and an Emergent Sampling Strategy.
Rescue of M-cone Function in Aged Opn1mw-/- Mice, a Model for Late-Stage Blue Cone Monochromacy.
Lamprey Parapinopsin ("UVLamP"): a bistable UV-sensitive optogenetic switch for ultrafast control of GPCR pathways.
Taurine Partially Improves Abnormal Anxiety in Taurine-Deficient Mice.
Enhancement and control of neuron adhesion on polydimethylsiloxane for cell microengineering using a functionalized triblock polymer.
How might tissue glucose influence responsive neurostimulation detection?
Editorial: A brief overview of the 2018 Neurobiology of Stress Workshop.
Neurobiological links between stress and anxiety.
Feature coupling photoacoustic computed tomography for joint reconstruction of initial pressure and sound speed in vivo.
Presenilin 1 Regulates [Ca2+]i and Mitochondria/ER Interaction in Cultured Rat Hippocampal Neurons.
Applications of Antioxidants in Metabolic Disorders and Degenerative Diseases: Mechanistic Approach.
Skin/Muscle Incision and Retraction Induces Evoked and Spontaneous Pain in Mice.
Cystatin B Involvement in Synapse Physiology of Rodent Brains and Human Cerebral Organoids.
The striatum specifies the statistics of behavior.
Progranulin deficiency confers resistance to autoimmune encephalomyelitis in mice.
Miltefosine treatment reduces visceral hypersensitivity in a rat model for irritable bowel syndrome via multiple mechanisms.
In vitro fusion of single synaptic and dense core vesicles reproduces key physiological properties.
Inhibition of de novo ceramide biosynthesis affects aging phenotype in an in vitro model of neuronal senescence.
Diagnostic added value of electrical source imaging in presurgical evaluation of patients with epilepsy: A prospective study.
The Biology of Human Resilience: Opportunities for Enhancing Resilience Across the Life Span.
The Neurobiology of Resilience: Complexity and Hope.
Deep Brain Stimulation of the Subthalamic Nucleus Selectively Modulates Emotion Recognition of Facial Stimuli in Parkinson \' s Patients.
Motor learning requires myelination to reduce asynchrony and spontaneity in neural activity.
Gene knockout animal models of depression, anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorders.
#MindinBody - feasibility of vigorous exercise (Bikram yoga versus high intensity interval training) to improve persistent pain in women with a history of trauma: a pilot randomized control trial.
Animal models of migraine and experimental techniques used to examine trigeminal sensory processing.
A Multiomics Study To Unravel the Effects of Developmental Exposure to Endosulfan in Rats: Molecular Explanation for Sex-Dependent Effects.
A rare heterozygous TREM2 coding variant identified in familial clustering of dementia affects an intrinsically disordered protein region and function of TREM2.
GluA4-Targeted AAV Vectors Deliver Genes Selectively to Interneurons while Relying on the AAV Receptor for Entry.
Relationship between ocular biometry and severity of primary angle-closure glaucoma: relevance for predictive, preventive, and personalized medicine.
The flight response impairs cytoprotective mechanisms by activating the insulin pathway.
Treatment with Rituximab in the Acute Phase of Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis: A Case Report.
Frizzled3 and Frizzled6 Cooperate with Vangl2 to Direct Cochlear Innervation by type II Spiral Ganglion Neurons.
Plasminogen mediates communication between the peripheral and central immune systems during systemic immune challenge with lipopolysaccharide.
Selective improvement by rifaximin of changes in the immunophenotype in patients who improve minimal hepatic encephalopathy.
Caring for older people with dementia reliving past trauma.
Integrins Have Cell-Type-Specific Roles in the Development of Motor Neuron Connectivity.
Ventral Hippocampus Modulates Anxiety-Like Behavior in Male But Not Female C57BL/6 J Mice.
Small-Molecule and CRISPR Screening Converge to Reveal Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Dependencies in Pediatric Rhabdoid Tumors.
The impact of task difficulty on the lateralization of processing in the human auditory cortex.
Endoplasmic reticulum-mitochondria crosstalk: from junction to function across neurological disorders.
Protein-Capped Metal Nanoparticles Inhibit Tau Aggregation in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Synthesis and Pharmacological Evaluation of [11C]4-Methoxy-N-[2-(thiophen-2-yl)imidazo[1,2-a]pyridin-3-yl]benzamide as a Brain Penetrant PET Ligand Selective for the delta-Subunit-Containing gamma-Aminobutyric Acid Type A Receptors.
Fabrication of Graphene Nanoplatelet-Incorporated Porous Hydroxyapatite Composites: Improved Mechanical and in Vivo Imaging Performances for Emerging Biomedical Applications.
Dynamic tuning of FRET in a green fluorescent protein biosensor.
Precise Short Sequence Insertion in Zebrafish Using a CRISPR/Cas9 Approach to Generate a Constitutively Soluble Lrp2 Protein.
Unilateral Brachial Plexus Lesion Impairs Bilateral Touch Threshold.
Co-Morbid Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: Neurobiological Commonalities and Treatment Implications.
Neuropeptides in Alzheimer \' s Disease: An Update.
Efficient and innocuous delivery of small interfering RNA to microglia using an amphiphilic dendrimer nanovector.
Activity-based training reverses SCI-induced changes in kidney receptor densities and membrane proteins.
Interfacing neural constructs with the Hierarchical Taxonomy of Psychopathology:  \' Why \'  and  \' how \' .
Energy balance following diets of varying fat content: metabolic dysregulation in a rodent model of spinal cord contusion.
Proactive inhibition deficits with normal perfusion after pediatric mild traumatic brain injury.
Impaired brain endocannabinoid tone in the activity-based model of anorexia nervosa.
Brain differences between social castes precede group formation in a primitively eusocial bee.
Aversive state processing in the posterior insular cortex.
Identification of pathways that regulate circadian rhythms using a larval zebrafish small molecule screen.
NURR1 deficiency is associated to ADHD-like phenotypes in mice.
Assemblies of calcium/calmodulin-dependent kinase II with actin and their dynamic regulation by calmodulin in dendritic spines.
Interleukin-15 Enhances Anti-GD2 Antibody-Mediated Cytotoxicity in an Orthotopic PDX Model of Neuroblastoma.
From synaptic input to muscle contraction: arm muscle cells of Octopus vulgaris show unique neuromuscular junction and excitation-contraction coupling properties.
Anti-pan-neurofascin IgG3 as a marker of fulminant autoimmune neuropathy.
Time-of-day effects on prospective memory.
G protein-coupled receptors in acquired epilepsy: Druggability and translatability.
Delta8 -Tetrahydrocannabivarin has potent anti-nicotine effects in multiple rodent models of nicotine dependence.
Selective suppression and recall of long-term memories in Drosophila.
Volitional control of vocalizations in corvid songbirds.
The White Paper: Wilder Penfield, the Stream of Consciousness, and the Physiology of Mind.
The various and shared roles of lncRNAs during development.
Neuregulin and ErbB expression is regulated by development and sensory experience in mouse visual cortex.
Increased expression of heme-binding protein 1 early in Alzheimer \' s disease is linked to neurotoxicity.
Alzheimer \' s Disease: Erythrocyte 2,3-diphosphoglycerate content and circulating erythropoietin.
Effects of Follicular Helper T cells and Inflammatory Cytokines on Myasthenia Gravis.
Z-line alterations and gastroesophageal reflux: an endoscopic population-based prospective cohort study.
A novel regulatory role of TRAPPC9 in L-plastin-mediated osteoclast actin ring formation.
RAC-CNN: multimodal deep learning based automatic detection and classification of rod and cone photoreceptors in adaptive optics scanning light ophthalmoscope images.
Feasibility and usefulness of a leadership intervention to implement evidence-based falls prevention practices in residential care in Canada.
Cannabis legalization: Did we make a mistake? Update 2019
Crosstalk Between Oxidative Stress and Mitochondrial Damage: Focus on Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Early defects in translation elongation factor 1alpha levels at excitatory synapses in alpha-synucleinopathy.
Mechanisms of systems memory consolidation during sleep.
A neural circuit for comorbid depressive symptoms in chronic pain.
Identifying a glucose metabolic brain pattern in an adeno-associated viral vector based rat model for Parkinson \' s disease using 18F-FDG PET imaging.
Neurodevelopmental mutation of giant ankyrin-G disrupts a core mechanism for axon initial segment assembly.
Apparent Genetic Rescue of Adult Shank3 Exon 21 Insertion Mutation Mice Tempered by Appropriate Control Experiments.
Preserving inhibition during developmental hearing loss rescues auditory learning and perception.
Somatic Mutations of lats2 Cause Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumors in Zebrafish.
Development of the Help Overcoming Pain Early (HOPE) Programme Built on a Person-Centred Approach to Support School Nurses in the Care of Adolescents with Chronic Pain-A Feasibility Study.
Extracellular Vesicles: A Possible Link between HIV and Alzheimer \' s Disease-Like Pathology in HIV Subjects?
Quantification of Tau Protein Lysine Methylation in Aging and Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Metabolic Syndrome and Cognitive Trajectories in the Framingham Offspring Study.
Serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels are positively associated with cognitive impairments in patients with first-episode schizophrenia.
3d-SPADE: Significance Evaluation of Spatio-Temporal Patterns of Various Temporal Extents.
Effects of oxytocin receptor antagonism on social function and corticosterone release after adolescent social instability in male rats.
Converging Psychoanalytic and Neurobiological Understanding of Autism: Promise for Integrative Therapeutic Approaches.
Clarin-2 is essential for hearing by maintaining stereocilia integrity and function.
Reciprocal associations between job strain and depression: A 2-year follow-up study from the Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe.
Advantages of Continuous-Valued Risk Scores for Predicting Long-Term Costs: The Framingham Coronary Heart Disease 10-Year Risk Score.
Laminin-Coated Electrospun Regenerated Silk Fibroin Mats Promote Neural Progenitor Cell Proliferation, Differentiation, and Survival in vitro.
Exclusive Temporal Stimulation of IL-10 Expression in LPS-Stimulated Mouse Macrophages by cAMP Inducers and Type I Interferons.
A Touchscreen Motivation Assessment Evaluated in Huntington \' s Disease Patients and R6/1 Model Mice.
Examining the Influence of Early Life Stress on Serum Lipid Profiles and Cognitive Functioning in Depressed Patients.
HERCing: Structural and Functional Relevance of the Large HERC Ubiquitin Ligases.
Entanglement of CCR5 and Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Publication Trends for Alzheimer \' s Disease Worldwide and in China: A 30-Year Bibliometric Analysis.
A New Projection From the Deep Cerebellar Nuclei to the Hippocampus via the Ventrolateral and Laterodorsal Thalamus in Mice.
Emerging Evidence of Macrophage Contribution to Hyperinnervation and Nociceptor Sensitization in Vulvodynia.
Aromatization Is Not Required for the Facilitation of Appetitive Sexual Behaviors in Ovariectomized Rats Treated With Estradiol and Testosterone.
Chromophore-Independent Roles of Opsin Apoproteins in Drosophila Mechanoreceptors.
Altering the Temporal Regulation of One Transcription Factor Drives Evolutionary Trade-Offs between Head Sensory Organs.
Sleep to make more of your memories: Decoding hidden rules from encoded information.
Damage Control in the Developing Brain: Tradeoffs and Consequences.
Discrete Evaluative and Premotor Circuits Enable Vocal Learning in Songbirds.
How do you perceive threat? It \' s all in your pattern of brain activity.
In search of causal pathways in diabetes: a study using proteomics and genotyping data from a cross-sectional study.
FMRI response to acute psychological stress differentiates patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures from healthy controls - A biochemical and neuroimaging biomarker study.
Olfactory sulcus morphology in teenagers with first-presentation borderline personality disorder.
Frequency-dependent entrainment of spontaneous Ca transients in the dendritic tufts of CA1 pyramidal cells in rat hippocampal slice preparations by weak AC electric field.
A superoxide scavenging coating for improving tissue response to neural implants.
Prenatal exposure to valproic acid is associated with altered neurocognitive function and neurogenesis in the dentate gyrus of male offspring rats.
Parkinsonism and dysautonomia: Multiple system atrophy?
Ghrelin-Mediated Hippocampal Neurogenesis: Implications for Health and Disease.
Lessons learned by giving amphetamine to antipsychotic-medicated schizophrenia patients.
Perturbations in RhoA signalling cause altered migration and impaired neuritogenesis in human iPSC-derived neural cells with PARK2 mutation.
Haplotype analysis encompassing HTT gene in Chinese patients with Huntington \' s disease.
The impact of Semaphorin 4C/Plexin-B2 signaling on fear memory via remodeling of neuronal and synaptic morphology.
Disruptive effects of repeated stress on basolateral amygdala neurons and fear behavior across the estrous cycle in rats.
PKHD1L1 is a coat protein of hair-cell stereocilia and is required for normal hearing.
Integration of cortical population signals for visual perception.
Downregulation of homeodomain protein Cut is essential for Drosophila follicle maturation and ovulation.
The age-related blood pressure trajectories from young-old adults to centenarians: A cohort study.
White Matter Microstructure and Its Relation to Longitudinal Measures of Depressive Symptoms in Mid- and Late Life.
The Association Between Familial Risk and Brain Abnormalities Is Disease Specific: An ENIGMA-Relatives Study of Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder.
Neural Substrates of Inhibitory Control Maturation in Adolescence.
The Neurobiology of Eating Disorders.
The Effects of Chloride Flux on Drosophila Heart Rate.
Cerebral Small Vessel Disease Associated with Subclinical Vascular Damage Indicators in Asymptomatic Hypertensive Patients.
Neurochemical mechanisms for memory processing during sleep: basic findings in humans and neuropsychiatric implications.
The synthesis and characterization of a clickable-photoactive NAADP analog active in human cells.
Can Intraoperative Magnetic Resonance Imaging Be Helpful in the Surgical Resection of Parasellar Meningiomas? A Case Series.
Enhanced differentiation of human dopaminergic neuronal cell model for preclinical translational research in Parkinson \' s disease.
Loss of Ataxin-1 Potentiates Alzheimer \' s Pathogenesis by Elevating Cerebral BACE1 Transcription.
Oral splint ameliorates tic symptoms in patients with tourette syndrome.
Sex-specific plasma metabolome signatures in major depressive disorder.
Thirst in Patients With Heart Failure in Sweden, the Netherlands, and Japan.
The thriving of older people assessment scale: Psychometric evaluation and short-form development.
From Frailty to Gerastenia.
Morphological evolution of the vertebrate forebrain: From mechanical to cellular processes.
[Role of the system of orexin/receptors in neurological diseases].
The role of CD2AP in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Necrostatin-1 Prevents Necroptosis in Brains after Ischemic Stroke via Inhibition of RIPK1-Mediated RIPK3/MLKL Signaling.
Exergame-Driven High-Intensity Interval Training in Untrained Community Dwelling Older Adults: A Formative One Group Quasi- Experimental Feasibility Trial.
Encoding of Slowly Fluctuating Concentration Changes by Cockroach Olfactory Receptor Neurons Is Invariant to Air Flow Velocity.
The Effects of Sindbis Viral Vectors on Neuronal Function.
beta-Catenin Controls the Electrophysiologic Properties of Skeletal Muscle Cells by Regulating the alpha2 Isoform of Na+/K+-ATPase.
The Chromatin Environment Around Interneuron Genes in Oligodendrocyte Precursor Cells and Their Potential for Interneuron Reprograming.
Topical Administration of a Soluble TNF Inhibitor Reduces Infarct Volume After Focal Cerebral Ischemia in Mice.
Acute exposure to a high-fat diet in juvenile male rats disrupts hippocampal-dependent memory and plasticity through glucocorticoids.
Cognitive control of complex motor behavior in marmoset monkeys.
Reliable Sequential Activation of Neural Assemblies by Single Pyramidal Cells in a Three-Layered Cortex.
Postsynaptic densities fragment into subcomplexes upon sonication.
A comparison between the Disposcope endoscope and fibreoptic bronchoscope for nasotracheal intubation: a randomized controlled trial.
High Working Memory Capacity at the Cost of Precision?
The Biological Basis of the Experience and Categorization of Colour.
Association of Leukocyte Telomere Length with Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer \' s Disease: Role of Folate and Homocysteine.
Metformin attenuates autoimmune disease of the neuromotor system in animal models of myasthenia gravis.
Latino adolescents \'  cultural values associated with diurnal cortisol activity.
Exosomal DNA Aptamer Targeting alpha-Synuclein Aggregates Reduced Neuropathological Deficits in a Mouse Parkinson \' s Disease Model.
Repeated temporary threshold shift and changes in cochlear and neural function.
Experience-dependent neuroplasticity in trained musicians modulates the effects of chronic pain on insula-based networks - A resting-state fMRI study.
Experience of Adversity during a First Lactation Modifies Prefrontal Cortex Morphology in Primiparous Female Rats: Lack of Long Term Effects on a Subsequent Lactation.
Failure of Placebo Analgesia Model in Rats with Inflammatory Pain.
Navigated Intraoperative 2-Dimensional Ultrasound in High-Grade Glioma Surgery: Impact on Extent of Resection and Patient Outcome.
Dnmt3a is required for the tumor stemness of B16 melanoma cells.
Force-induced conformational changes in PIEZO1.
Shootins mediate collective cell migration and organogenesis of the zebrafish posterior lateral line system.
Molecular basis of PIP2-dependent regulation of the Ca2+-activated chloride channel TMEM16A.
Cytoplasmic DAXX drives SQSTM1/p62 phase condensation to activate Nrf2-mediated stress response.
Sustained microglial depletion with CSF1R inhibitor impairs parenchymal plaque development in an Alzheimer \' s disease model.
Correction: Mechanism of Snhg8/miR-384/Hoxa13/FAM3A axis regulating neuronal apoptosis in ischemic mice model.
Dystrophin deficiency leads to dysfunctional glutamate clearance in iPSC derived astrocytes.
Clinical Characterization of Definite Autoimmune Limbic Encephalitis: A 30-case Series.
Dose-response associations between accelerometry measured physical activity and sedentary time and all cause mortality: systematic review and harmonised meta-analysis.
Clinical Risk Factors of Asymptomatic Deep Venous Thrombosis in Patients With Acute Stroke.
Length summation in noise.
Genomic Resolution of DLX-Orchestrated Transcriptional Circuits Driving Development of Forebrain GABAergic Neurons.
EGFR Signaling Termination via Numb Trafficking in Ependymal Progenitors Controls Postnatal Neurogenic Niche Differentiation.
LFP clustering in cortex reveals a taxonomy of UP-states and near-millisecond, ordered phase-locking in cortical neurons.
Psycho-affective pathology in adults with congenital heart disease: Important progress is being made within a challenging field.
Association of Plasma Amylin Concentration With Alzheimer Disease and Brain Structure in Older Adults.
Mechanisms Associated with the Adverse Vascular Consequences of Rapid Posthypothermic Rewarming and Their Therapeutic Modulation in Rats.
Transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 mediates cocaine reinstatement via the D1 dopamine receptor in the nucleus accumbens.
Monitoring the Cerebrospinal Fluid Cytokine Profile Using Membrane-Based Antibody Arrays.
The Human Brain Proteome Project: Biological and Technological Challenges.
Early restoration of parvalbumin interneuron activity prevents memory loss and network hyperexcitability in a mouse model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
The iron-regulated vacuolar Legionella pneumophila MavN protein is a transition-metal transporter.
Expression Analyses of POGZ, A Responsible Gene for Neurodevelopmental Disorders, during Mouse Brain Development.
Neurophysiological, linguistic, and cognitive predictors of children \' s ability to perceive speech in noise.
Proteomic analysis of the intestine reveals SNARE-mediated immunoregulatory and amino acid absorption perturbations in a rat model of depression.
Interhemispheric visual competition after multisensory reversal of hemianopia.
Amyloid-beta PET-Correlation with cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers and prediction of Alzheimer s disease diagnosis in a memory clinic.
Mice deficient in protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor type Z (PTPRZ) show reduced responsivity to methamphetamine despite an enhanced response to novelty.
Bilateral facial palsy.
De novo GRIN variants in NMDA receptor M2 channel pore-forming loop are associated with neurological diseases.
Suppression of transcytosis regulates zebrafish blood-brain barrier function.
Cathepsin D improves the prediction of undetected diabetes in patients with myocardial infarction.
Melatonin ameliorates cuprizone-induced reduction of hippocampal neurogenesis, brain-derived neurotrophic factor, and phosphorylation of cyclic AMP response element-binding protein in the mouse dentate gyrus.
Potentiation of cannabinoid signaling in microglia by adenosine A2A receptor antagonists.
SQSTM1/p62 is involved in docosahexaenoic acid-induced cellular autophagy in glioblastoma cell lines.
Support vector machine based classification of smokers and nonsmokers using diffusion tensor imaging.
Intracellular accumulation of amino acids increases synaptic potentials in rat hippocampal slices.
RAB8, RAB10 and RILPL1 contribute to both LRRK2 kinase-mediated centrosomal cohesion and ciliogenesis deficits.
In Vitro Modelling of Nerve-Muscle Connectivity in a Compartmentalised Tissue Culture Device.
Therapeutic Potential of Neurotrophins for Repair After Brain Injury: A Helping Hand From Biomaterials.
Immuno-SABER enables highly multiplexed and amplified protein imaging in tissues.
TRPM1 Mutations are the Most Common Cause of Autosomal Recessive Congenital Stationary Night Blindness (CSNB) in the Palestinian and Israeli Populations.
Optimisation and validation of hydrogel-based brain tissue clearing shows uniform expansion across anatomical regions and spatial scales.
IP3 receptor isoforms differently regulate ER-mitochondrial contacts and local calcium transfer.
AAV-ie enables safe and efficient gene transfer to inner ear cells.
UPF1 regulates the malignant biological behaviors of glioblastoma cells via enhancing the stability of Linc-00313.
Ankyrin-G induces nucleoporin RanBP2/Nup358 to associate with the axon initial segment of neurons.
Teashirt 1 (Tshz1) is essential for the development, survival and function of hypoglossal and phrenic motor neurons in mouse.
The effects of perinatal SSRI exposure on anxious behavior and neurobiology in rodent and human offspring.
Feasibility of referral to a therapist for assessment of psychiatric problems in primary care - an interview study.
Magnetoencephalographic (MEG) brain activity during a mental flexibility task suggests some shared neurobiology in children with neurodevelopmental disorders.
Introduction to the Special Issue on Understanding Neurobiological Implication of Maltreatment: From Preschool to Emerging Adulthood.
H19-Dependent Transcriptional Regulation of beta3 and beta4 Integrins Upon Estrogen and Hypoxia Favors Metastatic Potential in Prostate Cancer.
Feeding Stimulates Sphingosine-1-Phosphate Mobilization in Mouse Hypothalamus.
Therapeutic treatment with Modafinil decreases the severity of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis in mice.
Nelson \' s notch in the rate-level functions of auditory-nerve fibers might be caused by PIEZO2-mediated reverse-polarity currents in hair cells.
The role of ongoing neuronal activity for baseline and stimulus-induced BOLD signals in the rat hippocampus.
Transplantation of fecal microbiota rich in short chain fatty acids and butyric acid treat cerebral ischemic stroke by regulating gut microbiota.
Enhanced regeneration and reinnervation following timed GDNF gene therapy in a cervical ventral root avulsion.
Non-Cell Autonomous Roles for CASK in Optic Nerve Hypoplasia.
Persistent Nociception Facilitates the Extinction of Morphine-Induced Conditioned Place Preference.
[Empathy in psychiatry and psychotherapy].
The Role of Vitamin D Receptor Gene Polymorphisms in Thyroid-Associated Orbitopathy.
Orientation-selective adaptation improves perceptual grouping.
3D Kinematic Gait Analysis for Preclinical Studies in Rodents.
Presence of a Synergistic Interaction Between Current Cigarette Smoking and Diabetes Mellitus on Development of Dementia in Older Adults.
Neuronal activation in zebra finch parents associated with reintroduction of nestlings.
Slower Binocular Rivalry in the Autistic Brain.
Area-Specific Mapping of Binocular Disparity across Mouse Visual Cortex.
Lucidity in dementia: A perspective from the NIA.
Classical conditioning of antidepressant placebo effects in mice.
Inhibition of SIRT1 in hippocampal CA1 ameliorates PTSD-like behaviors in mice by protections of neuronal plasticity and serotonin homeostasis via NHLH2/MAO-A pathway.
Ginkgolide K supports remyelination via induction of astrocytic IGF/PI3K/Nrf2 axis.
Reduced melatonin synthesis in pregnant night workers: Metabolic implications for offspring.
Gender differences in associations of depressive symptoms and anxiety with inflammatory markers in patients with non-obstructive coronary artery disease.
Neuroprotection by nicotinamide mononucleotide adenylyltransferase 1 with involvement of autophagy in an aged rat model of transient cerebral ischemia and reperfusion.
Neurobiology of resilience in depression: immune and vascular insights from human and animal studies.
Leptin polymorphism rs3828942: risk for anxiety disorders?
Tumoricidal Stem Cell Therapy Enables Killing in Novel Hybrid Models of Heterogeneous Glioblastoma.
The endosomal sorting adaptor HD-PTP is required for ephrin-B:EphB signalling in cellular collapse and spinal motor axon guidance.
Deep multiomics profiling of brain tumors identifies signaling networks downstream of cancer driver genes.
A model for visual naming based on spatiotemporal dynamics of ECoG high-gamma modulation.
Recovery of offline and online sentence processing in aphasia: Language and domain-general network neuroplasticity.
RNA sequencing reveals abnormal LDB3 splicing in sudden cardiac death.
Motivation, risk-taking and sensation seeking behavior in propofol anesthesia exposed peripubertal rats.
WHO grade has no prognostic value in the pediatric high-grade glioma included in the HERBY trial.
NaV1.6 and NaV1.7 channels are major endogenous voltage-gated sodium channels in ND7/23 cells.
G protein-coupled oestrogen receptor stimulation ameliorates iron- and ovariectomy-induced memory impairments through the cAMP/PKA/CREB signalling pathway.
Neurophysiological correlates of collective perceptual decision-making.
Optogenetic assessment of VIP, PV, SOM and NOS inhibitory neuron activity and cerebral blood flow regulation in mouse somato-sensory cortex.
Judgment Capacity, Fear of Falling, and the Risk of Falls in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: The Progetto Veneto Anziani Longitudinal Study.
Maternal Smoking and Hospital Treatment During Pregnancy.
Genetic disruption of the putative binding site for Homer on DmGluRA reduces sleep in Drosophila.
Selective Brain Network and Cellular Responses Upon Dimethyl Fumarate Immunomodulation in Multiple Sclerosis.
Subjectivity "Demystified": Neurobiology, Evolution, and the Explanatory Gap.
A Decoy-Receptor Approach Using Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor Mimics Reveals Their Potential as Novel Therapeutics Against Neurotoxic Snakebite.
Reproducibility of Structural and Diffusion Tensor Imaging in the TACERN Multi-Center Study.
Deprivation of Muscleblind-Like Proteins Causes Deficits in Cortical Neuron Distribution and Morphological Changes in Dendritic Spines and Postsynaptic Densities.
Functional Dissection of C. elegans bZip-Protein CEBP-1 Reveals Novel Structural Motifs Required for Axon Regeneration and Nuclear Import.
Expression of Oncofetal Antigen 5T4 in Murine Taste Papillae.
Dynamic Regulation of Synaptopodin and the Axon Initial Segment in Retinal Ganglion Cells During Postnatal Development.
Microglia Express Insulin-Like Growth Factor-1 in the Hippocampus of Aged APPswe/PS1DeltaE9 Transgenic Mice.
Homomeric and Heteromeric Abeta Species Exist in Human Brain and CSF Regardless of Alzheimer \' s Disease Status and Risk Genotype.
Near-Death High-Frequency Hyper-Synchronization in the Rat Hippocampus.
Increased P2X7 Receptor Binding Is Associated With Neuroinflammation in Acute but Not Chronic Rodent Models for Parkinson \' s Disease.
Monitoring Behaviorally Induced Biochemical Changes Using Fluorescence Lifetime Photometry.
Viral-Mediated Optogenetic Stimulation of Peripheral Motor Nerves in Non-human Primates.
Differential Role of Pontomedullary Glutamatergic Neuronal Populations in Sleep-Wake Control.
Author Correction: Genetic meta-analysis of diagnosed Alzheimer \' s disease identifies new risk loci and implicates Abeta, tau, immunity and lipid processing.
An S-cone circuit for edge detection in the primate retina.
AMPK activation, eEF2 inactivation, and reduced protein synthesis in the cerebral cortex of hibernating chipmunks.
Jagdish Chandra Bose &amp; plant neurobiology.
Specialized cutaneous Schwann cells initiate pain sensation.
Hippocampal sharp-wave ripples linked to visual episodic recollection in humans.
O-GlcNAc and EZH2-mediated epigenetic regulation of gene expression during consolidation of fear memories.
The role of MeCP2 in learning and memory.
Examining the contribution of histone modification to sex differences in learning and memory.
A head-to-toe dimerization has physiological relevance for ligand-induced inactivation of protein tyrosine receptor type Z.
TRPC6 Binds to and Activates Calpain, Independent of Its Channel Activity, and Regulates Podocyte Cytoskeleton, Cell Adhesion, and Motility.
Impairment of the Developing Human Brain in Iron Deficiency: Correlations to Findings in Experimental Animals and Prospects for Early Intervention Therapy.
Selection of Models: Evolution and the Choice of Species for Translational Research.
Variation across Species and Levels: Implications for Model Species Research.
Increasing Species Diversity in Neuroscience Research: How and Why?
Response of distant regions affected by diaschisis commissuralis in one of the most common models of transient focal ischemia in rats.
Prenatal Testosterone Exposure Alters GABAergic Synaptic Inputs to GnRH and KNDy Neurons in a Sheep Model of Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome.
Bhlhe40 and Bhlhe41 transcription factors regulate alveolar macrophage self-renewal and identity.
Aspects of cAMP Signaling in Epileptogenesis and Seizures and Its Potential as Drug Target.
Potential Use of Exfoliated and Cultured Olfactory Neuronal Precursors for In Vivo Alzheimer \' s Disease Diagnosis: A Pilot Study.
Sensory Tricks Are Associated with Higher Sleep-Related Quality of Life in Cervical Dystonia.
Honeybees prefer novel insect-pollinated flower shapes over bird-pollinated flower shapes.
Sonicating bees demonstrate flexible pollen extraction without instrumental learning.
Morphine coordinates SST and PV interneurons in the prelimbic cortex to disinhibit pyramidal neurons and enhance reward.
Inhibitor of apoptosis proteins are potential targets for treatment of granulosa cell tumors - implications from studies in KGN.
beta-Estradiol Protects Against Acidosis-Mediated and Ischemic Neuronal Injury by Promoting ASIC1a (Acid-Sensing Ion Channel 1a) Protein Degradation.
Acupuncture promotes expression of Hsp84/86 and delays brain ageing in SAMP8 mice.
Distinct roles of BCNP1 in B cell development and activation.
Complex Economic Behavior Patterns Are Constructed from Finite, Genetically Controlled Modules of Behavior.
Petrosal morphology and cochlear function in Mesozoic stem therians.
MicroRNA 182 promotes T helper 1 cell by Repressing Hypoxia Induced Factor 1 alpha in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
Somatic double-hit in MTOR and RPS6 in hemimegalencephaly with intractable epilepsy.
Molecular and anatomical organization of the dorsal raphe nucleus.
What should selective cardiometabolic prevention programmes in European primary care look like? A consensus-based design by the SPIMEU group.
Gut microbes, ageing &amp; organ function: a chameleon in modern biology?
Synaptic actin stabilization protein loss in Down syndrome and Alzheimer disease.
Retrospective follow-up analysis of the transcriptomic patterns of cytokines, cytokine receptors and chemokines at preconception and during pregnancy, in women with post-partum depression.
A new approach of ocular nebulization with vitamin B12 versus oxytocin for the treatment of dry eye disease: an in vivo confocal microscopy study.
Bounded rationality in C. elegans is explained by circuit-specific normalization in chemosensory pathways.
Gulp1 controls Eph/ephrin trogocytosis and is important for cell rearrangements during development.
Comparison between logistic regression and machine learning algorithms on survival prediction of traumatic brain injuries.
The in-air auditory thresholds of the eurasian otter (Lutra lutra, L. 1758) as determined by auditory brainstem responses.
Oscillatory connectivity as a diagnostic marker of dementia due to Alzheimer \' s disease.
A systematic optimization of 19F MR image acquisition to detect macrophage invasion into an ECM hydrogel implanted in the stroke-damaged brain.
Oxytocin induces penile erection and yawning when injected into the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis: A microdialysis and immunohistochemical study.
Peroxiredoxin 5 prevents diethylhexyl phthalate-induced neuronal cell death by inhibiting mitochondrial fission in mouse hippocampal HT-22 cells.
The prokineticin receptor antagonist PC1 rescues memory impairment induced by beta amyloid administration through the modulation of prokineticin system.
Real-Life Neuroscience: An Ecological Approach to Brain and Behavior Research.
Prioritization of candidate cancer drugs based on a drug functional similarity network constructed by integrating pathway activities and drug activities.
Chemotactic migration of newly excysted juvenile Clonorchis sinensis is suppressed by neuro-antagonists.
Inter-rhombomeric interactions reveal roles for fibroblast growth factors signaling in segmental regulation of EphA4 expression.
Rubral modulation of breathing.
Enhanced Bottom-Up and Reduced Top-Down fMRI Activity Is Related to Long-Lasting Nonreinforced Behavioral Change.
Region-specific myelin differences define behavioral consequences of chronic social defeat stress in mice.
Resting-State fMRI Metrics in Acute Sport-Related Concussion and Their Association with Clinical Recovery: A Study from the NCAA-DOD CARE Consortium.
Regulation of the firing activity by PKA-PKC-Src family kinases in cultured neurons of hypothalamic arcuate nucleus.
The intrinsic attractor manifold and population dynamics of a canonical cognitive circuit across waking and sleep.
Publisher Correction: Continuous evolution of base editors with expanded target compatibility and improved activity.
Parallels in the sequential organization of birdsong and human speech.
The Caenorhabditis elegans Transgenic Toolbox.
Spinal cord alpha-synuclein deposition associated with myoclonus in patients with MSA-C.
Multiple system atrophy and myoclonus: A morphologic marker in the spinal cord?
A Whole-body Sensory-Motor Gradient is Revealed in the Medial Wall of the Parietal Lobe.
Isolates from colonic spirochaetosis in humans show high genomic divergence and potential pathogenic features but are not detected using standard primers for the human microbiota.
Modeling the Longitudinal Effects of Insight on Depression, Quality of Life and Suicidality in Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders: Results from the FACE-SZ Cohort.
Manual Therapy Reduces Pain Behavior and Oxidative Stress in a Murine Model of Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Type I.
Current and Future Trends on Diagnosis and Prognosis of Glioblastoma: From Molecular Biology to Proteomics.
A Novel Neuroprotective Role of Phosphatase of Regenerating Liver-1 against CO2 Stimulation in Drosophila.
The temporal and spatial constraints of saccade planning to double-step target displacements.
Audiovisual detection at different intensities and delays.
Alterations in White Matter Network and Microstructural Integrity Differentiate Parkinson \' s Disease Patients and Healthy Subjects.
Evidence of Construct Validity for the Modified Mental Fatigue Scale When Used in Persons with Cerebral Palsy.
Differential Effects of Addictive Drugs on Sleep and Sleep Stages.
Gain control in the sensorimotor system.
Lack of Associations Between Dietary Intake and Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Loxapine for Treatment of Patients With Refractory, Chemotherapy-Induced Neuropathic Pain: A Prematurely Terminated Pilot Study Showing Efficacy But Limited Tolerability.
Vanishing white matter: deregulated integrated stress response as therapy target.
Analysis of the functional capacity outcome measures for myotonic dystrophy.
Organization framework and preliminary findings from the Athens First-Episode Psychosis Research Study.
A reappraisal and revision of the numbering of the pharyngeal arches.
N-cadherin (Cdh2) Maintains Migration and Postmitotic Survival of Cortical Interneuron Precursors in a Cell-Type-Specific Manner.
Traumatic brain injury and Alzheimer \' s disease neuropathology.
Assessing cost-effectiveness of early intervention in Alzheimer \' s disease: An open-source modeling framework.
De Novo Missense Variants in FBXW11 Cause Diverse Developmental Phenotypes Including Brain, Eye, and Digit Anomalies.
Artery-Associated Sympathetic Innervation Drives Rhythmic Vascular Inflammation of Arteries and Veins.
Low vision status and declining vision decrease Health-Related Quality of Life: Results from a nationwide 11-year follow-up study.
Neuroimaging insights into the link between depression and Insomnia: A systematic review.
Anesthetic propofol blunts remote preconditioning of trauma-induced cardioprotection via the TRPV1 receptor.
Corrigendum to: TFOS DEWS II pathophysiology report. Ocul Surf (2017)15(3): 438-510.
Sensorimotor developmental factors influencing the performance of laboratory rodents on learning and memory.
alpha1-Na/K-ATPase inhibition rescues aberrant dendritic calcium dynamics and memory deficits in the hippocampus of an Angelman syndrome mouse model.
Neurochemical evidence that cysteamine modulates amphetamine-induced dopaminergic neuronal activity in striatum by decreasing dopamine release: an in vivo microdialysis study in freely moving rats.
Differences in anxiety levels among symptoms of insomnia. The HUNT study.
Neurobiology of Opioid Addiction: Opponent Process, Hyperkatifeia, and Negative Reinforcement.
Construct validity and test-retest reliability of the Swedish version of the Acceptance of Chronic Health Conditions Scale.
Functional hierarchy for tactile processing in the visual cortex of sighted adults.
The metabolic alteration and apparent preservation of the zombie ant brain.
Modulation of COX-2, INF-gamma, glutamatergic and opioid systems contributes to antinociceptive, anti-inflammatory and anti-hyperalgesic effects of bis(3-amino-2-pyridine) diselenide.
Noninvasive spinal neuromodulation to map and augment lower urinary tract function in rhesus macaques.
Fat navigators and Moire phase tracking comparison for motion estimation and retrospective correction.
Cocaine potently blocks neuronal alpha3beta4 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in SH-SY5Y cells.
Inter-axonal recognition organizes Drosophila olfactory map formation.
MYC competes with MiT/TFE in regulating lysosomal biogenesis and autophagy through an epigenetic rheostat.
A Computational Model of Oxytocin Modulation of Olfactory Recognition Memory.
Neurobiology of organophosphate-induced seizures.
Eloge de la Fuite: Neural Circuits for Avoiding Dangerous Situations.
Synergistic Coding of Visual Information in Columnar Networks.
Early Adversity and the Neotenous Human Brain.
Capturing Novel Non-opioid Pain Targets.
Reproducible changes in the gut microbiome suggest a shift in microbial and host metabolism during spaceflight.
Maternal plasma levels of oxytocin during physiological childbirth - a systematic review with implications for uterine contractions and central actions of oxytocin.
Coatopathies: Genetic Disorders of Protein Coats.
The Roles of Statistics in Human Neuroscience.
Immunoglobulin abnormalities in 1677 solid organ transplant recipients. Implications for posttransplantation follow-up.
Glutamate/GABA co-release selectively influences postsynaptic glutamate receptors in mouse cortical neurons.
Targeting Peripheral Somatosensory Neurons to Improve Tactile-Related Phenotypes in ASD Models.
Probing disrupted neurodevelopment in autism using human stem cell-derived neurons and organoids: an outlook into the future diagnostics and drug development.
Comparison of CRISPR Genomic Tagging for Affinity Purification and Endogenous Immunoprecipitation Coupled with Quantitative Mass Spectrometry To Identify the Dynamic AMPKalpha2 Interactome.
The Bayesian-Laplacian brain.
Making sense of Cbp/p300 loss of function mutations in skin tumorigenesis.
MAGEL2-related disorders: A study and case series.
Engineering nerve guidance conduits with three-dimenisonal bioprinting technology for long gap peripheral nerve regeneration.
Role of formyl peptide receptor 2 (FPR2) in the normal brain and in neurological conditions.
Nutrient and hormone composition of milk is altered in rodent dams post-bariatric surgery.
Interprofessional learning in an international context: the unfamiliar as impetus for learning, also about oneself.
GABAergic cell types in the superficial layers of the mouse superior colliculus.
Prospects and challenges of imaging neuroinflammation beyond TSPO in Alzheimer \' s disease.
The association between gout and cardiovascular disease in patients with atrial fibrillation.
Myosin-II mediated traction forces evoke localized Piezo1-dependent Ca2+ flickers.
Clinical improvement and enhanced collateral vessel growth after xenogenic monocyte transplantation.
The Anti-inflammatory Compound Candesartan Cilexetil Improves Neurological Outcomes in a Mouse Model of Neonatal Hypoxia.
Altered Domain Functional Network Connectivity Strength and Randomness in Schizophrenia.
The Energy Homeostasis Principle: Neuronal Energy Regulation Drives Local Network Dynamics Generating Behavior.
Maturation of Corticospinal Tracts in Children With Hemiplegic Cerebral Palsy Assessed by Diffusion Tensor Imaging and Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.
PKC, AKT and ERK1/2-Mediated Modulations of PARP1, NF-kappaB and PEA15 Activities Distinctly Regulate Regional Specific Astroglial Responses Following Status Epilepticus.
Neurobiology and Therapeutic Potential of alpha5-GABA Type A Receptors.
Re-thinking the Etiological Framework of Neurodegeneration.
Steroid receptors and their regulation in avian extraembryonic membranes provide a novel substrate for hormone mediated maternal effects.
The N-terminal region of RTP1S plays important roles in dimer formation and odorant receptor-trafficking.
Neurobiological perspective of 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
A circuit view of deep brain stimulation in Alzheimer \' s disease and the possible mechanisms.
Genetic heterogeneity in infantile spasms.
Maternal ethanol consumption before paternal fertilization: Stimulation of hypocretin neurogenesis and ethanol intake in zebrafish offspring.
Re-exploring Mechanisms of Exploration.
Overexpression of human Atp13a2Isoform-1 protein protects cells against manganese and starvation-induced toxicity.
Cost analysis of day care centres in Norway.
Action Intention-based and Stimulus Regularity-based Predictions: Same or Different?
Contextual modulation induced by contrast and speed on direction perception.
Differential mitochondrial morphology in ventral striatal projection neuron subtypes.
Dysregulation of placental ABC transporters in a murine model of malaria-induced preterm labor.
A small number of cholinergic neurons mediate hyperaggression in female Drosophila.
Effects of Exercise on Chemotherapy Completion and Hospitalization Rates: The OptiTrain Breast Cancer Trial.
Transcriptomic abnormalities in peripheral blood in bipolar disorder, and discrimination of the major psychoses.
Novel mutations and the ophthalmologic characters in Chinese patients with Wolfram Syndrome.
Expansion of Luminal Progenitor Cells in the Aging Mouse and Human Prostate.
Interplay between a Mental Disorder Risk Gene and Developmental Polarity Switch of GABA Action Leads to Excitation-Inhibition Imbalance.
Medicine in the Fourth Dimension.
Women with PSVT are more often misdiagnosed compared to men.
Anterior cingulate cortex modulates the affective-motivative dimension of hyperosmolality-induced thirst.
Interregional causal influences of brain metabolic activity reveal the spread of aging effects during normal aging.
Tenidap suppresses epileptiform burst discharges in cultured hippocampal neurons by activation of Kir2.3 channels.
Differentiation of Early Alzheimer \' s Disease, Mild Cognitive Impairment and Cognitively Healthy Elderly Samples using Multimodal Neuroimaging Indices.
Microglial-induced apoptosis is potentially responsible for hyperalgesia variations during CFA-induced inflammation.
Protective effect of ibuprofen in a rat model of chronic oxaliplatin-induced peripheral neuropathy.
European Ultrahigh-Field Imaging Network for Neurodegenerative Diseases (EUFIND).
Author Correction: Kilohertz frame-rate two-photon tomography.
Autism-like social deficit generated by Dock4 deficiency is rescued by restoration of Rac1 activity and NMDA receptor function.
Proteolysis of the low density lipoprotein receptor by bone morphogenetic protein-1 regulates cellular cholesterol uptake.
Designing Functionally Selective Noncatechol Dopamine D1 Receptor Agonists with Potent In Vivo Antiparkinsonian Activity.
CDDO-Me Selectively Attenuates CA1 Neuronal Death Induced by Status Epilepticus via Facilitating Mitochondrial Fission Independent of LONP1.
The Autophagy Status of Cancer Stem Cells in Gliobastoma Multiforme: From Cancer Promotion to Therapeutic Strategies.
Bioink Composition and Printing Parameters for 3D Modeling Neural Tissue.
Loss of ICP22 in HSV-1 Elicits Immune Infiltration and Maintains Stromal Keratitis Despite Reduced Primary and Latent Virus Infectivity.
Longitudinal cognitive decline in autosomal-dominant Alzheimer \' s disease varies with mutations in APP and PSEN1 genes.
Modification of HDL by reactive aldehydes alters select cardioprotective functions of HDL in macrophages.
Strategic deployment of feature-based attentional gain in primate visual cortex.
Amygdala arginine vasopressin modulates chronic ethanol withdrawal anxiety-like behavior in the social interaction task.
Sex hormone intake in female blood donors: impact on haemolysis during cold storage and regulation of erythrocyte calcium influx by progesterone.
ADHD With Comorbid Bipolar Disorders: A Systematic Review of Neurobiological, Clinical And Pharmacological Aspects Across The Lifespan.
Neural correlates of association strength and categorical relatedness in youths with autism spectrum disorder.
Apolipoprotein E gene polymorphism, posttraumatic stress disorder, and cognitive function in older U.S. veterans: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study.
11-Aminostrychnine and N-(Strychnine-11-yl)propionamide: Synthesis, Configuration, and Pharmacological Evaluation at Glycine Receptors.
GLUT1-mediated effective anti-miRNA21 pompon for cancer therapy.
Optimal policy for multi-alternative decisions.
Wireless optofluidic brain probes for chronic neuropharmacology and photostimulation.
Maintenance of cell type-specific connectivity and circuit function requires Tao kinase.
Treatment response classes in major depressive disorder identified by model-based clustering and validated by clinical prediction models.
Activity-evoked and spontaneous opening of synaptic fusion pores.
TFEB mediates immune evasion and resistance to mTOR inhibition of renal cell carcinoma via induction of PD-L1.
New Concerns for Neurocognitive Function during Deep Space Exposures to Chronic, Low Dose-Rate, Neutron Radiation.
Gut-Brain Interactions: Implications for a Role of the Gut Microbiota in the Treatment and Prognosis of Anorexia Nervosa and Comparison to Type I Diabetes.
Lipid and Lipid Raft Alteration in Aging and Neurodegenerative Diseases: A Window for the Development of New Biomarkers.
rMSIKeyIon: An Ion Filtering R Package for Untargeted Analysis of Metabolomic LDI-MS Images.
The influence of ketamine on drug discovery in depression.
Genetic background modifies CNS-mediated sensorimotor decline in the AD-BXD mouse model of genetic diversity in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Association of White Matter Rarefaction, Arteriolosclerosis, and Tau With Dementia in Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy.
Ex Vivo Oculomotor Slice Culture from Embryonic GFP-Expressing Mice for Time-Lapse Imaging of Oculomotor Nerve Outgrowth.
Low-Cost Gait Analysis for Behavioral Phenotyping of Mouse Models of Neuromuscular Disease.
Regular Music Exposure in Juvenile Rats Facilitates Conditioned Fear Extinction and Reduces Anxiety after Foot Shock in Adulthood.
Modulation of Nerve Cell Differentiation: Role of Polyphenols and of Contactin Family Components.
Nfatc4 Deficiency Attenuates Ototoxicity by Suppressing Tnf-Mediated Hair Cell Apoptosis in the Mouse Cochlea.
Language as a Tool: Motor Proficiency Using a Tool Predicts Individual Linguistic Abilities.
New Frontiers in Anxiety Research: The Translational Potential of the Bed Nucleus of the Stria Terminalis.
Oxytocin-Induced Changes in Intrinsic Network Connectivity in Cocaine Use Disorder: Modulation by Gender, Childhood Trauma, and Years of Use.
Olfactory Bulb Muscarinic Acetylcholine Type 1 Receptors Are Required for Acquisition of Olfactory Fear Learning.
Primer to Voltage Imaging With ANNINE Dyes and Two-Photon Microscopy.
Genome-wide transcriptomic and proteomic studies of Rett syndrome mouse models identify common signaling pathways and cellular functions as potential therapeutic targets.
Neuropathological correlates of amyloid PET imaging in Down syndrome.
Localization of keyhole limpet hemocyanin-like immunoreactivity in the nervous system of Biomphalaria alexandrina.
Bats Actively Use Leaves as Specular Reflectors to Detect Acoustically Camouflaged Prey.
Germ Granules Govern Small RNA Inheritance.
Genetic Depletion of Class I Odorant Receptors Impacts Perception of Carboxylic Acids.
Neuronal Correlates of Spatial Working Memory in the Endbrain of Crows.
Adaptation of Inhibition Mediates Retinal Sensitization.
Inhibition of Axon Regeneration by Liquid-like TIAR-2 Granules.
The SETD6 Methyltransferase Plays an Essential Role in Hippocampus-Dependent Memory Formation.
Gut Microbiota Dysbiosis Enhances Migraine-Like Pain Via TNFalpha Upregulation.
Transition program for adolescents with congenital heart disease in transition to adulthood: protocol for a mixed-method process evaluation study (the STEPSTONES project).
Reading and spelling skills are differentially related to phonological processing: Behavioral and fMRI study.
Examining resting-state functional connectivity in first-episode schizophrenia with 7T fMRI and MEG.
Involvement of N-type Ca2+ channel in microglial activation and its implications to aging-induced exaggerated cytokine response.
Dysregulation of p53 and Parkin Induce Mitochondrial Dysfunction and Leads to the Diabetic Neuropathic Pain.
The biological strategies for hearing re-establishment based on the stem/progenitor cells.
The Role of Heart Rate Variability in Mindfulness-Based Pain Relief.
Biomarkers For Epileptogenesis And Its Treatment.
Targeting BDNF/TrkB pathways for preventing or suppressing epilepsy.
The Role of Dynorphin and the Kappa Opioid Receptor in the Symptomatology of Schizophrenia: A Review of the Evidence.
Ketamine induced changes in regional cerebral blood flow, interregional connectivity patterns, and glutamate metabolism.
No language unification without neural feedback: How awareness affects sentence processing.
Melanin-concentrating hormone in the Locus Coeruleus aggravates helpless behavior in stressed rats.
Targeting the transferrin receptor for brain drug delivery.
Putative risk alleles for LATE-NC with hippocampal sclerosis in population-representative autopsy cohorts.
P2X7 activation enhances skeletal muscle metabolism and regeneration in SOD1G93A mouse model of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Systemic Amyloidosis: a Contemporary Overview.
Three divisions of the mouse caudal striatum differ in the proportions of dopamine D1 and D2 receptor-expressing cells, distribution of dopaminergic axons, and composition of cholinergic and GABAergic interneurons.
Loss of serum response factor in mature neurons in the dentate gyrus alters the morphology of dendritic spines and hippocampus-dependent behavioral tasks.
Reversibility of Age-related Oxidized Free NADH Redox States in Alzheimer \' s Disease Neurons by Imposed External Cys/CySS Redox Shifts.
Development of a Chimeric Model to Study and Manipulate Human Microglia In Vivo.
miR-424-5p maybe regulate blood-brain barrier permeability in a model in vitro with Abeta incubated endothelial cells.
Further Development of P4 Approach to Obstructive Sleep Apnea.
Electrical stimulation of the superior sagittal sinus suppresses A-type K+ currents and increases P/Q- and T-type Ca2+ currents in rat trigeminal ganglion neurons.
Stable Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis in Cannabinoid Receptor CB2 Deficient Mice.
Exposure-induced changes of plasma metabolome and gene expression in patients with panic disorder.
Stable auditory processing underlies phonological awareness in typically developing preschoolers.
Cortical, subcortical and spinal neural correlates of slackline training-induced balance performance improvements.
Pleiotropic Meta-Analysis of Cognition, Education, and Schizophrenia Differentiates Roles of Early Neurodevelopmental and Adult Synaptic Pathways.
A statistical analysis plan for a randomized clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ethosuximide in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
Effects of Sirtuin 1 on microglia in spinal cord injury: involvement of Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway.
Primary temporal bone chondrosarcoma: experience with 10 cases.
Hypothalamic mTORC2 is essential for metabolic health and longevity.
When Cultures Meet: The Landscape of "Social" Interactions between the Host and Its Indigenous Microbes.
Genetic spectrum and clinical profiles in a southeast Chinese cohort of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
Congenital goitrous hypothyroidism is caused by dysfunction of the iodide transporter SLC26A7.
Data for 3D reconstruction of the corticospinal tract in the wild-type and Semaphorin 6A knockout adult brain.
Sleep disturbances in Parkinson \' s disease are associated with central parkinsonian pain.
14-3-3 signal adaptor and scaffold proteins mediate GPCR trafficking.
Cyfip1 haploinsufficient rats show white matter changes, myelin thinning, abnormal oligodendrocytes and behavioural inflexibility.
The autism- and schizophrenia-associated protein CYFIP1 regulates bilateral brain connectivity and behaviour.
A biomimetic 2D transistor for audiomorphic computing.
Identification of a neurocircuit underlying regulation of feeding by stress-related emotional responses.
Clozapine-dependent inhibition of EGF/neuregulin receptor (ErbB) kinases.
Myosin V regulates synaptopodin clustering and localization in the dendrites of hippocampal neurons.
Laminin alpha2 controls mouse and human stem cell behaviour during midbrain dopaminergic neuron development.
Female rats are resistant to the long-lasting neurobehavioral changes induced by adolescent stress exposure.
Remodeling Membrane Binding by Mono-Ubiquitylation.
The P429L loss of function mutation of the human glycine transporter 2 associated with hyperekplexia.
Hippocampal Dysfunction in Schizophrenia and Aberrant Hippocampal Synaptic Plasticity in Rodent Model Psychosis: a Selective Review.
Zebrafish Exploit Visual Cues and Geometric Relationships to Form a Spatial Memory.
Use of Frameless Stereotactic Navigation System Combined with Intraoperative Magnetic Resonance Imaging and 5-Aminolevulinic Acid.
Developing zebrafish experimental animal models relevant to schizophrenia.
Repetitive enhancement of serum BDNF subsequent to continuation ECT.
Aversive conditioning in the tardigrade, Dactylobiotus dispar.
SALM1 controls synapse development by promoting F-actin/PIP2-dependent Neurexin clustering.
Pancreatic HB9 protein level is affected by early life stress in young adult rats: possible involvement of TNF-alpha and corticosterone.
Bases of Jerzy Konorski \' s theory of synaptic plasticity.
Reply to the letter "Waist circumference or sarcopenic obesity; which is more predictive?"
Bisphosphonates and mortality: confounding in observational studies?
Human biodistribution and radiation dosimetry of the 5-HT2A receptor agonist Cimbi-36 labeled with carbon-11 in two positions.
Inflammatory Cerebellar PML with a CD4/CD8 ratio of 2.9 Showed a Favorable Prognosis in a Patient with Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Case Report.
Acute ethanol exposure reduces serotonin receptor 1A internalization by increasing ubiquitination and degradation of beta-arrestin2.
CNS cell type-specific gene profiling of P301S tau transgenic mice identifies genes dysregulated by progressive tau accumulation.
Validation of a clinical-genetics score to predict hemorrhagic transformations after rtPA.
The ventral epithelium of Trichoplax adhaerens deploys in distinct patterns cells that secrete digestive enzymes, mucus or diverse neuropeptides.
Cannabis and Cannabinoid Biology in Stroke.
A Systems Biology Approach for Personalized Medicine in Refractory Epilepsy.
[Role and related mechanisms of microRNA-1 in cardiac development].
A Key Role for the Ubiquitin Ligase UBR4 in Myofiber Hypertrophy in Drosophila and Mice.
Activation of Astrocytic mu-Opioid Receptor Causes Conditioned Place Preference.
RGS14414 treatment induces memory enhancement and rescues episodic memory deficits.
Dermorphin [D-Arg2, Lys4] (1-4) amide inhibits below-level heat hypersensitivity in mice after contusive thoracic spinal cord injury.
Atypical clinical presentation of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
A role for the CD38 rs3796863 polymorphism in alcohol and monetary reward: evidence from CD38 knockout mice and alcohol self-administration, [11C]-raclopride binding, and functional MRI in humans.
Illness beliefs among people living with treated coeliac disease.
Gain-of-function mutations in the UNC-2/CaV2alpha channel lead to excitation-dominant synaptic transmission in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The readily-releasable pool dynamically regulates multivesicular release.
Reward, Control &amp; Decision-Making in Cannabis Use Disorder: Insights from Functional MRI.
Pleotropic Roles of Autotaxin in the Nervous System Present Opportunities for the Development of Novel Therapeutics for Neurological Diseases.
Minimal Computed Tomography Attenuation Value Within the Hematoma is Associated with Hematoma Expansion and Poor Outcome in Intracerebral Hemorrhage Patients.
Update on polyglucosan storage diseases.
Publisher Correction: The metabolite BH4 controls T cell proliferation in autoimmunity and cancer.
Kilohertz frame-rate two-photon tomography.
Across continents and demographics, unpredictable maternal signals are associated with children \' s cognitive function.
"Mute" plantar response: does the cortico-spinal tract "speak"?
Electroencephalographic spectral power as a marker of cortical function and disease severity in girls with Rett syndrome.
ALS-FTLD-linked mutations of SQSTM1/p62 disrupt selective autophagy and NFE2L2/NRF2 anti-oxidative stress pathway.
Frailty and chronic disease.
[11C]PIB PET imaging can detect white and grey matter demyelination in a non-human primate model of progressive multiple sclerosis.
Dynamic palmitoylation regulates trafficking of K channel interacting protein 2 (KChIP2) across multiple subcellular compartments in cardiac myocytes.
Acute changes of pro-inflammatory markers and corticosterone in experimental subarachnoid haemorrhage: A prerequisite for severity assessment.
Robustness of respiratory rhythm generation across dynamic regimes.
Development of an Innovative Career Development Program for Early-Career Women Faculty.
An Electrophysiological Investigation of Power-Amplification in the Ballistic Mantis Shrimp Punch.
Dynamic CRMP2 Regulation of CaV2.2 in the Prefrontal Cortex Contributes to the Reinstatement of Cocaine Seeking.
Differential disruption of conditioned ejaculatory preference in the male rat based on different sensory modalities by micro-infusions of naloxone to the medial preoptic area or ventral tegmental area.
LATE to the PART-y.
Zebrafish oxytocin neurons drive nocifensive behavior via brainstem premotor targets.
New alcohol-related genes suggest shared genetic mechanisms with neuropsychiatric disorders.
Alterations in Brain Structure and Amplitude of Low-frequency after 8 weeks of Mindfulness Meditation Training in Meditation-Naive Subjects.
Single-cell CAS-seq reveals a class of short PIWI-interacting RNAs in human oocytes.
Comparative characterization of human induced pluripotent stem cells (hiPSC) derived from patients with schizophrenia and autism.
Author response: Residency Training: Enhancing resiliency in our residents: Combining the principles of business and neurobiology.
Reader response: Residency Training: Enhancing resiliency in our residents: Combining the principles of business and neurobiology.
Akt Phosphorylates NQO1 and Triggers its Degradation, Abolishing Its Antioxidative Activities in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Peroxiredoxin 5 inhibits glutamate-induced neuronal cell death through the regulation of calcineurin-dependent mitochondrial dynamics in HT22 cells.
No CFH or ARMS2 Interaction with Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Low versus High Zinc, or beta-Carotene versus Lutein and Zeaxanthin on Progression of Age-Related Macular Degeneration in the Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2: Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 Report No. 18.
My branch is your branch: Talar morphology correlates with relative substrate size in platyrrhines at Tiputini Biodiversity Station, Ecuador.
Epidermal stem cells in wound healing and their clinical applications.
Neurophysiological Characterization of a Non-Human Primate Model of Traumatic Spinal Cord Injury Utilizing Fine-Wire EMG Electrodes.
Leptin Is Not Essential for Obesity-Associated Hypertension.
Intraaxial and Extraaxial Cavernous Malformation with Venous Linkage: Immune Cellular Inflammation Associated with Aggressiveness.
Reduced Hippocampal Neurogenesis in Mice Deficient in Apoptosis Repressor with Caspase Recruitment Domain (ARC).
PLD1 promotes dendritic spine morphogenesis via activating PKD1.
High throughput, rapid receptive field estimation for global motion sensitive neurons using a contiguous motion noise stimulus.
Single-cell memory trace imaging with immediate-early genes.
Effect of spatial filtering on accommodation.
Cooperative population coding facilitates efficient sound-source separability by adaptation to input statistics.
Global Metabolic Shifts in Age and Alzheimer \' s Disease Mouse Brains Pivot at NAD+/NADH Redox Sites.
Longitudinal Mapping of Cortical Thickness Measurements: An Alzheimer \' s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative-Based Evaluation Study.
Congenital microcephaly-linked CDK5RAP2 affects eye development.
Relationship of Cancer to Brain Aging Markers of Alzheimer \' s Disease: The Framingham Heart Study.
Nasal Placode Development, GnRH Neuronal Migration and Kallmann Syndrome.
Enhanced Glutamatergic Currents at Birth in Shank3 KO Mice.
Meta-Analysis of the Effects of the Catechol-O-Methyltransferase Val158/108Met Polymorphism on Parkinson \' s Disease Susceptibility and Cognitive Dysfunction.
Metabolic Reprogramming Promotes Myogenesis During Aging.
Evolution of Pallial Areas and Networks Involved in Sociality: Comparison Between Mammals and Sauropsids.
Early Life Stress Restricts Translational Reactivity in CA3 Neurons Associated With Altered Stress Responses in Adulthood.
Segregation of Unknown Odors From Mixtures Based on Stimulus Onset Asynchrony in Honey Bees.
Impact of Stress on Gamma Oscillations in the Rat Nucleus Accumbens During Spontaneous Social Interaction.
Multiple Patterns of Axonal Collateralization of Single Layer III Neurons of the Rat Presubiculum.
The Impact of Frequency Scale on the Response Sensitivity and Reliability of Cortical Neurons to 1/fbeta Input Signals.
Gut Microbiota Differs Between Parkinson \' s Disease Patients and Healthy Controls in Northeast China.
Functional Connectivity Within the Gustatory Network Is Altered by Fat Content and Oral Fat Sensitivity - A Pilot Study.
A Mechanism of Synaptic Clock Underlying Subjective Time Perception.
Serial Synapse Formation through Filopodial Competition for Synaptic Seeding Factors.
Cutaneous TRPV1+ Neurons Trigger Protective Innate Type 17 Anticipatory Immunity.
Critical errors in infrequently performed trauma procedures after training.
Potential of Epigenetic Therapy for Prader-Willi Syndrome.
Neuronal impairment following chronic Toxoplasma gondii infection is aggravated by intestinal nematode challenge in an IFN-gamma-dependent manner.
Investigational drugs in early-stage clinical trials for autism spectrum disorder.
Riluzole Selective Antioxidant Effects in Cell Models Expressing Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Endophenotypes.
Autophagy in periodontal ligament fibroblasts under biomechanical loading.
Identifying cognitive deficits in cocaine dependence using standard tests and machine learning.
Brain structure changes induced by attention bias modification training.
Corollary Discharge for Action and Cognition.
Astrocyte-Neuron Interactions in the Striatum: Insights on Identity, Form, and Function.
Independent effects of white matter hyperintensities on cognitive, neuropsychiatric, and functional decline: a longitudinal investigation using the National Alzheimer \' s Coordinating Center Uniform Data Set.
Process evaluation of a cluster randomised intervention in Swedish primary care: using care managers in collaborative care to improve care quality for patients with depression.
Cancer and ER stress: Mutual crosstalk between autophagy, oxidative stress and inflammatory response.
Circadian and Circannual Timescales Interact to Generate Seasonal Changes in Immune Function.
Hippocampal theta rhythm induced by vagal nerve stimulation: The effect of modulation of electrical coupling.
The priming effect of food persists following blockade of dopamine receptors.
A graph representation of functional diversity of brain regions.
Association between carbohydrate intake and fatty acids in the de novo lipogenic pathway in serum phospholipids and adipose tissue in a population of Swedish men.
Protein engineering of a ubiquitin-variant inhibitor of APC/C identifies a cryptic K48 ubiquitin chain binding site.
Ribosome profiling of selenoproteins in vivo reveals consequences of pathogenic Secisbp2 missense mutations.
Ontogeny of effective mechanical advantage in eastern cottontail rabbits (Sylvilagus floridanus).
Association Between Relevant Co-Morbidities and Dementia With Atrial Fibrillation-A National Study.
Reponse to: Is Micronucleus Assay Suitable for Biomonitoring Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 2?
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and TrkB hippocampal gene expression are putative predictors of neuritic plaque and neurofibrillary tangle pathology.
Tonic Calcium-Activated Chloride Current Sustained by ATP Release and Highly Desensitizing Human P2X1 Receptors.
Reactive astrocytes increase expression of proNGF in the mouse model of contused spinal cord injury.
A Paranigral VTA Nociceptin Circuit that Constrains Motivation for Reward.
Impairments in remote memory caused by the lack of Type 2 IP3 receptors.
Ataxin-7 and Non-stop coordinate SCAR protein levels, subcellular localization, and actin cytoskeleton organization.
The neurobiology under the placebo effect.
Exosome release and cargo in Down syndrome.
Age-related hearing loss increases full-brain connectivity while reversing directed signaling within the dorsal-ventral pathway for speech.
Queuing cues in rapid cortical processing.
GRP78 translocation to the cell surface and O-GlcNAcylation of VE-Cadherin contribute to ER stress-mediated endothelial permeability.
MerMAIDs: a family of metagenomically discovered marine anion-conducting and intensely desensitizing channelrhodopsins.
Lateral dispersion is required for circuit integration of newly generated dentate granule cells.
Glucocorticoid-induced leucine zipper "quantifies" stressors and increases male susceptibility to PTSD.
Evaluation of an intervention addressing a reablement programme for older, community-dwelling persons in Sweden (ASSIST 1.0): a protocol for a feasibility study.
Representation of shape, space, and attention in monkey cortex.
Fulminant cerebral venous thrombosis associated with the m.3243A&gt;G MELAS mutation: A new guise for an old disease.
Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors in Alzheimer \' s disease influence Zinc and Copper homeostasis.
Mice deficient in the C-terminal domain of TAR DNA-binding protein 43 develop age-dependent motor dysfunction associated with impaired Notch1-Akt signaling pathway.
Effects Of Folic Acid And Vitamin B 12 , Alone and in Combination on Cognitive Function and inflammatory Factors in the Elderly with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Single-Blind Experimental Design.
Conditions of limited calcium influx (CLCI) inhibits IL2 induction and favors expression of anergy-related genes in TCR/CD3 and CD28 costimulated primary human T cells.
Conditioned medium of primary lung cancer cells induces EMT in A549 lung cancer cell line by TGF-ss1 and miRNA21 cooperation.
Neurophysiological and behavioral correlates of alertness impairment and compensatory processes in ADHD evidenced by the Attention Network Test.
The use of everyday information communication technologies in the lives of older adults living with and without dementia in Sweden.
Antidiarrheal, vasorelaxant, and neuropharmacological actions of the diterpene tilifodiolide.
FcgammaRIIB-I232T polymorphic change allosterically suppresses ligand binding.
Collagen type IV in brain vessels of an AD mouse model: modulation by transthyretin?
BRICHOS: a chaperone with different activities depending on quaternary structure and cellular location?
Photoperiod-induced neurotransmitter plasticity declines with aging: An epigenetic regulation?
Refinement of the Primate Corticospinal Pathway During Prenatal Development.
Role of genetic background in the effects of adolescent nicotine exposure on mesolimbic dopamine transmission.
Noninvasive Localization of Language Cortex in an Awake 4-Year-Old Child with Rasmussen Encephalitis: A Case Report.
Aging Well: Using Precision to Drive Down Costs and Increase Health Quality.
Salvia officinalis, Rosmarinic and Caffeic Acids Attenuate Neuropathic Pain and Improve Function Recovery after Sciatic Nerve Chronic Constriction in Mice.
Health Benefits of Endurance Training: Implications of the Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor-A Systematic Review.
Resolving medulloblastoma cellular architecture by single-cell genomics.
Presynaptic Endosomal Cathepsin D Regulates the Biogenesis of GABAergic Synaptic Vesicles.
Epilepsy in second-generation immigrants: a cohort study of all children up to 18 years of age in Sweden.
Subicular pyramidal neurons gate drug resistance in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Open chromatin landscape of rat microglia upon proinvasive or inflammatory polarization.
In Vitro Recapitulation of Developmental Transitions in Human Neural Stem Cells.
Localization of Expressive Language Cortex in a 2-Year-Old Child Using High-Gamma Electrocorticography.
[DEEP BRAIN STIMULATION FOR OBSESSIVE COMPULSIVE DISORDER: CASE REPORT OF THE FIRST OCD PATIENT IN ISRAEL].
Recruitment and disruption of ventral pallidal cue encoding during alcohol seeking.
Anatomy Visualizations Using Stereopsis: Current Methodologies in Developing Stereoscopic Virtual Models in Anatomical Education.
Color preference and spatial distribution of glaphyrid beetles suggest a key role in the maintenance of the color polymorphism in the peacock anemone (Anemone pavonina, Ranunculaceae) in Northern Greece.
Arctium Species Secondary Metabolites Chemodiversity and Bioactivities.
Consciousness: New Concepts and Neural Networks.
Application of electrophysiological measures in spinal cord injury clinical trials: a narrative review.
Tryptophan Oxidation in the UQCRC1 Subunit of Mitochondrial Complex III (Ubiquinol-Cytochrome C Reductase) in a Mouse Model of Myodegeneration Causes Large Structural Changes in the Complex: A Molecular Dynamics Simulation Study.
S-Palmitoylation of junctophilin-2 is critical for its role in tethering the sarcoplasmic reticulum to the plasma membrane.
Foveal avascular zone morphology and parafoveal capillary perfusion in sickle cell retinopathy.
Mitophagy in Parkinson \' s Disease: From Pathogenesis to Treatment.
micro-opioid receptor, beta-endorphin, and cannabinoid receptor-2 are increased in the colonic mucosa of irritable bowel syndrome patients.
ZC4H2 stabilizes RNF220 to pattern ventral spinal cord through modulating Shh/Gli signaling.
Spinal cord dysfunction contributes to balance impairment in multiple sclerosis patients.
Prolonged nearwork affects the ciliary muscle morphology.
Mechanisms of Persistent Neurobiological Changes Following Adolescent Alcohol Exposure: NADIA Consortium Findings.
Neurophysiological Effects of High Velocity and Low Amplitude Spinal Manipulation in Symptomatic and Asymptomatic Humans: A Systematic Literature Review.
Linaclotide treatment reduces endometriosis-associated vaginal hyperalgesia and mechanical allodynia through viscerovisceral cross-talk.
NOD-like receptor protein 3 inflammasome drives postoperative mechanical pain in a sex-dependent manner.
The Impact of Cumulative Depression along the HIV Care Continuum in Women Living with HIV during the Era of Universal Antiretroviral Treatment.
Preparedness challenges of the Iranian health system for dust and sand storms: A qualitative study.
Positive Effects of Nature on Cognitive Performance Across Multiple Experiments: Test Order but Not Affect Modulates the Cognitive Effects.
Level of Insight in Patients With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: An Exploratory Comparative Study Between Patients With "Good Insight" and "Poor Insight".
Resolvin D5 Inhibits Neuropathic and Inflammatory Pain in Male But Not Female Mice: Distinct Actions of D-Series Resolvins in Chemotherapy-Induced Peripheral Neuropathy.
Social Housing Conditions Modulate the Long-Lasting Increase in Cocaine Reward Induced by Intermittent Social Defeat.
Dominance in Habitat Preference and Diurnal Explorative Behavior of the Weakly Electric Fish Apteronotus leptorhynchus.
PARK2 Mutation Causes Metabolic Disturbances and Impaired Survival of Human iPSC-Derived Neurons.
From Hiring to Firing: Activation of Inhibitory Neurons and Their Recruitment in Behavior.
Memory Prosthesis: Is It Time for a Deep Neuromimetic Computing Approach?
Distinct ipRGC subpopulations mediate light \' s acute and circadian effects on body temperature and sleep.
Transcutaneous Spinal Cord Stimulation Induces Temporary Attenuation of Spasticity in Individuals with Spinal Cord Injury.
A multivariate neuroimaging biomarker of individual outcome to transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
Induction of Neuroinflammation and Neurotoxicity by Synthetic Hemozoin.
A neural heading estimate is compared with an internal goal to guide oriented navigation.
Anterior cingulate cortex dysfunction underlies social deficits in Shank3 mutant mice.
Continuous evolution of base editors with expanded target compatibility and improved activity.
USP10 is a critical factor for Tau-positive stress granule formation in neuronal cells.
Acute social isolation alters neurogenomic state in songbird forebrain.
Deep learning of spontaneous arousal fluctuations detects early cholinergic defects across neurodevelopmental mouse models and patients.
TAF-ChIP: an ultra-low input approach for genome-wide chromatin immunoprecipitation assay.
Using a Robust and Sensitive GFP-Based cGMP Sensor for Real-Time Imaging in Intact Caenorhabditis elegans.
Defensive Behaviors Driven by a Hypothalamic-Ventral Midbrain Circuit.
Effects of Single Cage Housing on Stress, Cognitive, and Seizure Parameters in the Rat and Mouse Pilocarpine Models of Epilepsy.
Do Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitors Prevent or Delay Psychotropic Prescribing in People With Dementia? Analyses of the Swedish Dementia Registry.
Therapeutic hypothermia attenuates paraplegia and neuronal damage in the lumbar spinal cord in a rat model of asphyxial cardiac arrest.
Using online game-based platforms to improve student performance and engagement in histology teaching.
Roscovitine Attenuates Microglia Activation and Monocyte Infiltration via p38 MAPK Inhibition in the Rat Frontoparietal Cortex Following Status Epilepticus.
The Potential of Cannabidiol as a Treatment for Psychosis and Addiction: Who Benefits Most? A Systematic Review.
Sclerostin as Regulatory Molecule in Vascular Media Calcification and the Bone-Vascular Axis.
Accumbens neuroimmune signaling and dysregulation of astrocytic glutamate transport underlie conditioned nicotine-seeking behavior.
Potential roles of gut microbiome and metabolites in modulating ALS in mice.
miR-146a promotes Borna disease virus 1 replication through IRAK1/TRAF6/NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Kinetic Tuning of HDAC Inhibitors Affords Potent Inducers of Progranulin Expression.
Increased risk of epilepsy in patients registered in the Swedish Dementia Registry.
Corrigendum: ErbB4 acts as a suppressor in colitis and its associated carcinoma by negatively regulating cholesterol metabolism.
Effects of Distraction on Performance Validity: A Pilot Study with Veterans.
Cullin-4B E3 ubiquitin ligase mediates Apaf-1 ubiquitination to regulate caspase-9 activity.
Intraclass correlation - A discussion and demonstration of basic features.
Travelling fronts in time-delayed reaction-diffusion systems.
Signal Transduction in Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma.
Beyond sleepy: structural and functional changes of the default-mode network in idiopathic hypersomnia.
Neurobiology of Female Homicide Perpetrators.
Intranasal dopamine attenuates fear responses induced by electric shock to the foot and by electrical stimulation of the dorsal periaqueductal gray matter.
Cognitive flexibility in PTSD individuals following nature adventure intervention: is it really that good?
An update on NMDA antagonists in depression.
Genetic spectrum of renal disease for 1001 Chinese children based on a multicenter registration system.
Excessive exosome release is the pathogenic pathway linking a lysosomal deficiency to generalized fibrosis.
The effect of intrathyroidal versus intraperitoneal bevacizumab on thyroid volume and vasculature flow in a rat model.
Determining T2 relaxation time and stroke onset relationship in ischaemic stroke within apparent diffusion coefficient-defined lesions. A user-independent method for quantifying the impact of stroke in the human brain.
Learning a Spatial Task by Trial and Error in Drosophila.
CB1 Receptors in the Anterior Piriform Cortex Control Odor Preference Memory.
De Novo Missense Variants in WDR37 Cause a Severe Multisystemic Syndrome.
On Functional Connectivity and Symptom Relief After Gut-directed Hypnotherapy in Irritable Bowel Syndrome: A Preliminary Study.
Virus-Mediated Overexpression of ETS-1 in the Ventral Hippocampus Counteracts Depression-Like Behaviors in Rats.
Right arcuate fasciculus and superior longitudinal fasciculus abnormalities in primary insomnia.
Human intracerebroventricular (ICV) injection of autologous, non-engineered, adipose-derived stromal vascular fraction (ADSVF) for neurodegenerative disorders: results of a 3-year phase 1 study of 113 injections in 31 patients.
Temporal processing properties of auditory DUM neurons in a bush-cricket.
Locus coeruleus imaging as a biomarker for noradrenergic dysfunction in neurodegenerative diseases.
Cortical computations via metastable activity.
Histological validation of per-bundle water diffusion metrics within a region of fiber crossing following axonal degeneration.
5-Aza-2 \' -deoxycytidine increases hypoxia tolerance-dependent autophagy in mouse neuronal cells by initiating the TSC1/mTOR pathway.
Mapping critical hubs of receptive and expressive language using MEG: A comparison against fMRI.
Endogenous protection against the 6-OHDA model of Parkinson \' s disease in the Amazonian rodent Proechimys.
Embryonic Ketamine Produces a Downregulation of Prefrontal Cortex NMDA Receptors and Anxiety-Like Behavior in Adult Offspring.
Role of serotonin 4 receptor in the growth of hippocampal neurons during the embryonic development in mice.
Symptoms of sexual dysfunction among men from infertile couples: prevalence and association with testosterone deficiency.
Are respiratory disorders risk factors for troublesome low-back pain? A study of a general population cohort in Sweden.
Nigrostriatal and mesolimbic control of sleep-wake behavior in rat.
Narcolepsy - clinical spectrum, aetiopathophysiology, diagnosis and treatment.
Immunological memory: resting on two shoulders at antigen entrance sites?
Deletion of a Csf1r enhancer selectively impacts CSF1R expression and development of tissue macrophage populations.
Identification of a Spinal Circuit for Mechanical and Persistent Spontaneous Itch.
Mdivi-1, a mitochondrial fission inhibitor, modulates T helper cells and suppresses the development of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
Peripheral and central compensatory mechanisms for impaired vagus nerve function during peripheral immune activation.
Plasmonic Nanofactors as Switchable Devices to Promote or Inhibit Neuronal Activity and Function.
Effects of Psychology and Extragastrointestinal Symptoms on Health Care Use by Subjects With and Without Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
Opioids affect the fetal brain: reframing the detoxification debate.
Sex differences and gonadal hormone regulation of brain cardiolipin, a key mitochondrial phospholipid.
NA3 glycan: a potential therapy for retinal pigment epithelial deficiency.
Neurodevelopmental and Psychiatric Symptoms in Patients with a Cyst Compressing the Cerebellum: an Ongoing Enigma.
A novel WARS mutation causes distal hereditary motor neuropathy in a Chinese family.
A protocol for a randomised controlled, double-blind feasibility trial investigating fluoxetine treatment in improving memory and learning impairments in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy: Fluoxetine, Learning and Memory in Epilepsy (FLAME trial).
Tris DBA palladium is an orally available inhibitor of GNAQ mutant uveal melanoma in vivo.
Emergence of hierarchical organization in memory for random material.
Live cell imaging reveals 3 \' -UTR dependent mRNA sorting to synapses.
A multi-lock inhibitory mechanism for fine-tuning enzyme activities of the HECT family E3 ligases.
PLPP/CIN-mediated NEDD4-2 S448 dephosphorylation regulates neuronal excitability via GluA1 ubiquitination.
Co-option of neurotransmitter signaling for inter-organismal communication in C. elegans.
Morphogenesis as Bayesian inference: A variational approach to pattern formation and control in complex biological systems.
Predictive value of JC virus PCR in cerebrospinal fluid in the diagnosis of PML.
CROSS-cultural perspectives on gerontology in nursing education - a qualitative study of nurse educators \'  experiences.
Diazonium-Modified Screen-Printed Electrodes for Immunosensing Growth Hormone in Blood Samples.
A preliminary investigation of the role of slow-wave activity in modulating waking EEG theta as a marker of sleep propensity in major depressive disorder.
Call for articles on neglected topics.
Modulation of CA2 neuronal activity increases behavioral responses to fear conditioning in female mice.
The molecular tweezer CLR01 reduces aggregated, pathologic, and seeding-competent alpha-synuclein in experimental multiple system atrophy.
Effects of maternal separation on serotonergic systems in the dorsal and median raphe nuclei of adult male Tph2-deficient mice.
Testosterone administration increases synaptic density in the gyrus dentatus of old mice independently of physical exercise.
The importance of long non-coding RNAs in neuropsychiatric disorders.
Increased expression of blood muscarinic receptors in patients with reflex syncope.
Highlight: dynamics of the nervous system in health and disease.
The energetic brain - A review from students to students.
Iron status and risk factors for iron depletion in a racially/ethnically diverse blood donor population.
Polymethacryloyl-L-Phenylalanine [PMAPA]-Based Monolithic Column for Capillary Electrochromatography.
Traumatic Brain Injury Induces Tau Aggregation and Spreading.
Subjective well-being is associated with injury risk in adolescent elite athletes.
A novel de novo splicing mutation c.1444-2A&gt;T in the TSC2 gene causes exon skipping and premature termination in a patient with tuberous sclerosis syndrome.
The Drosophila Gene Sulfateless Modulates Autism-Like Behaviors.
The Principles of Electroconvulsive Therapy Based on Correlations of Schizophrenia and Epilepsy: A View From Brain Networks.
Effect of Home-Based High-Intensity Interval Training in Patients With Lacunar Stroke: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Markers of Novelty Processing in Older Adults Are Stable and Reliable.
Making BREAD: Biomimetic Strategies for Artificial Intelligence Now and in the Future.
Characterizing Whole Brain Temporal Variation of Functional Connectivity via Zero and First Order Derivatives of Sliding Window Correlations.
Neuronal vulnerability and multilineage diversity in multiple sclerosis.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 3 in the medial prefrontal cortex promotes stress resilience by reducing inflammatory processes.
Deficiency in BDNF/TrkB Neurotrophic Activity Stimulates delta-Secretase by Upregulating C/EBPbeta in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Prefrontal Pathways Provide Top-Down Control of Memory for Sequences of Events.
Spinal Neuropeptide Y1 Receptor-Expressing Neurons Form an Essential Excitatory Pathway for Mechanical Itch.
The Lateral Hypothalamic and BNST GABAergic Projections to the Anterior Ventrolateral Periaqueductal Gray Regulate Feeding.
Cortical and subcortical alterations associated with precision visuomotor behavior in individuals with autism spectrum disorder.
Association of Genetic and Environmental Factors With Autism in a 5-Country Cohort.
Human cerebrospinal fluid promotes spontaneous gamma oscillations in the hippocampus in vitro.
Response to Tursi.
Response to Zidar et al.
Cerebrospinal fluid light and heavy neurofilament level increased in anti-N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor encephalitis.
Early-life lessons of the courtship dance in a dance-duetting songbird, the Java sparrow.
Mechanisms underlying the EEG biomarker in Dup15q syndrome.
Clinical Characteristics of Anti-aquaporin 4 Antibody Positive Optic Neuritis in Japan.
The Comparison of a New Ultrasound-Induced Depression Model to the Chronic Mild Stress Paradigm.
Role of Corticotropin Releasing Factor in the Neuroimmune Mechanisms of Depression: Examination of Current Pharmaceutical and Herbal Therapies.
Tissue Transglutaminase Promotes Early Differentiation of Oligodendrocyte Progenitor Cells.
Nerve Growth Factor Pathobiology During the Progression of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Topologically correct central projections of tetrapod inner ear afferents require Fzd3.
Stress-induced changes in the S-palmitoylation and S-nitrosylation of synaptic proteins.
Circular RNA TLK1 Aggravates Neuronal Injury and Neurological Deficits after Ischemic Stroke via miR-335-3p/TIPARP.
Synthesis of (R,S)-isoproterenol, an inhibitor of tau aggregation, as an 11C-labeled PET tracer via reductive alkylation of (R,S)-norepinephrine with [2-11C]acetone.
Deciphering the role of epigenetics in self-limited epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes.
Plasticity in auditory categorization is supported by differential engagement of the auditory-linguistic network.
Development and body mass inversely affect children \' s brain activation in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during food choice.
Unraveling the evolutionary origin of ELR motif using fish CXC chemokine CXCL8.
Interleukin-1 reduces food intake and body weight in rat by acting in the arcuate hypothalamus.
Efficiency of Human Olfactory Ensheathing Cell Transplantation into Spinal Cysts to Improve Mobility of the Hind Limbs.
Physiological Biomimetic Culture System for Pig and Human Heart Slices.
The microbiota protects from viral-induced neurologic damage through microglia-intrinsic TLR signaling.
 Role of micro-Opioid Receptor Polymorphism in Patients of Rheumatoid Arthritis and their Correlation with Severity of Disease.
[Roles of macrophages in formation and progression of intracranial aneurysms].
Drosophila carboxypeptidase D (SILVER) is a key enzyme in neuropeptide processing required to maintain locomotor activity levels and survival rate.
Adult Neurogenesis in the Subventricular Zone and Its Regulation After Ischemic Stroke: Implications for Therapeutic Approaches.
Successful integration of radiation oncology in preclinical medical education : Experiences with an interdisciplinary training project.
Adhering to adhesion: assessing integrin conformation to monitor T cells.
Axon Guidance Molecules Guiding Neuroinflammation.
An update on the anxiolytic and neuroprotective properties of etifoxine: from brain GABA modulation to a whole-body mode of action.
Review: brain neurobiology of gambling disorder based on rodent models.
Genome-wide association study identifies eight risk loci and implicates metabo-psychiatric origins for anorexia nervosa.
Carboxy terminal collagen crosslinks as a prognostic risk factor for fall-related fractures in individuals with established spinal cord injury.
Reward signaling in a recurrent circuit of dopaminergic neurons and peptidergic Kenyon cells.
Defining the Kv2.1-syntaxin molecular interaction identifies a first-in-class small molecule neuroprotectant.
Ca2+ Signaling and Regeneration.
TRESK K+ Channel Activity Regulates Trigeminal Nociception and Headache.
Clinical neurophysiology of NREM parasomnias.
Clinical neurophysiology of CNS hypersomnias.
Sex differences in subcortical auditory processing emerge across development.
Anti-inflammatory treatment with a soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibitor attenuates seizures and epilepsy-associated depression in the LiCl-pilocarpine post-status epilepticus rat model.
Apelin-36 mitigates MPTP/MPP+-induced neurotoxicity: Involvement of alpha-synuclein and endoplasmic reticulum stress.
The promise of neurobiological research in anorexia nervosa.
The challenges of diabetic polyneuropathy: a brief update.
The Effects of APOE4 on Mitochondrial Dynamics and Proteins in vivo.
Choroid plexus-derived miR-204 regulates the number of quiescent neural stem cells in the adult brain.
Resting-State fMRI Networks in Children with Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
Using data science to diagnose and characterize heterogeneity of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Epigenetic inhibitor zebularine activates ear pinna wound closure in the mouse.
Neuronal XBP-1 Activates Intestinal Lysosomes to Improve Proteostasis in C. elegans.
Microdosing psychedelics: More questions than answers? An overview and suggestions for future research.
Ethanol-induced changes in synaptic amino acid neurotransmitter levels in the nucleus accumbens of differentially sensitized mice.
Association of Lifespan Cognitive Reserve Indicator With Dementia Risk in the Presence of Brain Pathologies.
Anandamide modulation of circadian- and stress-dependent effects on rat short-term memory.
CLARITY analysis of the Cl/pH sensor expression in the brain of transgenic mice.
Default-mode network activation underlies accurate contextual processing of exclusive disjunctions in older but not younger adults.
The neurovascular response is attenuated by focused ultrasound-mediated disruption of the blood-brain barrier.
The endocannabinoid system is affected by cholesterol dyshomeostasis: Insights from a murine model of Niemann Pick type C disease.
Physiotherapist as primary assessor for patients with suspected knee osteoarthritis in primary care-a randomised controlled pragmatic study.
The association of serotonin reuptake inhibitors and benzodiazepines with ictal central apnea.
Chronic social defeat stress induces sustained synaptic structural changes in the prefrontal cortex and amygdala.
Identification of amino acid residues of nerve growth factor important for neurite outgrowth in human dorsal root ganglion neurons.
CoRest1 regulates neurogenesis in a stage-dependent manner.
Place cell firing cannot support navigation without intact septal circuits.
Imaging axon regeneration within synthetic nerve conduits.
A behavior-based drug screening system using a Caenorhabditis elegans model of motor neuron disease.
Publisher Correction: Dynamic structural states of ClpB involved in its disaggregation function.
Author Correction: Time units for learning involving maintenance of system-wide cFos expression in neuronal assemblies.
Deep brain stimulation in Tourette syndrome: the known and the unknown.
Tetrodotoxin-Sensitive Sodium Channels Mediate Action Potential Firing and Excitability in Menthol-Sensitive Vglut3-Lineage Sensory Neurons.
2018 update of the EULAR recommendations for the role of the nurse in the management of chronic inflammatory arthritis.
What is the role of next generation sequencing in status epilepticus?
Control of Synaptic Specificity by Establishing a Relative Preference for Synaptic Partners.
Reduction of ephrin-A5 aggravates disease progression in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Epilepsy-associated stigma from the perspective of people with epilepsy and the community in Italy.
Evaluation of Spike Sorting Algorithms: Application to Human Subthalamic Nucleus Recordings and Simulations.
Cellular stress mechanisms of prenatal maternal stress: Heat shock factors and oxidative stress.
Roles of T875N somatic mutation in the activity, structural stability of JAK2 and the transformation of OCI-AML3 cells.
Antipsychotics: Mechanisms underlying clinical response and side-effects and novel treatment approaches based on pathophysiology.
Editorial for "What can clinical findings tell us about the neurobiology of schizophrenia? Revisited".
The effects of dual-tasking on temporal gait adaptation and de-adaptation to the split-belt treadmill in older adults.
Social Minds Sync Alike.
The alpha7 nicotinic receptor silent agonist R-47 prevents and reverses paclitaxel-induced peripheral neuropathy in mice without tolerance or altering nicotine reward and withdrawal.
Development and Cell Biology of the Blood-Brain Barrier.
Interneuron Types as Attractors and Controllers.
In chronic hypoxia, glucose availability and hypoxic severity dictate the balance between HIF-1 and HIF-2 in astrocytes.
Corticostriatal plasticity in the nucleus accumbens core.
Complex spike clusters and false-positive rejection in a cerebellar supervised learning rule.
Increased electroencephalography connectivity precedes epileptic spasm onset in infants with tuberous sclerosis complex.
Antitumor Activities and Cellular Changes Induced by TrkB Inhibition in Medulloblastoma.
Editorial: Neurobiological Models of Psychotherapy.
Polypharmacy and injurious falls in older adults: a nationwide nested case-control study.
KHDRBS3 regulates the permeability of blood-tumor barrier via cDENND4C/miR-577 axis.
Posterior parietal cortex plays a causal role in perceptual and categorical decisions.
Learning outside the box.
What would a synthetic connectome look like?
Cuprizone-treated mice, a possible model of schizophrenia, highlighting the simultaneous abnormalities of GABA, serine and glycine in hippocampus.
Autophagy in Neurotrauma: Good, Bad, or Dysregulated.
Visualization of Bacterial Protein Complexes Labeled with Fluorescent Proteins and Nanobody Binders for STED Microscopy.
(-)-Phenserine and the prevention of pre-programmed cell death and neuroinflammation in mild traumatic brain injury and Alzheimer \' s disease challenged mice.
ER-Ca2+ sensor STIM regulates neuropeptides required for development under nutrient restriction in Drosophila.
Lifestyle predictors of successful aging: A 20-year prospective HUNT study.
Interleukin-1 receptor accessory proteins are required for normal homeostatic responses to sleep deprivation.
Histone deacetylases inhibitor trichostatin A reverses anxiety-like symptoms and memory impairments induced by maternal binge alcohol drinking in mice.
Therapeutic potential and underlying mechanism of sarcosine (N-methylglycine) in N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor hypofunction models of schizophrenia.
The tumor cell-secreted matricellular protein WISP1 drives pro-metastatic collagen linearization.
Mechanism of methylation and acetylation of high GDNF transcription in glioma cells: A review.
Impulsivity Derived From the Dark Side: Neurocircuits That Contribute to Negative Urgency.
Pin1 Is Regulated by CaMKII Activation in Glutamate-Induced Retinal Neuronal Regulated Necrosis.
Human Dorsal Root Ganglia.
Quercetin Enhances Inhibitory Synaptic Inputs and Reduces Excitatory Synaptic Inputs to OFF- and ON-Type Retinal Ganglion Cells in a Chronic Glaucoma Rat Model.
Optimizing access to and use of formal dementia care: Qualitative findings from the European Actifcare study.
Protective effects of noradrenaline on benzo[a]pyrene-induced oxidative stress responses in brain tumor cell lines.
Reinforcement Contingency Learning in Children with ADHD: Back to the Basics of Behavior Therapy.
The astrocyte transcriptome in EAE optic neuritis shows complement activation and reveals a sex difference in astrocytic C3 expression.
Time series modeling of cell cycle exit identifies Brd4 dependent regulation of cerebellar neurogenesis.
The Author \' s Reply: Cerebellar Stroke-like Lesions?
Immune-Based Therapies for Traumatic Brain Injury: Insights from pre-clinical studies.
Evaluation of oxidative stress mechanisms and the effects of phytotherapic extracts on Parkinson \' s disease Drosophila PINK1B9 model.
Pacemaker cell characteristics of differentiated and HCN4-transduced human mesenchymal stem cells.
Fine-Tuning of Shh/Gli Signaling Gradient by Non-proteolytic Ubiquitination during Neural Patterning.
Defining a Spinal Microcircuit that Gates Myelinated Afferent Input: Implications for Tactile Allodynia.
The 24-h savings of adaptation to novel movement dynamics initially reflects the recall of previous performance.
Stereotactic system for accurately targeting deep brain structures in awake head-fixed mice.
Aberration corrections of doughnut beam by adaptive optics in the turbid medium.
Etomidate affects the anti-oxidant pathway to protect retinal ganglion cells after optic nerve transection.
Neurogenesis in the hippocampus of adult humans: controversy "fixed" at last.
Micromechanical adaptation as a treatment for spinal cord injury.
Young witnesses of intimate partner violence: screening and intervention.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1alpha regulates mitochondrial calcium homeostasis, sarcoplasmic reticulum stress, and cell death to mitigate skeletal muscle aging.
Generation and validation of novel conditional flox and inducible Cre alleles targeting fibroblast growth factor 18 (Fgf18).
Imaging HDACs In Vivo: Cross-Validation of the [11C]Martinostat Radioligand in the Pig Brain.
Cost effectiveness of optimal treatment of ADHD in Israel: a suggestion for national policy.
A theory of consciousness: computation, algorithm, and neurobiological realization.
Clinical features and genetic spectrum in Chinese patients with recessive hereditary spastic paraplegia.
The prevalence, associated factors for bone metastases development and prognosis in newly diagnosed ovarian cancer: a large population based real-world study.
Premedication with a cathepsin C inhibitor alleviates early primary graft dysfunction in mouse recipients after lung transplantation.
Quantifying individual differences in brain morphometry underlying symptom severity in Autism Spectrum Disorders.
[Artificial Intelligence and Brain Science: the Present and the Future].
Autoimmune diabetes mellitus and the leaky gut.
LTD-like plasticity of the human primary motor cortex can be reversed by gamma-tACS.
Transcriptomic profiling of neural stem cell differentiation on graphene substrates.
The functional interaction of the brain default network with motor networks is modified by aging.
Ultrasonic vocalization sex differences in 5-HT1A-R deficient mouse pups: Predictive phenotypes associated with later-life anxiety-like behaviors.
Neuroendocrine drivers of risk and resilience: The influence of metabolism &amp; mitochondria.
In-vivo optogenetics and pharmacology in deep intracellular recordings.
Evolution of the Chordate Telencephalon.
Neurobiology: REM-Sleep-Promoting  \' Goldilocks \'  Neurons.
Vision: Magnified Foveal Representation in Monkey Midbrain.
Effects and Mechanism of Action of Neonatal Versus Adult Astrocytes on Neural Stem Cell Proliferation After Traumatic Brain Injury.
Angiotensin AT2 receptor-induced interleukin-10 attenuates neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder-like pathology.
Deletion of Tet proteins results in quantitative disparities during ESC differentiation partially attributable to alterations in gene expression.
Correction to: ImtRDB: a database and software for mitochondrial imperfect interspersed repeats annotation.
Comparison of spectral domain and swept source optical coherence tomography for angle assessment of Chinese elderly subjects.
Care managers can be useful for patients with depression but their role must be clear: a qualitative study of GPs \'  experiences.
Use of opioids during pregnancy and effects of pregnancy outcomes.
Ultrastructure of giant thalamic terminals in the auditory cortex.
Current and emerging avenues for Alzheimer \' s disease drug targets.
Gas-Phase Collisions with Trimethylamine-N-Oxide Enable Activation-Controlled Protein Ion Charge Reduction.
Age-Related Decrease in Tyrosine Hydroxylase Immunoreactivity in the Substantia Nigra and Region-Specific Changes in Microglia Morphology in HIV-1 Tg Rats.
Acquisition of temporal order requires an intact CA3 commissural/associational (C/A) feedback system in mice.
Is plasticity of synapses the mechanism of long-term memory storage?
The role of Nav1.7 and methylglyoxal-mediated activation of TRPA1 in itch and hypoalgesia in a murine model of type 1 diabetes.
Targeting neuronal and glial cell types with synthetic promoter AAVs in mice, non-human primates and humans.
Genetic manipulation of autonomic nerve fiber innervation and activity and its effect on breast cancer progression.
Intravascular innate immune cells reprogrammed via intravenous nanoparticles to promote functional recovery after spinal cord injury.
ANK2 autism mutation targeting giant ankyrin-B promotes axon branching and ectopic connectivity.
Activation of Rod Input in a Model of Retinal Degeneration Reverses Retinal Remodeling and Induces Formation of Functional Synapses and Recovery of Visual Signaling in the Adult Retina.
Monosynaptic hippocampal-prefrontal projections contribute to spatial memory consolidation in mice.
ImtRDB: a database and software for mitochondrial imperfect interspersed repeats annotation.
Decreased symptom burden following surgery due to support from an interactive app for symptom management for patients with pancreatic and periampullary cancer.
The Importance of the Built Environment in Person-Centred Rehabilitation at Home: Study Protocol.
Development and regulation of breathing rhythms in embryonic and hatchling birds.
What can transcriptomics reveal about the phylogenetic/structural conservation, tissue localization, and possible functions of CNMamide peptides in decapod crustaceans?
Neuron-Glia Signaling in Synapse Elimination.
The Emerging Nature of Astrocyte Diversity.
Heterozygous loss of epilepsy gene KCNQ2 alters social, repetitive and exploratory behaviors.
Psychobiological Responses Reveal Audiovisual Noise Differentially Challenges Speech Recognition.
The Fly Brain Atlas.
Developmental Cell Death in the Cerebral Cortex.
Individualized quantification of the benefit from reperfusion therapy using stroke predictive models.
Implications of Gestational Weight Gain in Studies of Gestational Diabetes-Reply.
Longitudinal Two-Photon Imaging of Dorsal Hippocampal CA1 in Live Mice.
Identifying gene expression programs of cell-type identity and cellular activity with single-cell RNA-Seq.
Mitochondrial MsrB2 serves as a switch and transducer for mitophagy.
Mesenchymal derived exosomes enhance recovery of motor function in a monkey model of cortical injury.
Parkinson \' s Disease in Women and Men: What \' s the Difference?
Pure alexia with intact perception of complex visual stimuli: a case study.
Enzyme replacement therapy with recombinant pro-CTSD (cathepsin D) corrects defective proteolysis and autophagy in neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis.
Profiling of how nociceptor neurons detect danger - new and old foes.
Revealing the morphology and function of the cochlea and middle ear with optical coherence tomography.
Vitamin D Deficiency Is Associated with Muscle Atrophy and Reduced Mitochondrial Function in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain.
Taking Advantage of the Selectivity of Histone Deacetylases and Phosphodiesterase Inhibitors to Design Better Therapeutic Strategies to Treat Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Interferon Regulatory Factor 3 Deficiency Induces Age-Related Alterations of the Retina in Young and Old Mice.
Distribution and Relative Abundance of S100 Proteins in the Brain of the APP23 Alzheimer \' s Disease Model Mice.
Cross-cultural adaptation, validity, and reliability of the Turkish version of the Patient-Rated Elbow Evaluation.
Neuropeptides in modulation of Drosophila behavior: how to get a grip on their pleiotropic actions.
Prototyping a memristive-based device to analyze neuronal excitability.
Differential coupling between subcortical calcium and BOLD signals during evoked and resting state through simultaneous calcium fiber photometry and fMRI.
Alteration in the phosphorylation status of NMDA receptor GluN2B subunit by activation of both NMDA receptor and L-type voltage gated calcium channel.
Plants Neither Possess nor Require Consciousness.
Lesion Studies in Contemporary Neuroscience.
Transcribing Memories in Genome Architecture.
Role of microtubules in late-associative plasticity of hippocampal Schaffer collateral-CA1 synapses in mice.
Activation of microglia in acute hippocampal slices affects activity-dependent long-term potentiation and synaptic tagging and capture in area CA1.
Regulation of autophagy in mesenchymal stem cells modulates therapeutic effects on spinal cord injury.
Low Back Pain in the Emergency Department: Prevalence of Serious Spinal Pathologies and Diagnostic Accuracy of Red Flags - A Systematic Review.
Neural changes following cognitive remediation therapy for schizophrenia.
Comparison of classification methods for tissue outcome after ischaemic stroke.
Upregulation of proBDNF in the Mesenteric Lymph Nodes in Septic Mice.
Cul3 and insomniac are required for rapid ubiquitination of postsynaptic targets and retrograde homeostatic signaling.
Search for novel STAT3-dependent genes reveals SERPINA3 as a new STAT3 target that regulates invasion of human melanoma cells.
Neuroscience for architecture: The evolving science of perceptual meaning.
Safety and efficacy of epigallocatechin gallate in multiple system atrophy (PROMESA): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Commentary: Depression and Incidence of Frailty in Older People From Six Latin American Countries by Prina et al.
Activity-Based Training Alters Penile Reflex Responses in a Rat Model of Spinal Cord Injury.
Innovative approaches in cognitive aging.
Restoration of histone acetylation ameliorates disease and metabolic abnormalities in a FUS mouse model.
Factors related to health-related quality of life in older people with multimorbidity and high health care consumption over a two-year period.
The role of clonal communication and heterogeneity in breast cancer.
Experimental design and analysis for consideration of sex as a biological variable.
Conditional, inducible gene silencing in dopamine neurons reveals a sex-specific role for Rit2 GTPase in acute cocaine response and striatal function.
Downregulation of Notch Signaling in Kras-Induced Gastric Metaplasia.
p53: a tumor suppressor hiding in plain sight.
Modelling the mechanics of exploration in larval Drosophila.
Identification of diagnostic markers for major depressive disorder by cross-validation of data from whole blood samples.
Visual assessment of movement quality in the single leg squat test: a review and meta-analysis of inter-rater and intrarater reliability.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Does Not Improve the Sequence Effect in Freezing of Gait.
High Level of Serum Tissue Kallikrein Is Associated with Favorable Outcome in Acute Ischemic Stroke Patients.
Iron Deposition Leads to Hyperphosphorylation of Tau and Disruption of Insulin Signaling.
Subclinical Scores in Self-Report Based Screening Tools for Attention Deficits Correlate With Cognitive Traits in Typical Evening-Type Adults Tested in the Morning.
A Role for the Claustrum in Salience Processing?
Shank3 Mice Carrying the Human Q321R Mutation Display Enhanced Self-Grooming, Abnormal Electroencephalogram Patterns, and Suppressed Neuronal Excitability and Seizure Susceptibility.
Interaction of Sex and Age on the Dissociative Effects of Ketamine Action in Young Healthy Participants.
Highly Flexible Precisely Braided Multielectrode Probes and Combinatorics for Future Neuroprostheses.
New Neurons in the Post-ischemic and Injured Brain: Migrating or Resident?
Inhibition of Morphine- and Ethanol-Mediated Stimulation of Mesolimbic Dopamine Neurons by Withania somnifera.
Association Between Speed of Multimorbidity Accumulation in Old Age and Life Experiences: A Cohort Study.
Animal Models of Eating Disorders.
Bipolar Disorder: Its Etiology and How to Model in Rodents.
Animal Models of Self-Injurious Behavior: An Update.
Enhancing the Utility of Preclinical Research in Neuropsychiatry Drug Development.
Astrocytic p38alpha MAPK drives NMDA receptor-dependent long-term depression and modulates long-term memory.
Plug-and-Play Protein Modification Using Homology-Independent Universal Genome Engineering.
Habituation Learning Is a Widely Affected Mechanism in Drosophila Models of Intellectual Disability and Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Animal models of synucleinopathies and how they could impact future drug discovery and delivery efforts.
Microelectrode Arrays Modified with Nanocomposites for Monitoring Dopamine and Spike Firings under Deep Brain Stimulation in Rat Models of Parkinson \' s Disease.
High-content imaging analysis for detecting the loss of drebrin clusters along dendrites in cultured hippocampal neurons.
Interneurons Tap the Brakes on Learning.
The Finnish psychiatric birth cohort consortium (PSYCOHORTS) - content, plans and perspectives.
Neural Stem Cell Transplantation Improves Locomotor Function in Spinal Cord Transection Rats Associated with Nerve Regeneration and IGF-1 R Expression.
Urocortin 3 signalling in the auditory brainstem aids recovery of hearing after reversible noise-induced threshold shift.
SIRT1 Activation Attenuates Bone Cancer Pain by Inhibiting mGluR1/5.
Mechanics to pre-process information for the fine tuning of mechanoreceptors.
Allele-specific gene editing prevents deafness in a model of dominant progressive hearing loss.
An atlas of nano-enabled neural interfaces.
Multiparametric rapid screening of neuronal process pathology for drug target identification in HSP patient-specific neurons.
Locus coeruleus-CA1 projections are involved in chronic depressive stress-induced hippocampal vulnerability to transient global ischaemia.
Acute elevation of serum inflammatory markers predicts symptom recovery after concussion.
Macrophage Toll-like Receptor 9 Contributes to Chemotherapy-Induced Neuropathic Pain in Male Mice.
Feedforward thalamocortical connectivity preserves stimulus timing information in sensory pathways.
The Neurobiology of Confidence: From Beliefs to Neurons.
The autophagy protein ATG9A promotes HIV-1 infectivity.
User evaluation of a novel SMS-based reminder system for supporting post-stroke rehabilitation.
Peer support for the maintenance of physical activity and health in cancer survivors: the PEER trial - a study protocol of a randomised controlled trial.
3D Printing PLA/Gingival Stem Cells/ EVs Upregulate miR-2861 and -210 during Osteoangiogenesis Commitment.
Electroacupuncture Stimulation Alleviates CFA-Induced Inflammatory Pain Via Suppressing P2X3 Expression.
Visual dysfunction in patients with idiopathic rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder.
Comparisons of motor and sensory abnormalities after lumbar and thoracic contusion spinal cord injury in male rats.
Myosin VI Drives Clathrin-Mediated AMPA Receptor Endocytosis to Facilitate Cerebellar Long-Term Depression.
Nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase secreted from microglia via exosome during ischemic injury.
Psychobiotics: Shaping the Mind With Gut Bacteria.
Case studies in neuroscience: subcortical origins of the frequency-following response.
Caenorhabditis elegans as a tool for environmental risk assessment: emerging and promising applications for a "nobelized worm".
A Novel EEG Paradigm to Simultaneously and Rapidly Assess the Functioning of Auditory and Visual Pathways.
PP4-dependent HDAC3 dephosphorylation discriminates between axonal regeneration and regenerative failure.
Evolutionary Proteomics Reveals Distinct Patterns of Complexity and Divergence between Lepidopteran Sperm Morphs.
Differential Structure of Hippocampal CA1 Pyramidal Neurons in the Human and Mouse.
Agrin-Lrp4-Ror2 signaling regulates adult hippocampal neurogenesis in mice.
Vagal mechanisms as neuromodulatory targets for the treatment of metabolic disease.
Symptom and performance validation in patients with subjective cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment.
Characterization of the Brain Penetrant Neuropeptide Y Y2 Receptor Antagonist SF-11.
Voluntary physical activity counteracts Chronic Heart Failure progression affecting both cardiac function and skeletal muscle in the transgenic Tgalphaq*44 mouse model.
Regulation of MAGE-A3/6 by the CRL4-DCAF12 ubiquitin ligase and nutrient availability.
Molecular Design of Solid-State Nanopores: Fundamental Concepts and Applications.
F-actin patches associated with glutamatergic synapses control positioning of dendritic lysosomes.
A Novel Animal Model for Studying Depression Featuring the Induction of the Unfolded Protein Response in Hippocampus.
Prognostic value of Alzheimer \' s biomarkers in mild cognitive impairment: the effect of age at onset.
Molecular Mechanisms Associated with Nicotine Pharmacology and Dependence.
Editorial overview: Molecular neuroscience.
An optogenetic analogue of second-order reinforcement in Drosophila.
Sequential cocaine-alcohol self-administration produces adaptations in rat nucleus accumbens core glutamate homeostasis that are distinct from those produced by cocaine self-administration alone.
Carboxamides vs. methanimines: Crystal structures, binding interactions, photophysical studies, and biological evaluation of (indazole-5-yl)methanimines as monoamine oxidase B and acetylcholinesterase inhibitors.
Non-viral delivery of chemically modified mRNA to the retina: Subretinal versus intravitreal administration.
Concepts derived from the Challenge Hypothesis.
Feasibility of preoperative supervised home-based exercise in older adults undergoing colorectal cancer surgery - A randomized controlled design.
Mortality of midlife women with surgically verified endometriosis-a cohort study including 2.5 million person-years of observation.
Co-delivery of paclitaxel and melittin by glycopeptide-modified lipodisks for synergistic anti-glioma therapy.
Synthetic Disaccharide Standards Enable Quantitative Analysis of Stored Heparan Sulfate in MPS IIIA Murine Brain Regions.
Genetically encoded orientation probes for F-actin for fluorescence polarization microscopy.
Inhibition of ADAMTS-4 Expression in Olfactory Ensheathing Cells Enhances Recovery after Transplantation within Spinal Cord Injury.
Slass II histone deacetylases in the post-stroke recovery period-expression, cellular, and subcellular localization-promising targets for neuroprotection.
Identification of putative amine biosynthetic enzymes in the nervous system of the crab, Cancer borealis.
Top-down control of the medial orbitofrontal cortex to nucleus accumbens core pathway in decisional impulsivity.
Metabolome signature of autism in the human prefrontal cortex.
Pancreatic Cancer Presenting as a Pancreatic Duct Disruption.
Behavioral and neural auditory thresholds in a frog.
A Human-Derived Monoclonal Antibody Targeting Extracellular Connexin Domain Selectively Modulates Hemichannel Function.
Neuroinflammation and Glial Phenotypic Changes in Alpha-Synucleinopathies.
17beta-Estradiol Treatment Attenuates Neurogenesis Damage and Improves Behavior Performance After Ketamine Exposure in Neonatal Rats.
Activated PPARgamma Abrogates Misprocessing of Amyloid Precursor Protein, Tau Missorting and Synaptotoxicity.
PSD-95 deficiency disrupts PFC-associated function and behavior during neurodevelopment.
Activating an anterior nucleus gigantocellularis subpopulation triggers emergence from pharmacologically-induced coma in rodents.
fMRI data of mixed gambles from the Neuroimaging Analysis Replication and Prediction Study.
AXL Downstream Targeting Unravels Synergistic Drug Combinations in Ovarian Carcinoma Cells.
Sleep Matters: CD4+ T Cell Memory Formation and the Central Nervous System.
Pretreatment of Populus tomentiglandulosa protects hippocampal CA1 pyramidal neurons from ischemia-reperfusion injury in gerbils via increasing SODs expressions and maintaining BDNF and IGF-I expressions.
Single Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Induces Persistent Disruption of the Blood-Brain Barrier, Neuroinflammation and Cognitive Decline in Hypertensive Rats.
Neural Foundations of Ayres Sensory Integration .
Pyridox (am) ine 5 \' -phosphate oxidase deficiency induces seizures in Drosophila melanogaster.
Loss of mitochondrial protein CHCHD10 in skeletal muscle causes neuromuscular junction impairment.
In Reply: Viral Etiology of Bronchiolitis Among Pediatric Patients.
Approaches to Noninvasive Respiratory Support in Preterm Infants: From CPAP to NAVA.
Author Response to Bongers et al.
Labeling of Blood Vessels in the Teleost Brain and Pituitary Using Cardiac Perfusion with a DiI-fixative.
Neem Derivatives Inhibits Tau Aggregation.
Financial incentives linked to quality improvement projects in Swedish primary care: a model for improving quality of care.
Long-term use of noble metal alloy coated urinary catheters reduces recurrent CAUTI and decreases proinflammatory markers.
Manipulation of Gut Microbiota Influences Immune Responses, Axon Preservation, and Motor Disability in a Model of Progressive Multiple Sclerosis.
Annexin A1 Bioactive Peptide Promotes Resolution of Neuroinflammation in a Rat Model of Exsanguinating Cardiac Arrest Treated by Emergency Preservation and Resuscitation.
Illusory Motion Reversal in Touch.
Constipation Increases Disability and Decreases Dopamine Levels in the Nigrostriatal System through Gastric Inflammatory Factors in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Diagnostic errors reported in primary healthcare and emergency departments: A retrospective and descriptive cohort study of 4830 reported cases of preventable harm in Sweden.
Behavioral and Biochemical Implications of Dendrimeric Rivastigmine in Memory-Deficit and Alzheimer \' s Induced Rodents.
SIRT1 activation alleviates brain microvascular endothelial dysfunction in peroxisomal disorders.
Neurotechnology-aided interventions for upper limb motor rehabilitation in severe chronic stroke.
TBC1D24-TLDc-related epilepsy exercise-induced dystonia: rescue by antioxidants in a disease model.
The Foveal Visual Representation of the Primate Superior Colliculus.
Non-canonical Wnt Signaling through Ryk Regulates the Generation of Somatostatin- and Parvalbumin-Expressing Cortical Interneurons.
Neurovascular Coupling in the Dentate Gyrus Regulates Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis.
LC3-Associated Endocytosis Facilitates beta-Amyloid Clearance and Mitigates Neurodegeneration in Murine Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Sleep and Circadian Medicine: Time of Day in the Neurologic Clinic.
Genetics of Circadian Rhythms.
Circadian Neurobiology and the Physiologic Regulation of Sleep and Wakefulness.
The isolation of thyroxine (T4), the discovery of 3,5,3 \' -triiodothyronine (T3), and the identification of the deiodinases that generate T3 from T4: An historical review.
Apoptosis regulation in the penumbra after ischemic stroke: expression of pro- and antiapoptotic proteins.
Feasibility of Three Novel Forms of Passive Exercise in a Multisensory Environment in Vulnerable Institutionalized Older Adults with Dementia.
TSPO Ligands Boost Mitochondrial Function and Pregnenolone Synthesis.
Cortisol, Amyloid-beta, and Reserve Predicts Alzheimer \' s Disease Progression for Cognitively Normal Older Adults.
Actin(g) on mitochondria - a role for cofilin1 in neuronal cell death pathways.
Spatial genome exploration in the context of cognitive and neurological disease.
Early life stress and the propensity to develop addictive behaviors.
Psychomotor retardation in depression: A critical measure of the forced swim test.
Thrombospondin-1 Mediates Axon Regeneration in Retinal Ganglion Cells.
Sexual Dysfunction and Reproductive Concerns in Young Men Diagnosed With Testicular Cancer: An Observational Study.
The influence of masseter and temporalis sarcomere length operating ranges as determined by laser diffraction on architectural estimates of muscle force and excursion in macaques (Macaca fascicularis and Macaca mulatta).
Early adversity, child neglect, and stress neurobiology: From observations of impact to empirical evaluations of mechanisms.
Advancing genetic and genomic technologies deepen the pool for discovery in Xenopus tropicalis.
Sleep Physiology, Circadian Rhythms, Waking Performance and the Development of Sleep-Wake Therapeutics.
Rats deficient in alpha-galactosidase A develop ocular manifestations of Fabry disease.
Generating viable mice with heritable embryonically lethal mutations using the CRISPR-Cas9 system in two-cell embryos.
Postnatal Increases in Axonal Conduction Velocity of an Identified Drosophila Interneuron Require Fast Sodium, L-Type Calcium and Shaker Potassium Channels.
Geoclimatology and sleep in Africa: A mini-review.
Regulation of the Blood-Brain Barrier by Circadian Rhythms and Sleep.
Mechanisms for the Approach/Avoidance Decision Applied to Autism.
Trained Macrophage Bioreactor for Penetrating Delivery of Fused Antitumor Protein.
Impact of vitamin D and vitamin D receptor TaqI polymorphism in primary human myoblasts.
ABAD/17beta-HSD10 reduction contributes to the protective mechanism of huperzine a on the cerebral mitochondrial function in APP/PS1 mice.
Monoacylglycerol lipase blockade impairs fine motor coordination and triggers cerebellar neuroinflammation through cyclooxygenase-2.
Melatonin alleviates asphyxial cardiac arrest-induced cerebellar Purkinje cell death by attenuation of oxidative stress.
PHBHHx Facilitated the Residence, Survival and Stemness Maintain of Transplanted Neural Stem Cells in Traumatic Brain Injury Rats.
Live Imaging of ESCRT Proteins in Microfluidically Isolated Hippocampal Axons.
Acetylcholine Release Inhibits Distinct Excitatory Inputs Onto Hippocampal CA1 Pyramidal Neurons via Different Cellular and Network Mechanisms.
Chronodisruption, Metabolic Homeostasis, and the Regulation of Inflammation in Adipose Tissues.
Galanin Protects Rat Cortical Astrocyte from Oxidative Stress: Involvement of GalR2 and pERK1/2 Signal Pathway.
Facilitation and inhibition of firing activity and N-methyl-D-aspartate-evoked responses of CA1 hippocampal pyramidal cells by alpha7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor selective compounds in vivo.
Task-dependent functional organizations of the visual ventral stream.
Circadian gene variants and the skeletal muscle circadian clock contribute to the evolutionary divergence in longevity across Drosophila populations.
Effects of GDNF-Transfected Marrow Stromal Cells on Rats with Intracerebral Hemorrhage.
Deep Sequencing of Somatosensory Neurons Reveals Molecular Determinants of Intrinsic Physiological Properties.
Mechanistic Understanding of Socioeconomic Disparities in Cardiovascular Disease.
Stress-Associated Neurobiological Pathway Linking Socioeconomic Disparities to Cardiovascular Disease.
Bimanual wheelchair propulsion by people with severe hemiparesis after stroke.
A New Strategy for Glioblastoma Treatment: In Vitro and In Vivo Preclinical Characterization of Si306, a Pyrazolo[3,4-d]Pyrimidine Dual Src/P-Glycoprotein Inhibitor.
Gabapentin alleviates chronic spontaneous pain and acute hypoxia-related pain in a mouse model of sickle cell disease.
Differences in age of diagnosis in familial multiple sclerosis.
Tracking Newly Released Synaptic Vesicle Proteins at Ribbon Active Zones.
Feedback loops in the major evolutionary transition to eusociality: the status and potential of theoretical approaches.
Vector cognition and neurobiology.
Noradrenergic dysfunction accelerates LPS-elicited inflammation-related ascending sequential neurodegeneration and deficits in non-motor/motor functions.
Alpha1-adrenergic receptor blockade in the ventral tegmental area modulates conditional stimulus-induced cocaine seeking.
Are preconceptional stressful experiences crucial elements for the aetiology of autism spectrum disorder? Insights from an animal model.
Neurobiology and therapeutic utility of neurotoxins targeting postsynaptic mechanisms of neuromuscular transmission.
The epileptic network and cognition: What functional connectivity is teaching us about the childhood epilepsies.
Nerves in Bone: Evolving Concepts in Pain and Anabolism.
"Introduction to the special issue on neuroethology": Correction to Simmons and Moss (2019).
Perineuronal Net Formation during the Critical Period for Neuronal Maturation in the Hypothalamic Arcuate Nucleus.
Growth- and stress-related defects associated with wall hypoacetylation are strigolactone-dependent.
Endophenotypes in Schizophrenia: Digging Deeper to Identify Genetic Mechanisms.
Progress update from the hippocampal subfields group.
Circadian enhancer profiling in diet-induced obese mice reveals a critical time window for lipid-lowering therapies.
The Glycosylation Site of Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein Affects Autoantibody Recognition in a Large Proportion of Patients.
A Novel Sex-Dependent Target for the Treatment of Postoperative Pain: The NLRP3 Inflammasome.
Transcranial Focused Ultrasound (tFUS) and Transcranial Unfocused Ultrasound (tUS) Neuromodulation: From Theoretical Principles to Stimulation Practices.
Early-Onset Molecular Derangements in the Olfactory Bulb of Tg2576 Mice: Novel Insights Into the Stress-Responsive Olfactory Kinase Dynamics in Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Sleep, Aging, and Cellular Health: Aged-Related Changes in Sleep and Protein Homeostasis Converge in Neurodegenerative Diseases.
A Visual Two-Choice Rule-Switch Task for Head-Fixed Mice.
Animal Models of PTSD: The Socially Isolated Mouse and the Biomarker Role of Allopregnanolone.
The Pre-synaptic Landscape of Mitral/Tufted Cells of the Main Olfactory Bulb.
MEA6 Deficiency Impairs Cerebellar Development and Motor Performance by Tethering Protein Trafficking.
A Rare Variant Which Interfered with Interleukin 15 Receptor alpha Signal Transduction Exists in Schizophrenia Patients.
Delusions and visual hallucinations in a patient with Parkinson \' s disease with dementia showing pronounced Lewy body pathology in the nucleus basalis of Meynert.
Secondary medical complications after traumatic spinal cord injury in Stockholm, Sweden: Towards developing prevention strategies.
Gene expression across mammalian organ development.
Defining accelerometer cut-points for different intensity levels in motor-complete spinal cord injury.
A shape-memory and spiral light-emitting device for precise multisite stimulation of nerve bundles.
