Case of type\xa02 diabetes possibly caused by excessive accumulation of visceral fat in a child born small-for-gestational age.
Differential response to hepatic differentiation stimuli of amniotic epithelial cells isolated from four regions of the amniotic membrane.
Emergence of oxygen- and pyridoxal phosphate-dependent reactions.
A Guide to Native Mass Spectrometry to determine complex interactomes of molecular machines.
Studying human and nonhuman primate evolutionary biology with powerful in vitro and in vivo functional genomics tools.
A multifunctional fusion peptide for tethering to hydroxyapatite and selective capture of bone morphogenetic protein from extracellular milieu.
Segregation of dispersed silica nanoparticles in microfluidic water in oil droplets : A kinetic study.
Engineering a human IgG2 antibody stable at low pH.
Mechanisms of negative membrane curvature sensing and generation by ESCRT III subunit Snf7.
Ab initio folding of a trefoil-fold motif reveals structural similarity with a β-propeller blade motif.
ClusPro in rounds 38 to 45 of CAPRI: Toward combining template-based methods with free docking.
Lack of multidrug-resistance associated protein 4 prolongs partial hepatectomy-induced hepatic steatosis.
Characteristic Features of FUS Inclusions in Spinal Motor Neurons of Sporadic Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Single cell transcriptome profiling of the human alcohol-dependent brain.
A novel homozygous mutation of phospholipase C zeta leading to defective human oocyte activation and fertilization failure.
Novel molecular aspects of the CRISPR backbone protein  \ \'  Cas7 \ \'   from cyanobacteria.
Bacterial genes outnumber archaeal genes in eukaryotic genomes.
SCLpred-EMS: subcellular localization prediction of endomembrane system and secretory pathway proteins by Deep N-to-1 Convolutional Neural Networks.
Self-reported Sleep Problems Related to Amyloid Deposition in Cortical Regions with High HOMER1 Gene Expression.
Complete mitochondrial genome of the Florida manatee (Trichechus manatus latirotris, Sirenia).
Evaluation of Bioactivities of Bovine Milk Osteopontin Using a Knockout Mouse Model.
Skeletal muscle disease in rheumatoid arthritis: the center of cardiometabolic comorbidities?
Androgen Suppresses Hyperosmolarity-Induced Inflammatory Mediators in Human Corneal Epithelial Cells.
Vascular elastic fiber heterogeneity in health and disease.
A Novel SS18-SSX Fusion-specific Antibody for the Diagnosis of Synovial Sarcoma.
ENDOCANNABINOIDS RECEPTORS MEDIATED CENTRAL AND PERIPHERAL EFFECTS (REVIEW).
[PROGNOSTIC VALUE OF BIOMARKERS OF MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS ACTIVITY].
THE PECULIARITIES OF CLINICAL COURSE OF ATOPIC DERMATITIS AND THE COMORBID CONDITIONS IN EARLY INFANCY.
Frizzled-2 small interfering RNA protects hepatic BRL-3A cells against Hypoxia / Reoxygenation via modulation of autophagy.
Serum resolvin D1 levels as a marker of inflammation in constipation dominant irritable bowel syndrome.
Mycoparasitism illuminated by genome and transcriptome sequencing of Coniothyrium minitans, an important biocontrol fungus of the plant pathogen Sc...
Dengue virus non-structural protein 1 activates the p38 MAPK pathway to decrease barrier integrity in primary human endothelial cells.
Graphene oxide nanoparticles induce hepatic dysfunction through the regulation of innate immune signaling in zebrafish (Danio rerio).
Ureaplasma species and preterm birth: current perspectives.
Influence of spore morphology on spectrophotometric quantification of Trichoderma inocula.
Mechanistic exploration of the activities of poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid)-loaded nanoparticles of betulinic acid against hepatocellular carcinoma ...
A method combining TA cloning and fluorescence screening for rapid acquisition of transgenic seeds.
Electron-Electron Dipolar Interaction Poses a Challenge to the Radical Pair Mechanism of Magnetoreception.
Disassembly Intermediates of the Brome Mosaic Virus Identified by Charge Detection Mass Spectrometry.
Improving Peptide Fragmentation for Hydrogen-Deuterium Exchange Mass Spectrometry Using a Time-Dependent Collision Energy Calculator.
Incorporation of the Nonproteinogenic Amino Acid β-Methylamino-alanine Affects Amyloid β Fibril Properties and Toxicity.
Detection of prions in skin punch biopsies of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease patients.
Treatment of diabetic retinopathy through neuropeptide Y-mediated enhancement of neurovascular microenvironment.
Pregnancy-associated venous insufficiency course with placental and systemic oxidative stress.
Absence of Atg7 in the liver disturbed hepatic regeneration after liver injury.
Absence of Bsep/Abcb11 attenuates MCD diet-induced hepatic steatosis but aggravates inflammation in mice.
Antibiotic tigecycline inhibits cell proliferation, migration and invasion via down-regulating CCNE2 in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
FAM46C controls antibody production by the polyadenylation of immunoglobulin mRNAs and inhibits cell migration in multiple myeloma.
Aedes aegypti lachesin protein binds to the domain III of envelop protein of Dengue virus-2 and inhibits viral replication.
Risk factors of sepsis following pancreaticoduodenectomy based on inflammation markers and clinical characteristics.
Antiproliferative Evaluation of Some 2-[2-(2-Phenylethenyl)-cyclopent-3-en-1-yl]-1,3-benzothiazoles: DFT and Molecular Docking Study.
Xuehai Yan.
ADAMTSL6β promotes fibrillin-1 microfibril assembly, which is possibly mediated via binding through the third thrombospondin type I domain to fibri...
Efficient genome editing in the olive fruit fly, Bactrocera oleae.
Skullcapflavone I has a potent anti-pancreatic cancer activity by targeting miR-23a.
Identification of two CUL7 variants in two Chinese families with 3-M syndrome by whole-exome sequencing.
Lycium barbarum polysaccharide protects against ethanol-induced spermiotoxicity and testicular degeneration in Immp2l+/- mice.
Increased IgA anti-citrullinated protein antibodies in the periodontal inflammatory exudate of healthy individuals compared to rheumatoid arthritis...
Performance comparison of EasyFix G26 and HYDRASYS 2 SCAN for the detection of serum monoclonal proteins.
Optimising adjacent membrane segmentation and parameterisation in multi-cellular aggregates by piecewise active contours.
Blue light induces major changes in the gene expression profile of the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803.
MiR-20a ameliorates diabetic angiopathy in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats by regulating intracellular antioxidant enzymes and VEGF.
Dietary arachidonic acid improves age-related excessive enhancement of the stress response.
The role of quinazoline in ameliorating intervertebral disc degeneration by inhibiting oxidative stress and anti-inflammation via NF-κB/MAPKs signa...
MiRNA-1297 inhibits myocardial fibrosis by targeting ULK1.
Effect of hydrogen sulfide on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in rats with myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury via the JNK signaling pathway.
Effect of imatinib on DOCA-induced myocardial fibrosis in rats through P38 MAPK signaling pathway.
Effect of miR-223 on thrombophlebitis rats through regulating Toll-like receptor signaling pathway.
COVID-19 (Novel Coronavirus 2019) - recent trends.
MiR-135a regulates renal fibrosis in rats with diabetic kidney disease through the Notch pathway.
The potential mechanism of INHBC and CSF1R in diabetic nephropathy.
LncRNA ANRIL regulates cell proliferation and migration via sponging miR-339-5p and regulating FRS2 expression in atherosclerosis.
HSF1 promotes the viability of islet β-cells via upregulating SIRPα expression.
MicroRNA-29b promotes cell sensitivity to Temozolomide by targeting STAT3 in glioma.
Up-regulation of SNHG15 facilitates cell proliferation, migration, invasion and suppresses cell apoptosis in breast cancer by regulating miR-411-5p...
Circular RNA hsa_circ_0008039 promotes proliferation, migration and invasion of breast cancer cells through upregulating CBX4 via sponging miR-515-5p.
Identification of lung adenocarcinoma-specific exosome RNAs in peripheral blood by RNA-Seq analysis.
LncRNA ASB16-AS1 promotes proliferation and inhibits apoptosis of non small cell lung cancer cells by activating the Wnt/β catenin signaling pathway.
Circular RNA_LARP4 inhibits the progression of non-small-cell lung cancer by regulating the expression of SMAD7.
Long non-coding RNA MALAT1 regulates proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion via miR-374b-5p/SRSF7 axis in non-small cell lung cancer.
Circular RNA hsa_circ_0012673 facilitates lung cancer cell proliferation and invasion via miR-320a/LIMK18521 axis.
TM4SF1 facilitates non-small cell lung cancer progression through regulating YAP-TEAD pathway.
LINC01116 promotes the proliferation and inhibits the apoptosis of gastric cancer cells.
Metabolites of intestinal microflora upregulate miR-192-5p to suppress proliferation of colon cancer cells via RhoA-ROCK-LIMK2 pathway.
Downregulated LINC00628 aggravates the progression of colorectal cancer via inhibiting p57 level.
CircDDX17 reduces 5-fluorouracil resistance and hinders tumorigenesis in colorectal cancer by regulating miR-31-5p/KANK1 axis.
Circular RNA circ-SMAD7 is downregulated in colorectal cancer and suppresses tumor metastasis by regulating epithelial mesenchymal transition.
Circ_0009910 promotes proliferation and metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma cells through miR-335-5p/ROCK1 axis.
PKCα and Netrin-1/UNC5B positive feedback control in relation with chemical therapy in bladder cancer.
Clinical significance of SLP-2 in epithelial ovarian cancer and its regulatory effect on the Notch signaling pathway.
Targeting EZH2 by microRNA-449a inhibits osteosarcoma cell proliferation, invasion and migration via regulation of PI3K/AKT signaling pathway and e...
Synovial mesenchymal stem cells effectively alleviate osteoarthritis through promoting the proliferation and differentiation of meniscus chondrocytes.
PTH promotes rabbit tibial fracture healing via the Notch signaling pathway.
Effect of miR-26b on gestational diabetes mellitus in rats via PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
DHA inhibits Gremlin-1-induced epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition via ERK suppression in human breast cancer cells.
Chromosome-level genome assembly and annotation of the loquat (Eriobotrya japonica) genome.
Association between MGMT status and response to alkylating agents in patients with neuroendocrine neoplasms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Essential Role of Syntaxin-Binding Protein-1 in the Regulation of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Secretion.
Loss of core fucosylation in both ST6GAL1 and its substrate enhances glycoprotein sialylation in mice.
Structural insights into the mechanism of oxidative activation of heme-free H-NOX from Vibrio cholerae.
Inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase 3β improves cognitive function in aged mice by upregulating claudin presences in cerebral endothelial cells.
Cooperation and interplay between base and nucleotide excision repair pathways: From DNA lesions to proteins.
Achieving multiple hydrogen/deuterium exchange timepoints of carbohydrate hydroxyls using theta-electrospray emitters.
Self-responsive co-delivery system for remodeling tumor intracellular microenvironment to promote PTEN-mediated anti-tumor therapy.
5-Heptadecylresorcinol attenuates oxidative damage and mitochondria-mediated apoptosis through activation of the SIRT3/FOXO3a signaling pathway in ...
Isoliquiritigenin exerts antioxidative and anti-inflammatory effects via activating the KEAP-1/Nrf2 pathway and inhibiting the NF-κB and NLRP3 path...
Identification of a novel autoantibody against heat shock factor 1 in idiopathic inflammatory myopathy.
Long non-coding RNA growth arrest-specific transcript 5 regulates rheumatoid arthritis by targeting homeodomain-interacting protein kinase 2.
Ultrasound shoulder assessment of calcium pyrophosphate disease with suspected polymyalgia rheumatica.
Synthesis, Molecular Docking and Biological Evaluation of Novel Flavone Derivatives as Potential Anticancer Agents Targeting Akt.
Synthesis and structure-activity relationship of aminoarylthiazole derivatives as potential potentiators of the chloride transport defect in cystic...
Antioxidant Proteins Identification Based on Support Vector Machine.
The Role of Ubiquitin E3 Ligase in Atherosclerosis.
Discovery of potential inhibitors for phosphodiesterase 5A, sodium-potassium pump and beta-adrenergic receptor from Terminalia arjuna: in silico ap...
Evaluation of potential drugs against leishmaniasis targeting catalytic subunit of Leishmania donovani nuclear DNA primase using ligand based virtu...
Impact of glioblastoma multiforme associated mutations on the structure and function of MAP/microtubule affinity regulating kinase 4.
A study on the effects of inhibition mechanism of curcumin, quercetin, and resveratrol on human glutathione reductase through in vitro and in silic...
Nbr1-regulated autophagy in Lactoferrin-induced osteoblastic differentiation.
Exogenous application of harpin protein Hpa1 onto Pinellia ternata induces systemic resistance against tobacco mosaic virus.
Salt-tolerant and -sensitive seedlings exhibit noteworthy differences in lipolytic events in response to salt stress.
A non-conserved p33 protein of Citrus tristeza virus interacts with multiple viral partners.
Peroxiredoxin 2 deficiency does not affect insulin resistance and oxidative stress in high-fat diet-fed obese mice.
Thermodynamics of Transition Metal Ion Binding to Proteins.
Tryp-N: A Thermostable Protease for the Production of N-terminal Argininyl and Lysinyl Peptides.
[Analysis of myocardial injury in patients with COVID-19 and association between concomitant cardiovascular diseases and severity of COVID-19].
Whey protein isolate or concentrate combined with concurrent training does not augment performance, cardiorespiratory fitness, or strength adaptati...
A Prospective Observation of Psychological Distress in Patients With Anaphylaxis.
Expression profiles of the MXD3 gene and association of sequence variants with growth traits in Xianan and Qinchuan cattle.
Bioactive peptides attenuate cardiac apoptosis in spontaneously hypertensive rat hearts through activation of autophagy and mitochondrial biogenesi...
Tracking Drug-Induced Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition in Breast Cancer by a Microfluidic Surface-Enhanced Raman Spectroscopy Immunoassay.
Herpes zoster granulomatous dermatitis in metastatic lung cancer treated with nivolumab: A case report.
SIRT2-dependent IDH1 deacetylation inhibits colorectal cancer and liver metastases.
Mitochondrial Ribosomal Protein S9M is Involved in Male Gametogenesis and Seed Development in Arabidopsis.
Mcl1 protein levels and Caspase-7 executioner protease control axial organizer cells survival.
Isolation and characterization of a new MATE gene located in the same chromosome arm of the aluminium tolerance (Alt1) rye locus.
Single-Molecule Manipulation in Zero-Mode Waveguides.
Quantification of exercise-regulated ubiquitin signaling in human skeletal muscle identifies protein modification cross talk via NEDDylation.
Deletion of hypoxia-responsive microRNA-210 results in a sex-specific decrease in nephron number.
Protein S-glutathionylation stimulate adipogenesis by stabilizing C/EBPβ in 3T3L1 cells.
An in-vitro mechanical strain three-dimensional culture model: periodontal ligament cell viability, apoptosis, and endoplasmic reticulum stress res...
Serum biochemistry of the Arrau turtle (Podocnemis expansa): Frozen analyte stability and the effects of long-term storage.
Dibutyltin alters immune cell production of the pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL) 1β and IL-6: role of mitogen-activated protein kinases ...
PTPN14, a target gene of miR-4295, restricts the growth and invasion of osteosarcoma cells through inactivation of YAP1 signalling.
Retinoic acid-loading of the major birch pollen allergen Bet v 1 may improve specific allergen immunotherapy: in silico, in vitro and in vivo data ...
Melatonin and oxidative stress in melasma - an unexplored territory; a prospective study.
Increased osteopontin expression in endometrial carcinoma is associated with better survival outcome.
The dual reno- and neuro-protective effects of dimethyl fumarate against uremic encephalopathy in a renal ischemia/reperfusion model.
Curcumin augments therapeutic efficacy of TRAIL-based immunotoxins in leukemia.
Appraisal of disease-modifying potential of amlodipine as an anti-arthritic agent: new indication for an old drug.
Apixaban exhibits anti-arthritic effects by inhibiting activated factor X-mediated JAK2/STAT3 and MAPK phosphorylation pathways.
Reward Sensitivity, Cognitive Response Style, and Inflammatory Response to an Acute Stressor in Adolescents.
Isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation (iTRAQ)-based proteomic analysis of mRNA splicing relevant proteins in aging HSPCs.
Oxidative stress, biochemical, lipid peroxidation, and antioxidant responses in Clarias gariepinus exposed to acute concentrations of ivermectin.
Acute rejection after liver transplantation is less common, but predicts better prognosis in HBV-related hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
Improved Methods for Preparing the Telomere Tethering Complex Bqt1-Bqt2 for Structural Studies.
The emerging predictive role of C-reactive protein after ventral hernia repair with mesh.
Comment on "Serum C-reactive protein level after ventral hernia repair with mesh reinforcement can predict infectious complications: a retrospectiv...
Biological barriers, and the influence of protein binding on the passage of drugs across them.
Enhancing glutaric acid production in Escherichia coli by uptake of malonic acid.
Morin Protects LPS-Induced Mastitis via Inhibiting NLRP3 Inflammasome and NF-κB Signaling Pathways.
Genome-wide DNA Methylation Analysis of Mantle Edge and Mantle Central from Pearl Oyster Pinctada fucata martensii.
Indeterminate Domain Proteins Regulate Rice Defense to Sheath Blight Disease.
Gold nanoparticles enhance immune responses in mice against recombinant classical swine fever virus E2 protein.
Development of a sensitive monoclonal antibody-based sandwich ELISA to detect Vip3Aa in genetically modified crops.
Phosphate-sensing and regulatory mechanism of FGF23 production.
Complete genome sequence and analysis of a novel lymphocystivirus detected in whitemouth croaker (Micropogonias furnieri): lymphocystis disease vir...
A novel deep-sea bacteriophage possesses features of Wbeta-like viruses and prophages.
Pachymic acid protects against cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury by the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Genome-wide identification of the NPR1-like gene family in Brassica napus and functional characterization of BnaNPR1 in resistance to Sclerotinia s...
Crystal structures of human NSDHL and development of its novel inhibitor with the potential to suppress EGFR activity.
PX Domain-Containing Kinesin KIF16B and Microtubule-Dependent Intracellular Movements.
Pregnant rats exposed to low-level methylmercury exhibit cerebellar synaptic and neuritic remodeling during the perinatal period.
High-sensitivity detection of therapeutic drugs in complex biofluids using a packed ballpoint-electrospray ionization technique.
Inflammation triggered by saturated fat ingestion is linked to insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism in PCOS.
Capturing RNA-protein interaction via CRUIS.
Successful field performance in dry-warm environments of soybean expressing the sunflower transcription factor HaHB4.
Protein Requirements of Elderly Chinese Adults Are Higher than Current Recommendations.
Wnt/β-catenin signaling as an emerging potential key pharmacological target in cholangiocarcinoma.
Vitamin D status and cardiometabolic risk markers in young Swedish children: a double-blind randomized clinical trial comparing different doses of ...
Rapid evaluation of gold nanoparticle-lipid membrane interactions using a lipid/polydiacetylene vesicle sensor.
Revealing the redox status in endoplasmic reticulum by a selenium fluorescence probe.
The relationship between inflammatory dietary pattern in childhood and depression in early adulthood.
Duplication of clostridial binding domains for enhanced macromolecular delivery into neurons.
Incorporation of a novel leguminous ingredient into savoury biscuits reduces their starch digestibility: Implications for lowering the Glycaemic In...
Circulating levels of soluble urokinase plasminogen activator receptor predict outcome after resection of biliary tract cancer.
Association of sulfur amino acid consumption with cardiometabolic risk factors: Cross-sectional findings from NHANES III.
Pirfenidone Is an Agonistic Ligand for PPARα and Improves NASH by Activation of SIRT1/LKB1/pAMPK.
The Transcription Factor Promyelocytic Leukemia Zinc Finger Protein Is Associated With Expression of Liver-Homing Receptors on Human Blood CD56brig...
mTOR pathway somatic variants and the molecular pathogenesis of hemimegalencephaly.
Biochemical assessment of patients following ketogenic diets for epilepsy: Current practice in the UK and Ireland.
The antiepileptic effect of Gastrodiae Rhizoma through modulating overexpression of mTOR and attenuating astrogliosis in pilocarpine mice model.
Systematic review of ketogenic diet use in adult patients with status epilepticus.
Genome-wide identification and characterization of the lateral organ boundaries domain gene family in Brassica rapa var. rapa.
Clonal Hematopoiesis: A\xa0New\xa0Step\xa0Linking Inflammation to\xa0Heart\xa0Failure.
SGLT2 Inhibitor-Induced Sympathoinhibition: A Novel Mechanism for Cardiorenal Protection.
Bilateral interstitial keratitis, erythema nodosum and atrial fibrillation as presenting signs of polyarteritis nodosa.
Neuron-specific knockdown of solute carrier protein SLC25A46a induces locomotive defects, an abnormal neuron terminal morphology, learning disabili...
Modelling the vigour of maize seeds submitted to artificial accelerated ageing based on ATR-FTIR data and chemometric tools (PCA, HCA and PLS-DA).
Circulating S100A8/A9 is potentially a biomarker that could reflect the severity of experimental colitis in rats.
Self assembled arjunolic acid acts as a smart weapon against cancer through TNF- α mediated ROS generation.
Babylonia spirata (Linnaeus, 1758) on biochemical and nutritional composition levels are altered by Aeromonas hydrophila infection.
Synergic effects of exercise training and octopamine on peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator -1a and uncoupling protein 1 m...
Etosis, rather than apoptosis or cell proliferation, typifies thrombus progression - An immunohistochemical study of coronary aspirates.
AMBER parameters and topology data of 2-pentylpyrrole adduct of arginine with 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal.
The Integrated Transcriptome Bioinformatics Analysis Identifies Key Genes and Cellular Components for Spinal Cord Injury-Related Neuropathic Pain.
Cost analysis based on bioreactor cultivation conditions: Production of a soluble recombinant protein using Escherichia coli BL21(DE3).
Amyloid-specific extraction using organic solvents.
Olive oil with high polyphenolic content induces both beneficial and harmful alterations on rat redox status depending on the tissue.
Successful treatment of relapsed enterococcal endocarditis with amoxicillin/clavulanate: A case report.
Targeting peptide-decorated biomimetic lipoproteins improve deep penetration and cancer cells accessibility in solid tumor.
Novel small molecule retrograde transport blocker confers post-exposure protection against ricin intoxication.
Probiotics modulate the microbiota-gut-brain axis and improve memory deficits in aged SAMP8 mice.
Benzydamine inhibits osteoclast differentiation and bone resorption via down-regulation of interleukin-1 β expression.
Protective role of berberine on ulcerative colitis through modulating enteric glial cells-intestinal epithelial cells-immune cells interactions.
Repurposing antimycotic ciclopirox olamine as a promising anti-ischemic stroke agent.
Disturbed Yin-Yang balance: stress increases the susceptibility to primary and recurrent infections of herpes simplex virus type 1.
Identification of the key genes involved in the regulation of symbiotic pathways induced by Metarhizium anisopliae in peanut (Arachis hypogaea) roots.
miRNA125b Downregulation: A Review of the Novel Paradigm of Psoriasis Epigenetic Regulation.
Associations and Outcomes Between Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy and Vasculitis in Adult Patients.
Gastric Cardia Adenocarcinoma with Metastasis to the Scalp: A Case Report.
Investigation of the Sensitivity and Specificity of Laboratory Tests Used in Differential Diagnosis of Childhood Brucellosis.
Clinician Beware, Giant Ovarian Cysts are Elusive and Rare.
SERPINA1 gene identified in RNA-Seq showed strong association with milk protein concentration in Chinese Holstein cows.
Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein as Biomarker Indicates Purity and Property of Auricular Chondrocytes.
The Challenge of Diagnosing SAVI: Case Studies.
A Case of Anaphylaxis to Measles Vaccination in an Infant with Cow \ \'  s Milk Allergy.
Analysis of Tau Protein Expression in Predicting Pathological Complete Response to Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Different Molecular Subtypes of Brea...
Downregulation of N-myc and STAT Interactor Protein Predicts Aggressive Tumor Behavior and Poor Prognosis in Invasive Ductal Carcinoma.
Protocatechuic Aldehyde Represses Proliferation and Migration of Breast Cancer Cells through Targeting C-terminal Binding Protein 1.
Predicting the Benefit of Adjuvant Aromatase Inhibitor Therapy in Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Patients with Phosphorylated S6K1 Expression Status.
SIRT3-mediated inhibition of FOS through histone H3 deacetylation prevents cardiac fibrosis and inflammation.
The role of ubiquitination in tumorigenesis and targeted drug discovery.
The special considerations of gene therapy for mitochondrial diseases.
UGT74AF3 enzymes specifically catalyze the glucosylation of 4-hydroxy-2,5-dimethylfuran-3(2H)-one, an important volatile compound in Camellia sinen...
MdATG18a overexpression improves basal thermotolerance in transgenic apple by decreasing damage to chloroplasts.
Autoantigens in the trabecular meshwork and glaucoma-specific alterations in the natural autoantibody repertoire.
Dietary garcinol supplementation improves diarrhea and intestinal barrier function associated with its modulation of gut microbiota in weaned piglets.
Exploring the computational methods for protein-ligand binding site prediction.
Label-free quantitative identification of abnormally ubiquitinated proteins as useful biomarkers for human lung squamous cell carcinomas.
Pharmacodynamic material basis of traditional Chinese medicine based on biomacromolecules: a review.
Discovery of the Genomic Region and Candidate Genes of the Scarlet Red Flesh Color (Yscr ) Locus in Watermelon (Citrullus Lanatus L.).
Screening of Secreted Proteins of Sporisorium reilianum f. sp. zeae for Cell Death Suppression in Nicotiana benthamiana.
Alternative Splicing and DNA Damage Response in Plants.
The FACT Histone Chaperone: Tuning Gene Transcription in the Chromatin Context to Modulate Plant Growth and Development.
The Role and Regulatory Mechanism of Hippo Signaling Components in the Neuronal System.
A Thermo-Active Laccase Isoenzyme From Trametes trogii and Its Potential for Dye Decolorization at High Temperature.
In silico Prediction of Protein-Protein Interaction Network Induced by Manganese II in Meyerozyma guilliermondii.
DNA Sensors \ \'   Signaling in NK Cells During HHV-6A, HHV-6B and HHV-7 Infection.
The Streptomyces coelicolor Small ORF trpM Stimulates Growth and Morphological Development and Exerts Opposite Effects on Actinorhodin and Calcium-...
Molecular Characterization of Staphylococcus aureus Plasmids Associated With Strains Isolated From Various Retail Meats.
Comparative Proteomics of Extended-Spectrum Cephalosporin-Resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae Isolates Demonstrates Altered Protein Synthesis, Metaboli...
Palmitoylation: A Fatty Regulator of Myocardial Electrophysiology.
Hydrogen-Deuterium Exchange Mass-Spectrometry of Secondary Active Transporters: From Structural Dynamics to Molecular Mechanisms.
Deferoxamine Treatment Combined With Sevoflurane Postconditioning Attenuates Myocardial Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury by Restoring HIF-1/BNIP3-Mediat...
Multiple trauma including pelvic fracture with multiple arterial embolization: an autopsy case report.
Long non-coding RNA FER1L4 inhibits prostate cancer progression via sponging miR-92a-3p and upregulation of FBXW7.
ROBO4 deletion ameliorates PAF-mediated skin inflammation via regulating the mRNA translation efficiency of LPCAT1/LPCAT2 and the expression of PAF...
Small molecule NSC1892 targets the CUL4A/4B-DDB1 interactions and causes impairment of CRL4DCAF4 E3 ligases to inhibit colorectal cancer cell growth.
DNA methylation is involved in the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis by regulating CtBP expression and CtBP-mediated signaling.
Crystal Structures of Human C4.4A Reveal the Unique Association of Ly6/uPAR/α-neurotoxin Domain.
Vitamin A deficiency causes islet dysfunction by inducing islet stellate cell activation via cellular retinol binding protein 1.
MicroRNA-148b enhances the radiosensitivity of B-cell lymphoma cells by targeting Bcl-w to promote apoptosis.
Exosomes Transmit Viral Genetic Information and Immune Signals may cause Immunosuppression and Immune Tolerance in ALV-J Infected HD11 cells.
Association between interstitial cells of Cajal and anti-vinculin antibody in human stomach.
Eupatilin downregulates phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate-induced MUC5AC expression via inhibition of p38/ERK/JNK MAPKs signal pathway in human airwa...
Inhibition of melanogenesis by sodium 2-mercaptoethanesulfonate.
Lovastatin derivative dehydrolovastatin ameliorates ulcerative colitis in mice by suppressing NF-κB and inflammatory cytokine expression.
Connecting the dots between SHP2 and glutamate receptors.
Monitoring protein communities and their responses to therapeutics.
Selective targeting of ubiquitination and degradation of PARP1 by E3 ubiquitin ligase WWP2 regulates isoproterenol-induced cardiac remodeling.
BRUCE preserves genomic stability in the male germline of mice.
SGK1 mediates the hypotonic protective effect against H2O2-induced apoptosis of rat basilar artery smooth muscle cells by inhibiting the FOXO3a/Bim...
Author Correction: Using GlycoDelete to produce proteins lacking plant-specific N-glycan modification in seeds.
Induction of secondary metabolite production by hygromycin B and identification of the 1233A biosynthetic gene cluster with a self-resistance gene.
Androgen receptor variant-driven prostate cancer II: advances in laboratory investigations.
Lipogenic signalling modulates prostate cancer cell adhesion and migration via modification of Rho GTPases.
The proprotein convertase furin is a pro-oncogenic driver in KRAS and BRAF driven colorectal cancer.
Hippocampal TNF-death receptors, caspase cell death cascades, and IL-8 in alcohol use disorder.
Cellular metabolic activity marker via selective turn-ON detection of transporter protein using nitrobenzoxadiazole-based fluorescent reporter.
The mitochondrial inner membrane protein LETM1 modulates cristae organization through its LETM domain.
Gene expression variation in the brains of harvester ant foragers is associated with collective behavior.
Author Correction: A recombinant avian paramyxovirus serotype 3 expressing the hemagglutinin protein protects chickens against H5N1 highly pathogen...
Characterization of tomato protein kinases embedding guanylate cyclase catalytic center motif.
The evolution of zebrafish RAG2 protein is required for adapting to the elevated body temperature of the higher endothermic vertebrates.
Assembly of platforms for signal transduction in the new era: dimerization, helical filament assembly, and beyond.
Cannabidiol is an effective helper compound in combination with bacitracin to kill Gram-positive bacteria.
Cryptochromes modulate E2F family transcription factors.
Photoinduced damage of AsLOV2 domain is accompanied by increased singlet oxygen production due to flavin dissociation.
Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis GCL2505 modulates host energy metabolism via the short-chain fatty acid receptor GPR43.
A quiescent state following mild sensory arousal in Caenorhabditis elegans is potentiated by stress.
Human glutaredoxin-1 can transfer copper to isolated metal binding domains of the P1B-type ATPase, ATP7B.
Immunization with DNA prime-subunit protein boost strategy based on influenza H9N2 virus conserved matrix protein M1 and its epitope screening.
Trem2 Splicing and Expression are Preserved in a Human Aβ-producing, Rat Knock-in Model of Trem2-R47H Alzheimer \ \'  s Risk Variant.
Role of prelimbic cortex PKC and PKMζ in fear memory reconsolidation and persistence following reactivation.
Genome-wide transcriptome and physiological analyses provide new insights into peanut drought response mechanisms.
TRPC6-dependent Ca2+ signaling mediates airway inflammation in response to oxidative stress via ERK pathway.
Depletion of ID3 enhances mesenchymal stem cells therapy by targeting BMP4 in Sjögren \ \'  s syndrome.
Long Non-Coding RNA Taurine Upregulated Gene 1 (TUG1) Downregulation Constrains Cell Proliferation and Invasion through Regulating Cell Division Cy...
SIRT3 inhibits cardiac hypertrophy by regulating PARP-1 activity.
Acetate attenuates perioperative neurocognitive disorders in aged mice.
Peritoneal metastatic gastric carcinoma cells exhibit more malignant behavior when co-cultured with HMrSV5 cells.
A photosynthetic antenna complex foregoes unity carotenoid-to-bacteriochlorophyll energy transfer efficiency to ensure photoprotection.
Combined and sequential non-invasive approach to diagnosing non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and pe...
Glucagon receptor antagonist upregulates circulating GLP-1 level by promoting intestinal L-cell proliferation and GLP-1 production in type 2 diabetes.
Claudin-5 Redistribution Induced by Inflammation Leads to Anti-VEGF Resistant Diabetic Macular Edema.
MG53 does not manifest the development of diabetes in db/db mice.
Mechanistic Target of Rapamycin Regulates the Oligodendrocyte Cytoskeleton during Myelination.
Draft Genome Sequences of Four Saccharibacter sp. Strains Isolated from Native Bees.
Complete Genome Sequence of Escherichia coli BL21-AI.
Complete Genome Sequence of Burkholderia sp. Strain THE68, a Bacterial Symbiont Isolated from Midgut Crypts of the Seed Bug Togo hemipterus.
PE/PPE proteins mediate nutrient transport across the outer membrane of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Pervasive functional translation of noncanonical human open reading frames.
Microenvironment mapping via Dexter energy transfer on immune cells.
An atlas of the protein-coding genes in the human, pig, and mouse brain.
Spatially remote motifs cooperatively affect substrate preference of a ruminal GH26-type endo-β-1,4-mannanase.
The dynein light chain 8 (LC8) binds "in-register" to multivalent intrinsically disordered partners.
RPTPα phosphatase activity is allosterically regulated by the membrane-distal catalytic domain.
The balance of protein farnesylation and geranylgeranylation during the progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Increased dystrophin production with golodirsen in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Impact of preterm birth on brain development and long-term outcome: protocol for a cohort study in Scotland.
The calcium sensor CBL2 and its interacting kinase CIPK6 are involved in plant sugar homeostasis via interacting with tonoplast sugar transporter T...
N-terminal acetylation stabilizes SIGMA FACTOR BINDING PROTEIN 1 involved in salicylic acid-primed cell death.
Re-Imagining Cystic Fibrosis Care: Next Generation Thinking.
Genomic and serologic characterization of enterovirus A71 brainstem encephalitis.
The adrenergic-induced ERK3 pathway drives lipolysis and suppresses energy dissipation.
Loss of an H3K9me anchor rescues laminopathy-linked changes in nuclear organization and muscle function in an Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy model.
PARP inhibition enhances radiotherapy of SMAD4 deficient human head and neck squamous cell carcinomas in experimental models.
Single cell force profiling of human myofibroblasts reveals a biophysical spectrum of cell states.
MACF1 promotes preosteoblast migration by mediating focal adhesion turnover through EB1.
Methylated Vnn1 at promoter regions induces asthma occurrence via the PI3K/Akt/NFκB-mediated inflammation in the IUGR mice.
Severe asthma due to occupational exposure to Guar Gum: is Lipid Transfer Protein involved?
Benefits of exercise and immunotherapy in a murine model of human non-small-cell lung carcinoma.
Key viral immune genes and pathways identify elite athletes with URS.
Elevating body termperature to reduce low-grade inflammation: a welcome strategy for those unable to exercise?
Sialoglycans and Siglecs Can Shape the Tumor Immune Microenvironment.
Deubiquitinases: Pro-oncogenic Activity and Therapeutic Targeting in Blood Malignancies.
Oral immunization of mice with a multivalent therapeutic subunit vaccine protects against Helicobacter pylori infection.
Microtubule-associated protein tau (MAPT) is a promising independent prognostic marker and tumor suppressive protein in clear cell renal cell carci...
An Immunofluorescence Study to Analyze Wound Healing Outcomes of Regenerative Endodontics in an Immature Premolar with Chronic Apical Abscess.
LncRNA TMPO-AS1 up-regulates the expression of HIF-1α and promotes the malignant phenotypes of retinoblastoma cells via sponging miR-199a-5p.
PP4C facilitates lung cancer proliferation and inhibits apoptosis via activating MAPK/ERK pathway.
Different spexin level in obese vs normal weight children and its relationship with obesity related risk factors.
Polyphasic analysis reveals correlation between phenotypic and genotypic analysis in soybean bradyrhizobia (Bradyrhizobium spp.).
Gut microbiota, endotoxemia, inflammation, and oxidative stress in patients with heart failure, left ventricular assist device, and transplant.
Palmatine alleviates hyperalgesia by inhibiting the expression of calcitonin gene-related peptide in the trigeminal ganglion of rats with chronic c...
Human proteins incorporated into tick-borne encephalitis virus revealed by in situ proximity ligation.
GGNBP1 ensures proper spermiogenesis in response to stress in mice.
AFF4 enhances odontogenic differentiation of human dental pulp cells.
ZEB1 modulates endometrial receptivity through epithelial-mesenchymal transition in endometrial epithelial cells in\xa0vitro.
Functional homo- and heterodimeric actin capping proteins from the malaria parasite.
Systemic Klotho therapy protects against insulitis and enhances beta-cell mass in NOD mice.
Moyamoya disease patient mutations in the RING domain of RNF213 reduce its ubiquitin ligase activity and enhance NFκB activation and apoptosis in a...
MLL2 regulates glucocorticoid receptor-mediated transcription of ENACα in human retinal pigment epithelial cells.
Remission in Axial Spondyloarthritis: Developing a Consensus Definition.
Metabolome and microbiome alterations related to short-term feeding of a micronutrient-fortified, high-quality legume protein-based food product to...
CpG Oligodeoxynucleotides Induces Apoptosis of Human Bladder Cancer Cells via Caspase-3-Bax/Bcl-2-p53 Axis.
Tubule-derived exosomes play a central role in fibroblast activation and kidney fibrosis.
Tracking of low disease burden in multiple myeloma: Using mass spectrometry assays in peripheral blood.
Comparative genomics of Lactobacillus fermentum suggests a free-living lifestyle of this lactic acid bacterial species.
Effect of endogenous CO2 overpressure on the yeast "stressome" during the "prise de mousse" of sparkling wine.
Proteomic study of Enterococcus durans LAB18S growing on prebiotic oligosaccharides.
V2 vasopressin receptor mutations.
Amyloid-like aggregation of provasopressin.
Molecular aspects of aquaporins.
Vasopressin inactivation: Role of insulin-regulated aminopeptidase.
Vasotocin and the origins of the vasopressin/oxytocin receptor gene family.
Preface: Endoplasmic reticulum in health and disease.
Type I interferons and endoplasmic reticulum stress in health and disease.
Emerging roles of the unfolded protein response (UPR) in the nervous system: A link with adaptive behavior to environmental stress?
Targeting endoplasmic reticulum stress and autophagy as therapeutic approaches for neurological diseases.
Sarcoplasmic reticulum and calcium signaling in muscle cells: Homeostasis and disease.
The role of mitochondria-associated membranes in cellular homeostasis and diseases.
Oral Administration of 99mTechnetium-Labeled Heparin in Eosinophilic Esophagitis.
Overexpression and Mutation of p53 Exons 4-8 in Canine Intestinal Adenocarcinoma.
Brain Tissue Pulmonary Embolism Due to Severe Blunt Force Head Trauma in a Dog.
[Monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance].
EIF5A2 is highly expressed in anaplastic thyroid carcinoma and is associated with tumor growth by modulating TGF-β signals.
Characterization of the immunomodulatory properties of alveolar bone-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
Meta-analysis of human prefrontal cortex reveals activation of GFAP and decline of synaptic transmission in the aging brain.
Effect of apo-lactoferrin on leukotoxin and outer membrane vesicles of Mannheimia haemolytica A2.
WhatsGNU: a tool for identifying proteomic novelty.
Long non-coding RNA HUMT hypomethylation promotes lymphangiogenesis and metastasis via activating FOXK1 transcription in triple-negative breast can...
Developmental nicotine exposure engenders intergenerational downregulation and aberrant posttranslational modification of cardinal epigenetic facto...
P-selectin blockade ameliorates lupus nephritis in MRL/lpr mice through improving renal hypoxia and evaluation using BOLD-MRI.
Escherichia coli σ70 promoters allow expression rate control at the cellular level in genome-integrated expression systems.
Suitability of MDA, 8-OHdG and wild-type p53 as genotoxic biomarkers in metal (Co, Ni and Cr) exposed dental technicians: a cross-sectional study.
Ménétrier \ \'  s disease in childhood: a case report from China.
Silencing of microRNA-210 inhibits the progression of liver cancer and hepatitis B virus-associated liver cancer via targeting EGR3.
Real-world effectiveness and safety of sofosbuvir and nonstructural protein 5A inhibitors for chronic hepatitis C genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, or 6: a mult...
Recombinant Klotho protein enhances cholesterol efflux of THP-1 macrophage-derived foam cells via suppressing Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway.
Case report: left atrial Myxoma causing elevated C-reactive protein, fatigue and fever, with literature review.
Novel myocardial markers GADD45G and NDUFS5 identified by RNA-sequencing predicts left ventricular reverse remodeling in advanced non-ischemic hear...
Identification of tissue-specific and cold-responsive lncRNAs in Medicago truncatula by high-throughput RNA sequencing.
Graphene oxide and indole-3-acetic acid cotreatment regulates the root growth of Brassica napus L. via multiple phytohormone pathways.
Genome-wide identification of Diacylglycerol Acyltransferases (DGAT) family genes influencing Milk production in Buffalo.
OffScan: a universal and fast CRISPR off-target sites detection tool.
Ancient evolutionary signals of protein-coding sequences allow the discovery of new genes in the Drosophila melanogaster genome.
Detecting circular RNA from high-throughput sequence data with de Bruijn graph.
EHD1 Modulates Cx43 Gap Junction Remodeling Associated with Cardiac Diseases.
Acid Sphingomyelinase Inhibition Mitigates Histopathologic and Behavioral Changes in a Murine Model of Traumatic Brain Injury.
The role of cellular prion protein in lipid metabolism in the liver.
Advances in the use of cell penetrating peptides for respiratory drug delivery.
Advances in applying of multi-omics approaches in the research of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Differentiation of neonate mouse spermatogonial stem cells on three-dimensional agar/polyvinyl alcohol nanofiber scaffold.
Long intergenic non-coding RNA 1939 eliminates proliferation and migration of human renal cell carcinoma (RCC) cells by down-regulation of miR-154.
Versican expression level in cumulus cells is associated with human oocyte developmental competence.
Neuroprotective Effect of Rhodiola crenulata in D-Galactose-Induced Aging Model.
Bait Correlation Improves Interactor Identification by Tandem Mass Tag-Affinity Purification-Mass Spectrometry.
Changes in bacterial populations and their metabolism over ninety sequential cultures on wheat-based thin stillage.
Site-Specific 89Zr- and 111In-Radiolabeling and In Vivo Evaluation of Glycan-free Antibodies by Azide-Alkyne Cycloaddition with a Non-natural Amino...
Electrostatic Interactions Govern Extreme Nascent Protein Ejection Times from Ribosomes and Can Delay Ribosome Recycling.
Effect of extrusion of soybean meal on feed spectroscopic molecular structures and on performance, blood metabolites and nutrient digestibility of ...
G-Protein-Coupled Receptor 30 Mediates the Anticancer Effects Induced by Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Quantification of Ash and Moisture in Wheat Flour by Raman Spectroscopy.
Fluorinated Galactoses Inhibit Galactose-1-Phosphate Uridyltransferase and Metabolically Induce Galactosemia-like Phenotypes in HEK-293 Cells.
Eukaryotic Cell Permeabilisation to Identify New Putative Chlamydial Type III Secretion System Effectors Secreted within Host Cell Cytoplasm.
Probing the Environment of Emerin by Enhanced Ascorbate Peroxidase 2 (APEX2)-Mediated Proximity Labeling.
Glucose Exerts an Anti-Melanogenic Effect by Indirect Inactivation of Tyrosinase in Melanocytes and a Human Skin Equivalent.
Propranolol Suppresses the T-Helper Cell Depletion-Related Immune Dysfunction in Cirrhotic Mice.
Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Long Intergenic Non-Coding RNAs Contributed to Intramuscular Fat Content Differences between Yorkshire and Wei Pigs.
Lactococcus Ceduovirus Phages Isolated from Industrial Dairy Plants-from Physiological to Genomic Analyses.
Amino Acids 563-566 of the Na+/H+ Exchanger Isoform 1 C-Terminal Cytosolic Tail Prevent Protein Degradation and Stabilize Protein Expression and Ac...
PPE51 Is Involved in the Uptake of Disaccharides by Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Time-Cumulative Toxicity of Neonicotinoids: Experimental Evidence and Implications for Environmental Risk Assessments.
Melatonin Modulates Dendrite Maturation and Complexity in the Dorsal- and Ventral- Dentate Gyrus Concomitantly with Its Antidepressant-Like Effect ...
Liraglutide Suppresses Tau Hyperphosphorylation, Amyloid Beta Accumulation through Regulating Neuronal Insulin Signaling and BACE-1 Activity.
Tuberous Sclerosis Complex Axis Controls Renal Extracellular Vesicle Production and Protein Content.
Molecular Biology of Spermatogenesis: Novel Targets of Apparently Idiopathic Male Infertility.
Arabidopsis RETICULON-LIKE4 (RTNLB4) Protein Participates in Agrobacterium Infection and VirB2 Peptide-Induced Plant Defense Response.
Rosa davurica Pall. Improves Propionibacterium acnes-Induced Inflammatory Responses in Mouse Ear Edema Model and Suppresses Pro-Inflammatory Chemok...
Molecular Genetics of Niemann-Pick Type C Disease in Italy: An Update on 105 Patients and Description of 18 NPC1 Novel Variants.
Regulation of Small GTPase Rab20 by Ikaros in B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Interplay between Endoplasmic Reticulum (ER) Stress and Autophagy Induces Mutant p53H273 Degradation.
Synthesis and Bioactivity Assessment of Novel Spiro Pyrazole-Oxindole Congeners Exhibiting Potent and Selective in vitro Anticancer Effects.
Good Vibrations: Structural Remodeling of Maturing Yeast Pre-40S Ribosomal Particles Followed by Cryo-Electron Microscopy.
Designing Novel Therapies to Mend Broken Hearts: ATF6 and Cardiac Proteostasis.
Proteomics-Based Detection of Immune Dysfunction in an Elite Adventure Athlete Trekking Across the Antarctica.
The B Subunit of PirABvp Toxin Secreted from Vibrio parahaemolyticus Causing AHPND Is an Amino Sugar Specific Lectin.
Fish By-Product Use as Biostimulants: An Overview of the Current State of the Art, Including Relevant Legislation and Regulations within the EU and...
Citrus Auraptene Induces Expression of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor in Neuro2a Cells.
Targeting α-synuclein for PD Therapeutics: A Pursuit on All Fronts.
IRE1α Promotes Zika Virus Infection via XBP1.
Surface Probe Linker with Tandem Anti-Fouling Properties for Application in Biosensor Technology.
TSPAN8 as a Novel Emerging Therapeutic Target in Cancer for Monoclonal Antibody Therapy.
Pan Aurora Kinase Inhibitor: A Promising Targeted-Therapy in Dedifferentiated Liposarcomas With Differential Efficiency Depending on Sarcoma Molecu...
TonB-Dependent Transporters in Sphingomonads: Unraveling Their Distribution and Function in Environmental Adaptation.
Direct Conjugation of Streptavidin to Encoded Hydrogel Microparticles for Multiplex Biomolecule Detection with Rapid Probe-Set Modification.
Dysregulated Gut Homeostasis Observed Prior to the Accumulation of the Brain Amyloid-β in Tg2576 Mice.
Multifaceted Aspects of Metabolic Plasticity in Human Cholangiocarcinoma: An Overview of Current Perspectives.
Three-Dimensional Model of Dorsal Root Ganglion Explant as a Method of Studying Neurotrophic Factors in Regenerative Medicine.
Inter-Organelle Membrane Contact Sites and Mitochondrial Quality Control during Aging: A Geroscience View.
Cross-talk between Bcr-abl and the Thioredoxin System in Chronic Myeloid Leukaemia: Implications for CML Treatment.
Cell Penetrating Peptides, Novel Vectors for Gene Therapy.
[Effect of high expression of type Ⅰ collagen α1 chain protein on the prognosis of triple negative breast cancer].
[Expression of microRNA-17-5p in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and its effects on cell proliferation and invasion].
[AMG-102 inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis of laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma cells by regulating c-Met/PI3K/Akt pathway].
[Clinical features of 9 cases of Brucella endocarditis].
[Clinical phenotype and immunological features of a patient with A20 haploinsufficiency].
Differential correlation of serum BDNF and microRNA content in rats with rapid or late onset of heavy alcohol use.
Plasma Protein Signatures of a Murine Venous Thrombosis Model and Slc44a2 Knockout Mice Using Quantitative-Targeted Proteomics.
Considerations for pharmacokinetic assessment of immunoglobulins: Gammagard in very low birth weight neonates with and without baseline-correction.
Attenuation of pristimerin on TNF-α-induced endothelial inflammation.
Immuno-imaging of ICAM-1 in tumours by SPECT.
Atractylenolide I inhibits colorectal cancer cell proliferation by affecting metabolism and stemness via AKT/mTOR signaling.
Diphenyl diselenide is as effective as Ebselen in a juvenile rat model of cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity.
Dynamic gastric stability and in vitro lipid digestion of whey-protein-stabilised emulsions: Effect of heat treatment.
Nutritional variability and milling losses of rice landraces from Arunachal Pradesh, Northeast India.
Evaluation of production parameters and health of dairy cows treated with pegbovigrastim in the transition period.
Discovery of novel tertiary amide derivatives as NEDDylation pathway activators to inhibit the tumor progression in\xa0vitro and in\xa0vivo.
Identification of a pro-elongation effect of diallyl disulfide, a major organosulfur compound in garlic oil, on microglial process.
The force of HER2 - A druggable target in NSCLC?
Flagellar motility mediates early-stage biofilm formation in oligotrophic aquatic environment.
Spectroscopic response of soil organic matter in mining area to Pb/Cd heavy metal interaction: A mirror of coherent structural variation.
The combined effects of Cu and Pb on the sex-specific growth and physiology of the dioecious Populus yunnanensis.
Local delivery of bone morphogenetic protein-2 from near infrared-responsive hydrogels for bone tissue regeneration.
Upgrading of microalgal consortia with CO2 from fermentation of wheat straw for the phycoremediation of domestic wastewater.
A CCL25 chemokine functions as a chemoattractant and an immunomodulator in black rockfish, Sebastes schlegelii.
Effects of dietary raw or Enterococcus faecium fermented soybean meal on growth, antioxidant status, intestinal microbiota, morphology, and inflamm...
Toxic effects of terpinolene on Microcystis aeruginosa: Physiological, metabolism, gene transcription, and growth effects.
Acid/bile exposure triggers TRAIL-mediated apoptosis in esophageal cancer cells by suppressing the decoy receptors and c-FLIPR.
Love thy neighbor: Social buffering following exposure to an acute thermal stressor in a gregarious fish, the lake sturgeon (Acipenser fulvescens).
MiR-145 reduces the activity of PI3K/Akt and MAPK signaling pathways and inhibits adipogenesis in bovine preadipocytes.
RRGPredictor, a set-theory-based tool for predicting pathogen-associated molecular pattern receptors (PRRs) and resistance (R) proteins from plants.
TEMPORARY REMOVAL: Differential analysis of serum and urine S100 proteins in juvenile-onset systemic lupus erythematosus (jSLE).
Some cetyltrimethylammonium bromide modified polysaccharide supports as sustained release systems for curcumin.
The formation mechanism and thermodynamic properties of potato protein isolate-chitosan complex under dynamic high-pressure microfluidization (DHPM...
Contribution of phenoloxidase activation mechanism to Bt insecticidal protein resistance in Asian corn borer.
Developing effective combination therapy for pancreatic cancer: An overview.
Cigarette smoke and glutathione: Focus on in vitro cell models.
Structural analysis of the outer surface proteins from Borrelia burgdorferi paralogous gene family 54 that are thought to be the key players in the...
Profile of Pathogenic Proteins and MicroRNAs in Plasma-derived Extracellular Vesicles in Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease: A Pilot Study.
Complement C9 binding site and the anti-microbial activity of caprine vitronectin are localized in close proximity in the N-terminal region of the ...
The broad spectrum antiviral ivermectin targets the host nuclear transport importin α/β1 heterodimer.
Resistance of South American opossums to vWF-binding venom C-type lectins.
Distribution and persistence of residual T-2 and HT-2 toxins from moldy feed in broiler chickens.
Review and comparative analysis of machine learning-based phage virion protein identification methods.
Antigenic changes among the predominantly circulating C/Sao Paulo lineage strains of influenza C virus in Yamagata, Japan, between 2015 and 2018.
Peripheral cytokine and fatty acid associations with neuroinflammation in AD and aMCI patients: An exploratory study.
Unraveling Allostery in a Knotted Minimal Methyltransferase by NMR Spectroscopy.
Probing surface accessibility in the dynamic meshwork of protein-protein interactions.
Pulmonary Surfactant Lipid Reorganization Induced by the Adsorption of the Oligomeric Surfactant Protein B Complex.
Efficient Catalysis of Protein Folding by GroEL/ES of the Obligate Chaperonin Substrate MetF.
Methyltransferase-like 1 (METTL1) served as a tumor suppressor in colon cancer by activating 7-methyguanosine (m7G) regulated let-7e miRNA/HMGA2 axis.
Rigosertib potently protects against colitis-associated intestinal fibrosis and inflammation by regulating PI3K/AKT and NF-κB signaling pathways.
Inhibition of PU.1 ameliorates metabolic dysfunction and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Par-4 regulates autophagic cell death in human cancer cells via upregulating p53 and BNIP3.
Attenuated porcine-derived type 2 bovine viral diarrhea virus as vector stably expressing viral gene.
QM/MM computations reveal details of the acetyl-CoA synthase catalytic center.
HERG channel and cancer: A mechanistic review of carcinogenic processes and therapeutic potential.
Strategies to Reduce Reconstitution Time of Lyophilized Biotherapeutics.
Expression of TRPC3 in cortical lesions from patients with focal cortical dysplasia.
A new cell line for assessing HIV-1 antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity against a broad range of variants.
Delayed access to feed alters gene expression associated with hormonal signaling, cellular differentiation, and protein metabolism in muscle of new...
Low doses of deoxynivalenol inhibit the cell migration mediated by H3K27me3-targeted downregulation of TEM8 expression.
Significance of medial preoptic area among the subcortical and cortical areas that are related to pain regulation in the rats with stress-induced h...
Medication association and immunomodulation: An approach in fungal diseases and in particular in the treatment of paracoccidioidomycosis.
Triterpenoid corosolic acid modulates global CpG methylation and transcriptome of tumor promotor TPA induced mouse epidermal JB6 P+ cells.
Allicin alleviates inflammation of diabetic macroangiopathy via the Nrf2 and NF-kB pathway.
Arctiin protects rat heart against ischemia/reperfusion injury via a mechanism involving reduction of necroptosis.
Vorinostat upregulates MICA via the PI3K/Akt pathway to enhance the ability of natural killer cells to kill tumor cells.
Pathogenic DDX3X Mutations Impair RNA Metabolism and Neurogenesis during Fetal Cortical Development.
Searching for Antipneumococcal Targets: Choline-Binding Modules as Phagocytosis Enhancers.
Metagenome-Guided Proteomic Quantification of Reductive Dehalogenases in the Dehalococcoides mccartyi-Containing Consortium SDC-9.
Efficient and Low-Cost Error Removal in DNA Synthesis by a High-Durability MutS.
Design of Turn-On Near-Infrared Fluorescent Probes for Highly Sensitive and Selective Monitoring of Biopolymers.
Monophosphoryl lipid A alleviated radiation-induced testicular injury through TLR4-dependent exosomes.
The Effects of Diets Enriched in Monounsaturated Oleic Acid on the Management and Prevention of Obesity: a Systematic Review of Human Intervention ...
Resolution of herpes simplex virus reactivation in vivo results in neuronal destruction.
Munc13 mediates klotho-inhibitable diacylglycerol-stimulated exocytotic insertion of pre-docked TRPC6 vesicles.
Development of a minigenome cassette for Lettuce necrotic yellows virus: A first step in rescuing a plant cytorhabdovirus.
DMSO-mediated curing of several yeast prion variants involves Hsp104 expression and protein solubilization, and is decreased in several autophagy r...
Detection of melon necrotic spot virus by one-step reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay.
Assessing the binding properties of the anti-PD-1 antibody landscape using label-free biosensors.
An insight into structural plasticity and conformational transitions of transcriptional co-activator Sus1.
Angiotensin II triggers RIPK3-MLKL-mediated necroptosis by activating the Fas/FasL signaling pathway in renal tubular cells.
Application of the severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome prediction score: Differentiation of febrile diseases using basic laboratory paramet...
Biochemical, genetic and transcriptional characterization of multibacteriocin production by the anti-pneumococcal dairy strain Streptococcus infant...
Histone H4 dosage modulates DNA damage response in the pathogenic yeast Candida glabrata via homologous recombination pathway.
FLS2 is a CDK-like kinase that directly binds IFT70 and is required for proper ciliary disassembly in Chlamydomonas.
Differentiation of human colon tissue in culture: Effects of calcium on trans-epithelial electrical resistance and tissue cohesive properties.
Cryo-EM structures of the human PA200 and PA200-20S complex reveal regulation of proteasome gate opening and two PA200 apertures.
Investigation of PTEN promoter methylation in ameloblastoma.
Longxuetongluo capsule alleviates lipopolysaccharide-induced neuroinflammation by regulating multiple signaling pathways in BV2 microglia cells.
Clinical and High-Resolution CT Features of the COVID-19 Infection: Comparison of the Initial and Follow-up Changes.
Toward a Long-Term Artificial Lung.
PTEN Loss and Cyclin A2 Upregulation Define a PI3K/AKT Pathway Activation in Helicobacter pylori-induced MALT and DLBCL Gastric Lymphoma With Featu...
S100A8/A9 regulates CD11b expression and neutrophil recruitment during chronic tuberculosis.
Diligent profiling of preclinical safety of the silk protein sericin.
Normosmic idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to a novel GNRH1 variant in two siblings.
Comparison of Leukocyte-Rich Platelet-Rich Plasma and Leukocyte-Poor Platelet-Rich Plasma on Achilles Tendinopathy at an Early Stage in a Rabbit Mo...
CT Features of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Pneumonia in 62 Patients in Wuhan, China.
Comparative Analysis of Quantitative Mass Spectrometric Methods for Subcellular Proteomics.
Impact of Local Electrostatics on the Redox Properties of Tryptophan Radicals in Azurin: Implications for Redox-Active Tryptophans in Proton-Couple...
Will Cryo-Electron Microscopy Shift the Current Paradigm in Protein Structure Prediction?
A Grid Map Based Approach to Identify Nonobvious Ligand Design Opportunities in 3D Protein Structure Ensembles.
Backbone Hydrogen Bond Energies in Membrane Proteins Are Insensitive to Large Changes in Local Water Concentration.
Biopolymer-Based Nanotechnology Approaches To Deliver Bioactive Compounds for Food Applications: A Perspective on the Past, Present, and Future.
Mapping of Ion and Substrate Binding Sites in Human Sodium Iodide Symporter (hNIS).
Ultrasound-Guided Cytosolic Protein Delivery via Transient Fluorous Masks.
Vertically Coated Graphene Oxide Micro-Well Arrays for Highly Efficient Cancer Spheroid Formation and Drug Screening.
Reduction of SOST gene promotes bone formation through the Wnt/β-catenin signalling pathway and compensates particle-induced osteolysis.
Virulence properties of Campylobacter jejuni are enhanced by displaying a mycobacterial TlyA methylation pattern in its rRNA.
Bioinspired and Mechanically Strong Fibers Based on Engineered Non-Spider Chimeric Proteins.
The function of histone lysine methylation related SET domain group proteins in plants.
Remote liver ischaemic preconditioning protects rat brain against cerebral ischaemia-reperfusion injury by activation of an AKT-dependent pathway.
1-Stearoyl-2-docosahexaenoyl-phosphatidic acid interacts with and activates Praja-1, the E3 ubiquitin ligase acting on the serotonin transporter in...
Down-regulation of protease-activated receptor 2 ameliorated osteoarthritis in rats through regulation of MAPK/NF-κB signaling pathway in vivo and ...
Multi-omic analysis reveals HIP-55-dependent regulation of cytokines release.
Long non-coding RNA FENDRR inhibits migration and invasion of cutaneous malignant melanoma cells.
Stirring rate affects thermodynamics and unfolding kinetics in isothermal titration calorimetry.
Carnosine ameliorates age-related dementia via improving mitochondrial dysfunction in SAMP8 mice.
Characterization of tick-borne encephalitis virus isolated from a tick in central Hokkaido in 2017.
Recent Developments in Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter 2 (SGLT2) Inhibitors as a Valuable Tool in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Anti-Ferroptosis Drug Enhances Total-Body Irradiation Mitigation by Drugs that Block Apoptosis and Necroptosis.
Effects of apple polyphenols on myofiber-type transformation in longissimus dorsi muscle of finishing pigs.
Identification of differentially expressed genes associated with egg production in black-boned chicken.
Interaction analysis of miR-1275/IGF2BP1/IGF2BP3 with the susceptibility to hepatocellular carcinoma.
Structure-Activity Relationship of Antischistosomal Ozonide Carboxylic Acids.
Enabling Sensitive Phenotypic Profiling of Cancer-Derived Small Extracellular Vesicles Using Surface-Enhanced Raman Spectroscopy Nanotags.
Characterization and Control of Dynamic Rearrangement in a Self-Assembled Antibody Carrier.
Investigating Cryptic Binding Sites by Molecular Dynamics Simulations.
Gestational exposure to valproic acid upregulates total Stat3 protein expression while downregulating phosphorylated Stat3 in CD-1 mouse embryos wi...
Anastomotic leakage after elective colorectal surgery: a prospective multicentre observational study on use of the Dutch leakage score, serum proca...
Morphological effects of whole-body vibration on remobilization of the tibialis anterior muscle of Wistar rats.
Malignant perivascular epithelioid tumor of the vagina: Report of a rare case with brief review of literature.
Transfection of glycoprotein encoding mRNA for swift evaluation of N-glycan engineering strategies.
Tn and Sialyl-Tn antigens in canine gastric tissues.
The novel R211Q POP1 homozygous mutation causes different pathogenesis and skeletal changes from those of previously reported POP1-associated anaux...
Role of α-tocopherol and Lactobacillus plantarum in the alleviation of mercuric chloride-induced testicular atrophy in rat \ \'  s model: Implication of ...
EGFR-ERK pathway regulates CSN6 to contribute to PD-L1 expression in glioblastoma.
Proline biosynthesis is a vent for TGFβ-induced mitochondrial redox stress.
Infection-driven activation of transglutaminase 2 boosts glucose uptake and hexosamine biosynthesis in epithelial cells.
Prognostic value of an inflammatory index for patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer.
Mendelian randomisation analysis of circulating adipokines and C-reactive protein on breast cancer risk.
A Validated LC-MS/MS Method for Simultaneous Determination of 3-O-Acetyl-11-Keto-β-Boswellic Acid (AKBA) and its Active Metabolite Acetyl-11-Hydrox...
Recent progress in the science of complex coacervation.
Screening of by-products from the food industry as growth promoting agents in serum-free media for skeletal muscle cell culture.
Genetically fused charged peptides induce rapid crystallization of proteins.
Molecular confirmation &amp; characterization of Rickettsia conorii in north India: A report of three cases.
Comparison of plasma adipocytokines &amp; C-reactive protein levels in healthy schoolgoing adolescents from private &amp; government-funded schools of Delh...
The need &amp; the issues related to new-generation typhoid conjugate vaccines in India.
Obesity subtypes, related biomarkers &amp; heterogeneity.
The phospholipase A effector PlaA from Legionella pneumophila: expression, purification and crystallization.
Engineering the Fab fragment of the anti-IgE omalizumab to prevent Fab crystallization and permit IgE-Fc complex crystallization.
The crystal structure of the catalytic domain of tau tubulin kinase 2 in complex with a small-molecule inhibitor.
Optimizing the refinement of merohedrally twinned P61 HIV-1 protease-inhibitor cocrystal structures.
Estimating local protein model quality: prospects for molecular replacement.
Extending the scope of coiled-coil crystal structure solution by AMPLE through improved ab initio modelling.
A practical overview of molecular replacement: Clostridioides difficile PilA1, a difficult case study.
The use of local structural similarity of distant homologues for crystallographic model building from a molecular-replacement solution.
ALEPH: a network-oriented approach for the generation of fragment-based libraries and for structure interpretation.
Soft mechano-chemistry of molecular hubs in mitotic spindle: biomechanics and mechanical proofreading at microtubule ends.
Efficacy of Allium sativum oil to alleviate tebuconazol-induced oxidative stress in the liver of adult rats.
CD4+ regulatory T cells and CD4+ activated T cells in new active and relapse tuberculosis.
Network Pharmacology-based Investigation of the Underlying Mechanism of Panax Notoginseng Treatment of Diabetic Retinopathy
G protein-coupled receptors in cancer stem cells.
Lithium-Protein Interactions: Analysis of Lithium-Containing Protein Crystal Structures deposited in the Protein Data Bank.
Non-Enzymatic Protein Acetylation by 7-acetoxy-4-methylcoumarin: Implications in Protein Biochemistry.
Small RNAs OmrA and OmrB promote class III flagellar gene expression by inhibiting the synthesis of anti-Sigma factor FlgM.
Activin A overexpression promotes rat follicular development through SCF-kit-mediated cell signals.
Genetic engineering strategies for construction of multivalent chimeric VLPs vaccines.
Long-term neuroendocrine consequences of traumatic brain injury and strategies for management.
New and emerging pharmacotherapy for duchenne muscular dystrophy: a focus on synthetic therapeutics.
Synthesis of a meso-Oxa-Diaminopimelic Acid Containing Peptidoglycan Pentapeptide and Coupling to the GlcNAc-anhydro-MurNAc Disaccharide.
The True Value of Spirulina.
Robust De Novo-Designed Homotetrameric Coiled Coils.
Comparative Analysis of CPI-Motif Regulation of Biochemical Functions of Actin Capping Protein.
Critical Roles of Deubiquitinating Enzymes in the Nervous System and Neurodegenerative Disorders.
[One-stage posterior debridement combined with lumbar-ilium fixation and bone graft fusion for the treatment of lumbosacral tuberculosis].
Primary age-related tauopathy in a Chinese cohort.
Identification of PTPRR and JAG1 as key genes in castration-resistant prostate cancer by integrated bioinformatics methods.
Amyloid precursor protein regulates 5-fluorouracil resistance in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells by inhibiting the mitochondrial apoptotic pat...
Inhibition of chemotherapy-related breast tumor EMT by application of redox-sensitive siRNA delivery system CSO-ss-SA/siRNA along with doxorubicin ...
Deregulation of miR-27a may contribute to canine fibroblast activation after coculture with a mast cell tumour cell line.
Identification of signal peptide features for substrate specificity in human Sec62/Sec63-dependent ER protein import.
A clinical and experimental study of adult hereditary spherocytosis in the Chinese population.
Influence of human wound exudate on the bactericidal efficacy of antiseptic agents in quantitative suspension tests on the basis of European Standa...
Loss-of-function of Endothelin receptor type A results in Oro-Oto-Cardiac syndrome.
MicroRNA-129-5p represses the growth and aggressiveness of oral squamous cell carcinoma via suppressing HMGB1.
Thermal proteome profiling for interrogating protein interactions.
Quick microbial molecular phenotyping by differential shotgun proteomics.
Targeting USP1-dependent KDM4A protein stability as a potential prostate cancer therapy.
USP1 deubiquitinates Akt to inhibit PI3K-Akt-FoxO signaling in muscle during prolonged starvation.
Phylogenetic comparison of plant U1-70K gene family, central spliceosomal proteins on 5 \ \'   splice site determination, in response to developmental cu...
Dental and craniofacial defects in the Crtap-/- mouse model of osteogenesis imperfecta type VII.
Elevation of CD109 promotes metastasis and drug resistance in lung cancer via activation of EGFR-AKT-mTOR signaling.
A-kinase interacting protein 1 (AKIP1) associates with advanced overall disease condition, tumor properties, and unfavorable prognosis in hepatocel...
Improving the thermostability and acid resistance of Rhizopus oryzae α-amylase by using multiple sequence alignment based site-directed mutagenesis.
Tomosyn regulates the small RhoA GTPase to control the dendritic stability of neurons and the surface expression of AMPA receptors.
CircRNA_0005075 suppresses carcinogenesis via regulating miR-431/p53/epithelial-mesenchymal transition axis in gastric cancer.
The effect of maslinic acid on cognitive dysfunction induced by cholinergic blockade in mice.
Molecular characterization and expressional quantification of lgp2, a modulatory co-receptor of RLR-signalling pathway in the Indian major carp Lab...
The effects of predation risk on prey stoichiometry: a meta-analysis.
Plasmin improves oedematous blood-gas barrier by cleaving epithelial sodium channels.
IGF-binding proteins 3 and 4 are regulators of sprouting angiogenesis.
Effects of Heat stress and molecular mitigation approaches in orphan legume, Chickpea.
Evaluation of the Effect of Prazosin Treatment on α-2c Adrenoceptor and Apoptosis Protein Levels in the Predator Scent-Induced Rat Model of Post-Tr...
Effects of dietary Lactobacillus plantarum (KC426951) in biofloc and stagnant-renewal culture systems on growth performance, mucosal parameters, an...
Whey milk proteomics from Schistosoma mansoni-infected mice reveals proteins involved in immunomodulation of the offspring.
Analysis of synovial biomarkers with a multiplex protein microarray in patients with PJI undergoing revision arthroplasty of the hip or knee joint.
An Amino Acid-Based Oral Rehydration Solution Regulates Radiation-Induced Intestinal Barrier Disruption in Mice.
Identification of Milk and Cheese Intake Biomarkers in Healthy Adults Reveals High Interindividual Variability of Lewis System-Related Oligosacchar...
Involvement of a truncated MADS-box transcription factor ZmTMM1 in root nitrate foraging.
Surfaces immobilized with oligo-prolines prevent protein adsorption and cell adhesion.
Permeation of nanoparticles across the intestinal lipid membrane: dependence on shape and surface chemistry studied through molecular simulations.
Targeting mitochondrial dysfunction in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
New insights provided by myofibril mechanics in inherited cardiomyopathies.
Evaluation of the cytotoxic and cellular proteome impacts of food-grade TiO2 (E171) using simulated gastrointestinal digestions and a tri-culture s...
A proteome-wide assessment of the oxidative stress paradigm for metal and metal-oxide nanomaterials in human macrophages.
Annexin A1 accounts for an anti-inflammatory binding target of sesamin metabolites.
Blood-stage malaria parasites manipulate host innate immune responses through the induction of sFGL2.
Nickel Metalloregulators and Chaperones.
A Novel Thioredoxin-Dependent Peroxiredoxin (TPx-Q) Plays an Important Role in Defense Against Oxidative Stress and Is a Possible Drug Target in Ba...
Neutrophil Myeloperoxidase Index in Dogs With Babesiosis Caused by Babesia rossi.
The Effects of Dietary Supplementation of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Fermentation Product During Late Pregnancy and Lactation on Sow Productivity, Co...
Sequential Surgical Procedures in Vascular Surgery Patients Are Associated With Perioperative Adverse Cardiac Events.
Directed-Mutagenesis of Flavobacterium meningosepticum Prolyl-Oligopeptidase and a Glutamine-Specific Endopeptidase From Barley.
FGF Signaling Pathway: A Key Regulator of Stem Cell Pluripotency.
LINC00346 Acts as a Competing Endogenous RNA Regulating Development of Hepatocellular Carcinoma via Modulating CDK1/CCNB1 Axis.
In silico Strategies to Support Fragment-to-Lead Optimization in Drug Discovery.
A PEGDA/DNA Hybrid Hydrogel for Cell-Free Protein Synthesis.
Hypofibrinogenaemia: A Case of Spontaneous Bleeding and Central Venous Thrombosis in the Same Lifetime.
Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus Infection Alters the Sialome of Ixodes ricinus Ticks During the Earliest Stages of Feeding.
Validation of Novel Prognostic Biomarkers for Early-Stage Clear-Cell, Endometrioid and Mucinous Ovarian Carcinomas Using Immunohistochemistry.
Polyploid Adipose Stem Cells Shift the Balance of IGF1/IGFBP2 to Promote the Growth of Breast Cancer.
Cucurbitacin D Overcomes Gefitinib Resistance by Blocking EGF Binding to EGFR and Inducing Cell Death in NSCLCs.
Leptin Signaling in Liver Tissue of a Transgenic Breast Cancer Mouse Model.
Raman spectroscopy combined with multivariate analysis to study the biochemical mechanism of lung cancer microwave ablation.
Light-assisted drying for anhydrous preservation of biological samples: optical characterization of the trehalose preservation matrix.
SOFIevaluator: a strategy for the quantitative quality assessment of SOFI data.
Co-exposure to the food additives SiO2 (E551) or TiO2 (E171) and the pesticide boscalid increases cytotoxicity and bioavailability of the pesticide...
Association of trough vedolizumab levels with clinical, biological and endoscopic outcomes during maintenance therapy in inflammatory bowel disease.
Early real-world effectiveness of ustekinumab for Crohn \ \'  s disease.
Antiproliferative and Anti-invasion Effects of Carvacrol on PC3 Human Prostate Cancer Cells through Reducing pSTAT3, pAKT, and pERK1/2 Signaling Pr...
Immunization against Leishmania major infection in BALB/c mice using a subunit-based DNA vaccine derived from TSA, LmSTI1, KMP11, and LACK predomin...
A comparative study on the equine and camelid antivenoms upon cardiovascular changes induced with Hemiscorpius lepturus venom in rats.
Effect of resveratrol on SNARE proteins expression and insulin resistance in skeletal muscle of diabetic rats.
MAGE-A inhibit apoptosis and promote proliferation in multiple myeloma through regulation of BIM and p21Cip1.
DNA dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) enhances HIV transcription by promoting RNA polymerase II activity and recruitment of transcription machinery...
Prognostic factors in heart failure patients with cardiac cachexia.
The Cytochrome P450 Monooxygenase Inventory of Grapevine (Vitis vinifera L.): Genome-Wide Identification, Evolutionary Characterization and Express...
Genome-Wide Association Study and QTL Meta-Analysis Identified Novel Genomic Loci Controlling Potassium Use Efficiency and Agronomic Traits in Brea...
A Comparison of Immunoglobulin Variable Region N-Linked Glycosylation in Healthy Donors, Autoimmune Disease and Lymphoma.
Syndecans in Inflammation at a Glance.
NLRP3 Inflammasome-A Key Player in Antiviral Responses.
The Use of Both Therapeutic and Prophylactic Vaccines in the Therapy of Papillomavirus Disease.
Strong CD4 T Cell Responses to Zika Virus Antigens in a Cohort of Dengue Virus Immune Mothers of Congenital Zika Virus Syndrome Infants.
Disclosing the Potential of the SARP-Type Regulator PapR2 for the Activation of Antibiotic Gene Clusters in Streptomycetes.
Anthralin Suppresses the Proliferation of Influenza Virus by Inhibiting the Cap-Binding and Endonuclease Activity of Viral RNA Polymerase.
A Case of Ischemic Stroke With Congenital Protein C Deficiency and Carotid Web Successfully Treated by Anticoagulant and Carotid Stenting.
"Heart Oddity": Intrinsically Reduced Excitability in the Right Ventricle Requires Compensation by Regionally Specific Stress Kinase Function.
Topical Application of Wogonin Provides a Novel Treatment of Knee Osteoarthritis.
Modeling Bainbridge-Ropers Syndrome in Xenopus laevis Embryos.
The Effects of Calorie Restriction and Exercise on Age-Related Alterations in Corpus Cavernosum.
Plasma Myokine Concentrations After Acute Exercise in Non-obese and Obese Sedentary Women.
Protective Effect of Stachydrine Against Cerebral Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury by Reducing Inflammation and Apoptosis Through P65 and JAK2/STAT3 Sig...
Chaperone Mediated Autophagy Degrades TDP-43 Protein and Is Affected by TDP-43 Aggregation.
Evolution and Comparative Physiology of Luqin-Type Neuropeptide Signaling.
New Vision for Visual Prostheses.
BRCA2 genemutation, c.2808_2811delACAA (p.Ala938Profs), in malebreastcancer - clinicopathologicalanalysisbased on a case report.
Drug-drug interaction of acetaminophen and roxithromycin with the cocktail of cytochrome P450 and hepatotoxicity in rats.
Hinokitiol reduces tumor metastasis by inhibiting heparanase via extracellular signal-regulated kinase and protein kinase B pathway.
Pathobiological Mechanisms of Endothelial Dysfunction Induced by tert-Butyl Hydroperoxide via Apoptosis, Necrosis and Senescence in a Rat Model.
Upregulation of Enzymes involved in ISGylation and Ubiquitination in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Aqueous Ocimum gratissimum extract induces cell apoptosis in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Humanin gene expression in fibroblast of Down syndrome subjects.
Decoy exosomes provide protection against bacterial toxins.
Mitochondrial stress is relayed to the cytosol by an OMA1-DELE1-HRI pathway.
A pathway coordinated by DELE1 relays mitochondrial stress to the cytosol.
DNA-loop extruding condensin complexes can traverse one another.
Enhancing crystal growth using polyelectrolyte solutions and shear flow.
The PIWI protein Aubergine recruits eIF3 to activate translation in the germ plasm.
MNK1 signaling induces an ANGPTL4-mediated gene signature to drive melanoma progression.
Virus Like Particles (VLP) as multivalent vaccine candidate against Chikungunya, Japanese Encephalitis, Yellow Fever and Zika Virus.
Effect of osmolytes on in-vitro aggregation properties of peptides derived from TGFBIp.
Complete Profiling of Methyl-CpG-Binding Domains for Combinations of Cytosine Modifications at CpG Dinucleotides Reveals Differential Read-out in N...
The ankyrin repeat gene family in Capsicum spp: Genome-wide survey, characterization and gene expression profile.
Indirect regulation of TFPI-2 expression by miR-494 in breast cancer cells.
Purification, Characterization and Mechanistic Evaluation of Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitory Peptides Derived from Zizyphus Jujuba Fruit.
Theileria parasites subvert E2F signaling to stimulate leukocyte proliferation.
Proteomic identification of early urinary-biomarkers of acute kidney injury in preterm infants.
Retinal biomarkers and pharmacological targets for Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome 7.
Iron redox pathway revealed in ferritin via electron transfer analysis.
Elevated CO2 concentration affects the defense of tobacco and melon against lepidopteran larvae through the jasmonic acid signaling pathway.
BCAP31, a cancer/testis antigen-like protein, can act as a probe for non-small-cell lung cancer metastasis.
Basic Limonoid modulates Chaperone-mediated Proteostasis and dissolve Tau fibrils.
Publisher Correction: Profiling the susceptibility of Pseudomonas aeruginosa strains from acute and chronic infections to cell-wall-targeting immun...
Lactation stage impacts the glycolytic function of bovine CD4+ T cells during ex vivo activation.
Transcriptomic response to soybean meal-based diets as the first formulated feed in juvenile yellow perch (Perca flavescens).
Bacterial chemotaxis towards polysaccharide pectin by pectin-binding protein.
Enhanced heat tolerance of viral-infected aphids leads to niche expansion and reduced interspecific competition.
Disordered protein-graphene oxide co-assembly and supramolecular biofabrication of functional fluidic devices.
Escherichia coli adhesion portion FimH functions as an adjuvant for cancer immunotherapy.
Overexpression of Nrf2 Protects Against Lipopolysaccharide and Cerulein-Induced Pancreatitis In Vitro and In Vivo.
Combined Use of Common Fecal and Blood Markers for Detection of Endoscopically Active Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Differential impact of psychological and psychophysical stress on low back pain in mice.
Relationship between infectious screening and early unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia in well-appearing neonates.
Catechin inhibiting the H1N1 influenza virus associated with the regulation of autophagy.
Role of autophagy and apoptosis in atrophic epithelium in oral submucous fibrosis.
Cytoprotective effects evaluation of A novel danshensu derivative DEX-018 against oxidative stress injury in HUVECs.
Overexpression of DJ-1 enhances colorectal cancer cell proliferation through the cyclin-D1/MDM2-p53 signaling pathway.
Biological function of protein tyrosine phosphatase H-type receptor and its progress in tumor.
Expression of autophagy related gene 5 and cyclin E in coronary heart disease and its clinical significance.
Low intraspecific variation of Frog virus 3 with evidence for novel FV3-like isolates in central and northwestern Canada.
Astrocytes modulate baroreflex sensitivity at the level of the nucleus of the solitary tract.
Global Organization and Proposed Megataxonomy of the Virus World.
An EBNA3A-mutated Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) retains the capacity for lymphomagenesis in a cord blood-humanized mouse model.
Palmitoylated cysteines in Chikungunya virus nsP1 are critical for targeting to cholesterol-rich plasma membrane microdomains with functional conse...
Mutations Near the N-Terminus of the Vaccinia Virus G9 Protein Overcome Restrictions on Cell Entry and Syncytium Formation Imposed by the A56/K2 Fu...
Experimental evolution to isolate vaccinia virus adaptive G9 mutants that overcome membrane fusion inhibition by vaccinia A56/K2 protein complex.
Characterization and genomic analysis of ValSw3-3, a new Siphoviridae bacteriophage infecting Vibrio alginolyticus.
T cell responses induced by attenuated flavivirus vaccination are specific and show limited cross-reactivity with other flavivirus species.
Discovery of a redox thiol switch: implications for cellular energy metabolism.
Quantitative profiling of the human substantia nigra proteome from laser-capture microdissected FFPE tissue.
Different CSF protein profiles in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia with C9orf72 hexanucleotide repeat expansion.
Active volume regulation in adhered cells.
Transcriptional repression specifies the central cell for double fertilization.
Programming colloidal bonding using DNA strand-displacement circuitry.
TDP-43 α-helical structure tunes liquid-liquid phase separation and function.
Visualizing the translation and packaging of HIV-1 full-length RNA.
Differentiation of community-associated and livestock-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates and identification of spa typ...
Structural basis for the recognition of SARS-CoV-2 by full-length human ACE2.
A Novel Neutralizing Antibody Targeting a Unique Cross-Reactive Epitope on the hi Loop of Domain II of the Envelope Protein Protects Mice against D...
Dopamine transporter trafficking and Rit2 GTPase: Mechanism of action and in vivo impact.
Short stature explained by dimerization of human growth hormone induced by a p.C53S point mutation.
A Caenorhabditis elegans Model for Integrating the Functions of Neuropsychiatric Risk Genes Identifies Components Required for Normal Dendritic Mor...
Twitching and Swimming Motility Play a Role in Ralstonia solanacearum Pathogenicity.
Culture-Confirmed Invasive Meningococcal Disease in Canada, 2010 to 2014: Characterization of Serogroup B Neisseria meningitidis Strains and Their ...
The Physical Mechanisms of Drosophila Gastrulation: Mesoderm and Endoderm Invagination.
GPIHBP1, a partner protein for lipoprotein lipase, is expressed only in capillary endothelial cells.
Carboxy-Terminal Phosphoregulation of the Long Splice Isoform of Free-Fatty Acid Receptor-4 Mediates β-Arrestin Recruitment and Signaling to ERK1/2.
A Tetratricopeptide Repeat Protein Regulates Carotenoid Biosynthesis and Chromoplast Development in Monkeyflower (Mimulus).
MEF2c-dependent downregulation of Myocilin mediates cancer-induced muscle wasting and associates with cachexia in cancer patients.
Genomic-guided precision therapy for soft tissue sarcoma.
Precision oncology in urothelial cancer.
Alcohol Causes Lasting Differential Transcription in Drosophila Mushroom Body Neurons.
The Prognostic Value of Systemic Inflammatory Markers in Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma Patients Treated With Molecular Targeted Therapies.
Could Mismatch Repair Status Serve as a Biomarker for Immunotherapy in Endometrial Carcinoma?
Hedgehog Pathway Activation Might Mediate Pemetrexed Resistance in NSCLC Cells.
Antihelminthic Niclosamide Induces Autophagy and Delayed Apoptosis in Human Non-small Lung Cancer Cells In Vitro and In Vivo.
Hypoxia Suppresses Cysteine Deprivation-induced Cell Death Via ATF4 Regulation in MDA-MB-231 Breast Cancer Cells.
RNF126 as a Marker of Prognosis and Proliferation of Gastric Cancer.
Silencing Delta-like 1 Expression Induces Migratory Features in Pancreatic Cancer Cells Through Stimulation of Src and p38 Signalling Pathway.
Androgen Receptor Enhances the Efficacy of Sorafenib Against Hepatocellular Carcinoma Through Enriched EpCAM Stemness.
Cigarette Smoke Reduces the Efficacy of Cisplatin in Head and Neck Cancer Cells - Role of ABCG2.
An Unbalanced Chromosome Translocation Between 7p22 and 12q13 Leads to ACTB-GLI1 Fusion in Pericytoma.
[Roles of G Protein-gated Inward Rectifier Potassium Channels in Substance Addiction].
[Changes of Gene Expression Profile in Cardiac Mesenchymal Cells in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Screening of Their Related Environme...
[Effect of Hematopoietic Pre-B-cell Leukemia Transcription Factor Interacting Protein Knockdown on Proliferation,Cell Cycle and Apoptosis in Pancre...
Milk production responses and rumen fermentation of dairy cows supplemented with summer brassicas.
Maternal blood folate status during early pregnancy and occurrence of autism spectrum disorder in offspring: a study of 62 serum biomarkers.
Hippocampal tau oligomerization early in tau pathology coincides with a transient alteration of mitochondrial homeostasis and DNA repair in a mouse...
Insensitivity versus poor response to tumour necrosis factor inhibitors in rheumatoid arthritis: a retrospective cohort study.
Small-angle X-ray scattering characterization of a [Formula: see text]-amyloid model in phantoms.
Linker histone variant H1t is closely associated with repressed repeat-element chromatin domains in pachytene spermatocytes.
A novel TLR7 agonist as adjuvant to stimulate high quality HBsAg-specific immune responses in an HBV mouse model.
Betaine attenuates LPS-induced downregulation of Occludin and Claudin-1 and restores intestinal barrier function.
LncRNA SNHG5 promotes nasopharyngeal carcinoma progression by regulating miR-1179/HMGB3 axis.
Influence of Casein kinase II inhibitor CX-4945 on BCL6-mediated apoptotic signaling in B-ALL in vitro and in vivo.
Serum-to-urine renalase ratio and renalase fractional excretion in healthy adults and chronic kidney disease patients.
Genome-wide analysis of RopGEF gene family to identify genes contributing to pollen tube growth in rice (Oryza sativa).
The iTRAQ-based chloroplast proteomic analysis of Triticum aestivum L. leaves subjected to drought stress and 5-aminolevulinic acid alleviation rev...
Genome-wide analysis of MicroRNA-messenger RNA interactome in ex-vivo gill filaments, Anguilla japonica.
Transcriptome sequencing and whole genome expression profiling of hexaploid sweetpotato under salt stress.
Genome-wide analysis reveals molecular convergence underlying domestication in 7 bird and mammals.
Alterations in AdeS and AdeR regulatory proteins in 1-(1-naphthylmethyl)-piperazine responsive colistin resistance of Acinetobacter baumannii.
Probing the fibrillation of lysozyme by nanoscale-infrared spectroscopy.
Resveratrol binding to human complement fragment 5a (hC5a) may modulate the C5aR signaling axes.
Elucidation of molecular interactions between human γD-crystallin and quercetin, an inhibitor against tryptophan oxidation.
Endothelium-Targeted Deletion of microRNA-15a/16-1 Promotes Post-Stroke Angiogenesis and Improves Long-Term Neurological Recovery.
Exosomes From Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes Promote Autophagy for Myocardial Repair.
LncRNAs in molluscan and mammalian stages of parasitic schistosomes are developmentally-regulated and coordinately expressed with protein-coding ge...
Lysosomal degradation of depolarized mitochondria is rate-limiting in OPTN-dependent neuronal mitophagy.
Interaction of the mTERT telomerase catalytic subunit with the c-Abl tyrosine kinase in mouse granulosa cells.
MicroRNA-214 protects L6 skeletal myoblasts against hydrogen peroxide-induced apoptosis.
Vaginal Ureaplasma urealyticum or Mycoplasma hominis and preterm delivery in women with threatened preterm labor.
Chemical composition, cytotoxicity and molecular profiling of Cordia africana Lam. on human breast cancer cell line.
Lactosyl-sepharose binding proteins from pancreatic cancer cells show differential expression in primary and metastatic organs.
Reactive Sulfur Species: A New Redox Player in Cardiovascular Pathophysiology.
Nascent HDL (High-Density Lipoprotein) Discs Carry Cholesterol to HDL Spheres: Effects of HDL Particle Remodeling on Cholesterol Efflux.
Rapid Auxin-Mediated Cell Expansion.
Molecular Mechanism of ISC Iron-Sulfur Cluster Biogenesis Revealed by High-Resolution Native Mass Spectrometry.
Multifunctional Detection of Extracellular Vesicles with Surface Plasmon Resonance Microscopy.
The role of bilirubin to albumin ratio as a predictor for mortality in critically ill patients without existing liver or biliary tract disease.
Mechanism of Anti-Cancer Activity of Curcumin on Androgen-Dependent and Androgen-Independent Prostate Cancer.
Influence of the Menstrual Cycle on Blood Markers of Muscle Damage and Inflammation Following Eccentric Exercise.
Cordycepin Resensitizes T24R2 Cisplatin-Resistant Human Bladder Cancer Cells to Cisplatin by Inactivating Ets-1 Dependent MDR1 Transcription.
Doxorubicin-Loaded Human Serum Albumin Submicron Particles: Preparation, Characterization and In Vitro Cellular Uptake.
An Improved Synthesis of Key Intermediate to the Formation of Selected Indolin-2-Ones Derivatives Incorporating Ultrasound and Deep Eutectic Solven...
Combined Effect of Midazolam and Bone Morphogenetic Protein-2 for Differentiation Induction from C2C12 Myoblast Cells to Osteoblasts.
Nanoparticle-Mediated Therapeutic Application for Modulation of Lysosomal Ion Channels and Functions.
Why Does the Halophyte Mesembryanthemum crystallinum Better Tolerate Ni Toxicity than Brassica juncea: Implication of Antioxidant Defense Systems.
Unique Triterpenoid of Jujube Root Protects Cisplatin-induced Damage in Kidney Epithelial LLC-PK1 Cells via Autophagy Regulation.
In Vitro MCF-7 Cells Apoptosis Analysis of Carboplatin Loaded Silk Fibroin Particles.
Development of PCR-Based Detection System for Soft Rot Pectobacteriaceae Pathogens Using Molecular Signatures.
Biliverdin Reductase A (BVRA) Knockout in Adipocytes Induces Hypertrophy and Reduces Mitochondria in White Fat of Obese Mice.
Non-Thermal Plasma Induces Antileukemic Effect Through mTOR Ubiquitination.
Ginseng Gintonin Attenuates Lead-Induced Rat Cerebellar Impairments during Gestation and Lactation.
Phytopharmacological Strategies in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
C. quinoa and S. hispanica L. Seeds Provide Immunonutritional Agonists to Selectively Polarize Macrophages.
Type III Secretion Effectors with Arginine N-Glycosyltransferase Activity.
The Quest for Cellular Prion Protein Functions in the Aged and Neurodegenerating Brain.
The Course Of IGF-1 Levels and Nutrient Intake in Extremely and Very Preterm Infants During Hospitalisation.
Influence of Protein Type on the Antimicrobial Activity of LAE Alone or in Combination with Methylparaben.
PEGylated Thermo-Sensitive Bionic Magnetic Core-Shell Structure Molecularly Imprinted Polymers Based on Halloysite Nanotubes for Specific Adsorptio...
Analysis and Simulation of Glioblastoma Cell Lines-Derived Extracellular Vesicles Metabolome.
Identification of the Molecular Mechanisms of Peimine in the Treatment of Cough Using Computational Target Fishing.
Impact of Extending Hard-Cheese Ripening: A Multiparameter Characterization of Parmigiano Reggiano Cheese Ripened up to 50 Months.
WNK1 Kinase Stimulates Angiogenesis to Promote Tumor Growth and Metastasis.
New Insights into Evolution of Plant Heat Shock Factors (Hsfs) and Expression Analysis of Tea Genes in Response to Abiotic Stresses.
Targeting Mitochondrial Apoptosis to Overcome Treatment Resistance in Cancer.
Changes in BMP-2 expression and mechanical properties during treatment of rats with osteoporotic hindlimb fracture with strontium ranelate.
Time course changes in AQP4 expression patterns in progressive skeletal muscle atrophy during the early stage of denervation.
An Optimization of AAV-82Q-Delivered Rat Model of Huntington \ \'  s Disease.
Delayed administration of recombinant plasma gelsolin improves survival in a murine model of severe influenza.
Flagellin-Stimulated Production of Interferon-β Promotes Anti-Flagellin IgG2c and IgA Responses.
Comparative Proteomic Analyses of the Liver in D-Galactosamine-Sensitized Mice Treated with Different Toll-Like Receptor Agonists.
Carotid Intima-Media Thickness is a Predictor of Subclinical Myocardial Damage in Men with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Organic phase separation opens up new opportunities to interrogate the RNA-binding proteome.
The development of advanced structural framework as multi-target-directed ligands for the treatment of Alzheimer \ \'  s disease.
The protective effect of metformin on mitochondrial dysfunction and endoplasmic reticulum stress in diabetic mice brain.
Circular RNA 0060428 sponges miR-375 to promote osteosarcoma cell proliferation by upregulating the expression of RPBJ.
Complete genome sequence and comparative genomic analysis of hyper-aerotolerant Campylobacter lari strain SCHS02 isolated from duck for its potenti...
Molecular and immunological characterizations of interleukin-11 in large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea).
TEMPORARY REMOVAL: The effect of lipidation and glycosylation on short cationic antimicrobial peptide.
The Therapeutic Landscape of Renal Cell Carcinoma: From the Dark Age to the Golden Age.
Molecular Components of the RCC Grade.
Methyl TROSY spectroscopy: A versatile NMR approach to study challenging biological systems.
Club Cell TRPV4 Serves as a Damage Sensor Driving Lung Allergic Inflammation.
The Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease Amyloid-Beta Hypothesis in Cardiovascular Aging and\xa0Disease: JACC Focus Seminar.
PP2AC Phospho-Tyr307 Antibodies Are Not Specific for this Modification but Are Sensitive to Other PP2AC Modifications Including Leu309 Methylation.
Challenges and Reinterpretation of Antibody-Based Research on Phosphorylation of Tyr307 on PP2Ac.
Wss1 Promotes Replication Stress Tolerance by Degrading Histones.
Gastrointestinal Neurons Expressing HCN4 Regulate Retrograde Peristalsis.
Early B Cell Factor Activity Controls Developmental and Adaptive Thermogenic Gene Programming in Adipocytes.
Regulated Proteolysis of MutSγ Controls Meiotic Crossing Over.
A Structural Understanding of Class B GPCR Selectivity and Activation Revealed.
How CBP/Shank3 Guards Rap and H-Ras.
AMPK and TOR: The Yin and Yang of Cellular Nutrient Sensing and Growth Control.
Modulation of Toroidal Proteins Dynamics in Favor of Functional Mechanisms upon Ligand Binding.
Dynamics of Co-translational Membrane Protein Integration and Translocation via the Sec Translocon.
Adjustable Bioorthogonal Conjugation Platform for Protein Studies in Live Cells Based on Artificial Compartments.
Long noncoding RNA UCA1 promotes cell growth, migration, and invasion by targeting miR-143-3p in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Development and validation of hub genes for lymph node metastasis in patients with prostate cancer.
Systematic and Comparative Evaluation of Software Programs for Template-Based Modeling of Protein Structures.
Long non-coding RNA LOC100133669 promotes cell proliferation in oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Comparative and population genomics approaches reveal the basis of adaptation to deserts in a small rodent.
Diagnostic deep-targeted next-generation sequencing assessment of TP53 gene mutations in multiple myeloma from the whole bone marrow.
Effects of Temperature and Nutrient Supply on Resource Allocation, Photosynthetic Strategy, and Metabolic Rates of Synechococcus sp.
Polycomb group RING finger protein 5 influences several developmental signaling pathways during the in vitro differentiation of mouse embryonic ste...
Association between C-reactive protein and mood disorder in a representative sample of the Canadian population: analysis of CHMS data 2013-2014.
Hydrogen Sulfide Metabolism and Signaling in the Tumor Microenvironment.
PRDX2 plays an oncogenic role in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma via Wnt/β-catenin and AKT pathways.
PSD-93 Interacts with SynGAP and Promotes SynGAP Ubiquitination and Ischemic Brain Injury in Mice.
Effect of Bariatric Surgery on Diagnosed Chronic Kidney Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Patients with Insulin-treated Type 2 Diabetes: a Retro...
Interaction between piperine and genes associated with sciatica and its mechanism based on molecular docking technology and network pharmacology.
AtDRO1 is nuclear localized in root tips under native conditions and impacts auxin localization.
Bidentate Schiff Base Ligands Appended Metal(II) Complexes as Probes of DNA and Plasma Protein: In Silico Molecular Modelling Studies.
Potential of residual fungal biomass: a review.
Osteosarcopenia: the Path Beyond Controversy.
Acidic residues of extracellular loop 3 of the Na+/H+ exchanger type 1 are important in cation transport.
Multifunctional ENY2 Protein Interacts with RNA Helicase MLE.
Proteins of the Vesicular Cycle as a Marker of Neuroplasticity of Dopaminergic Neurons in the Substantia Nigra of the Brain.
Recombinant Analogue of the Human Protein SLURP-1 Inhibits the Growth of Multicellular Spheroids Reconstructed from Carcinoma Cells.
Resistance of THP-1 Leukemia Cells Infected with Cytomegalovirus to Anti-tumor Antibiotic Doxorubicin and Restoration of the Sensitivity by Inhibit...
Ascorbate Peroxidase of Moss Dicranum scoparium: Gene Identification and Enzyme Activity.
Histone Tails Promote PARP1-Dependent Structural Rearrangements in Nucleosomes.
Role of Oxidation of XRCC1 Protein in Regulation of Mammalian DNA Repair Process.
New Method of Integrated Photofluorescence Microbiotesting.
Dysregulations of mitochondrial quality control and autophagic flux at an early age lead to progression of sarcopenia in SAMP8 mice.
WISP1 and TLR4 on Macrophages Contribute to Ventilator-Induced Lung Injury.
Effects of Sevoflurane Exposure During Late Pregnancy on Brain Development and Beneficial Effects of Enriched Environment on Offspring Cognition.
Enhancement of biochemical aspects of lipase adsorbed on halloysite nanotubes and entrapped in a polyvinyl alcohol/alginate hydrogel: strategies to...
High glucose concentration produces a short-term increase in pERK1/2 and p85 proteins, having a direct angiogenetic effect by an action similar to ...
Negative effects of a low-quality protein diet on wound healing via modulation of the MMP2 activity in rats.
Moringa Oleifera Oil Modulates Rumen Microflora to Mediate In Vitro Fermentation Kinetics and Methanogenesis in Total Mix Rations.
[Multiple myeloma in old people : Practical skills for geriatricians and general practitioners].
Human genetics and malaria resistance.
Fatty acid-binding proteins in Echinococcus spp.: the family has grown.
Effects of 21\xa0days of bed rest and whey protein supplementation on plantar flexor muscle fatigue resistance during repeated shortening contractions.
Natural and engineered promoters for gene expression in Lactobacillus species.
Large-scale manufacture of VP2 VLP vaccine against porcine parvovirus in Escherichia coli with high-density fermentation.
Quantification of the dynamics of population heterogeneities in CHO cultures with stably integrated fluorescent markers.
Ifenprodil rapidly ameliorates depressive-like behaviors, activates mTOR signaling and modulates proinflammatory cytokines in the hippocampus of CU...
Emodin alleviated pulmonary inflammation in rats with LPS-induced acute lung injury through inhibiting the mTOR/HIF-1α/VEGF signaling pathway.
USP22 promotes IRF3 nuclear translocation and antiviral responses by deubiquitinating the importin protein KPNA2.
Progression of AITL-like tumors in mice is driven by Tfh signature proteins and T-B cross talk.
Human acute Chagas disease: changes in factor VII, activated protein C and hepatic enzymes from patients of oral outbreaks in Pará State (Brazilian...
Glycogen synthase kinase 3ß participates in late stages of Dengue virus-2 infection.
Expression of NLRP3 inflammasome in leprosy indicates immune evasion of Mycobacterium leprae.
A new gene inventory of the ubiquitin and ubiquitin-like conjugation pathways in Giardia intestinalis.
Methylophiopogonanone A, an Ophiopogon homoisoflavonoid, alleviates high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia: assessment of its potential mechanism.
Isolates of Bacillus thuringiensis from Maranhão biomes with potential insecticidal action against Aedes aegypti larvae (Diptera, Culicidae).
Host-glycan metabolism\xa0is regulated by a\xa0species-conserved two-component system in Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Biochemical recovery from exertional heat stroke follows a 16-day time course.
Inhibition of the oligosaccharyl transferase in Caenorhabditis elegans that compromises ER proteostasis suppresses p38-dependent protection against...
Murine cytomegalovirus infection exacerbates complex IV deficiency in a model of mitochondrial disease.
Striated myocyte structural integrity: Automated analysis of sarcomeric z-discs.
Integrated analysis of mRNA and protein expression profiling in tubal endometriosis.
Copper promotes sheep pancreatic duct organoid growth by activation of an antioxidant protein 1-dependent MEK-ERK pathway.
Conjunction junction, what \ \'  s the function? CCN proteins as targets in fibrosis and cancers.
IL-4/IL-13 upregulates Sonic hedgehog expression to induce allergic airway epithelial remodeling.
ADAM17 protects against elastase-induced emphysema by suppressing CD62L+ leukocyte infiltration in mice.
Phenotype transitions induced by mechanical stimuli in airway smooth muscle are regulated by differential interactions of parvin isoforms with paxi...
Effects of Pre and Postnatal Protein Restriction on Maternal and Offspring Metabolism in the Nonhuman Primate.
Chemical sympathectomy reduces peripheral inflammatory responses to acute and chronic sleep fragmentation.
Genomic Insight into Natural Inactivation of Shiga Toxin 2 Production in an Environmental Escherichia coli Strain Producing Shiga Toxin 1.
Arginine-Terminated Nanoparticles of &lt;10 nm Size for Direct Membrane Penetration and Protein Delivery for Straight Access to Cytosol and Nucleus.
Theoretical Study on the Effect of Environment on Excitation Energy Transfer in Photosynthetic Light-Harvesting Systems.
Effect of Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease Causative and Protective Mutations on the Hydration Environment of Amyloid-β.
Orientation-Inspired Perspective on Molecular Inhibitor of Tau Aggregation by Curcumin Conjugated with Ruthenium(II) Complex Scaffold.
Characterization of the Human KCNQ1 Voltage Sensing Domain (VSD) in Lipodisq Nanoparticles for Electron Paramagnetic Resonance (EPR) Spectroscopic ...
Discovery of CRBN E3 Ligase Modulator CC-92480 for the Treatment of Relapsed and Refractory Multiple Myeloma.
Agonist-Specific Conformations of the M2 Muscarinic Acetylcholine Receptor Assessed by Molecular Dynamics.
Automated Backbone NMR Resonance Assignment of Large Proteins Using Redundant Linking from a Single Simultaneous Acquisition.
Comprehensive Evaluation of a Quantitative Shotgun Lipidomics Platform for Mammalian Sample Analysis on a High-Resolution Mass Spectrometer.
Mechanism Underlying p-Coumaric Acid Alleviation of Lipid Accumulation in Palmitic Acid-Treated Human Hepatoma Cells.
Defective Strand-Displacement DNA Synthesis Due to Accumulation of Thymidine Analogue Resistance Mutations in HIV-2 Reverse Transcriptase.
Revised Structure of Anthelvencin A and Characterization of the Anthelvencin Biosynthetic Gene Cluster.
Potent USP10/13 antagonist spautin-1 suppresses melanoma growth via ROS-mediated DNA damage and exhibits synergy with cisplatin.
The rationale and toxicity of combined cranial radiotherapy and immune checkpoint inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer.
Automated sample preparation with SP3 for low-input clinical proteomics.
Staying in touch with the endocytic network: The importance of contacts for cholesterol transport.
The S. mutans mntE gene encodes a manganese efflux transporter.
SPIB promotes anoikis resistance via elevated autolysosomal process in lung cancer cells.
Rapid changes in the ATG5-ATG16L1 complex following nutrient deprivation measured using NanoLuc Binary Technology (NanoBIT).
First evidence of bovine immunodeficiency virus infection in Mexican cattle.
A lamin-like protein OsNMCP1 regulates drought resistance and root growth through chromatin accessibility modulation by interacting with a chromati...
Root-knot nematodes induce gall formation by recruiting developmental pathways of post-embryonic organogenesis and regeneration to promote transien...
Cytokinin-induced protein synthesis suppresses growth and osmotic stress tolerance.
Risk stratification of prostate cancer through quantitative assessment of PTEN loss (qPTEN).
Population pharmacokinetics of ceftriaxone administered as continuous or intermittent infusion in critically ill patients.
Genomic diversity of SARS-CoV-2 in Coronavirus Disease 2019 patients.
Exaggerated mitophagy: a weapon of striatal destruction in the brain?
Scratching the surface: native mass spectrometry of peripheral membrane protein complexes.
How an unusual chemosensory system forms arrays on the bacterial nucleoid.
CBL-CIPK module-mediated phosphoregulation: facts and hypothesis.
USP16 counteracts mono-ubiquitination of RPS27a and promotes maturation of the 40S ribosomal subunit.
ARL13B regulates Sonic hedgehog signaling from outside primary cilia.
[The Fe-S protein NfuA, a new key player in the virulence of Pseudomonas aeruginosa].
[SMA: from gene discovery to gene therapy].
[A lipid exchange market : vectorial cholesterol transport by the protein OSBP].
Exercise and inflammation in coronary artery disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials.
Reverse engineering forces responsible for dynamic clustering and spreading of multiple nuclei in developing muscle cells.
Wnt Regulation: Exploring Axin-Disheveled interactions and defining mechanisms by which the SCF E3 ubiquitin ligase is recruited to the destruction...
Abundances of transcripts, proteins, and metabolites in the cell cycle of budding yeast reveal coordinate control of lipid metabolism.
Phosphorylation of multiple proteins involved in ciliogenesis by Tau Tubulin kinase 2.
The role of long non-coding RNAs in mediating chemoresistance by modulating autophagy in cancer.
Combined freezing-thawing pretreatment and microbial electrolysis cell for enhancement of highly concentrated organics degradation from dewatered s...
Evaluation of in\xa0vitro absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion and assessment of drug-drug interaction of rucaparib, an orally potent p...
Lymphatic blood filling in CLEC-2-deficient mouse models.
Effect of embryo vitrification on the expression of brain tissue proteins in mouse offspring.
Dietary Iron Intake and Availability in Hill Tribe and Urban Women, Chiang Rai Province, Northern Thailand.
Multifractal Properties of BK Channel Currents in Human Glioblastoma Cells.
Structural Biology in the Multi-Omics Era.
Pt(II) versus Pt(IV) in Carbene Glycoconjugate Antitumor Agents: Minimal Structural Variations and Great Performance Changes.
Insight into Heterogeneous Distribution of Protein Aggregates at the Surface Layer Using Attenuated Total Reflection-Fourier Transform Infrared Spe...
Molecular Target Validation of Aspartate Transcarbamoylase from Plasmodium falciparum by Torin 2.
Improving Mechanical Properties and Biocompatibilities by Highly Oriented Long Chain Branching Poly(lactic acid) with Bionic Surface Structures.
Neuroinflammatory Gene Expression Alterations in Anterior Cingulate Cortical White and Gray Matter of Males With Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Mutual regulation between butyrate and hypoxia-inducible factor-1α in epithelial cell promotes expression of tight junction proteins.
Chitinase10 controls chitin amounts and organization in the wing cuticle of Drosophila.
Inflammatory markers in saliva for diagnosis of sepsis of hospitalizes patients.
The CD151-midkine pathway regulates the immune microenvironment in inflammatory breast cancer.
CAMERS-B: CRISPR/Cpf1 assisted multiple-genes editing and regulation system for Bacillus subtilis.
Antibody humanization-the Influence of the antibody framework on the CDR-H3 loop ensemble in solution.
OsOASTL-A1 functions as a cytosolic cysteine synthase and affects arsenic tolerance in rice.
Nobiletin exerts anti-diabetic and anti-inflammatory effects in an in vitro human model and in vivo murine model of gestational diabetes.
Hypoxia-induced small extracellular vesicle proteins regulate proinflammatory cytokines and systemic blood pressure in pregnant rats.
Influences of niobium pentoxide on roughness, hydrophilicity, surface energy and protein absorption, and cellular responses to PEEK based composite...
Bioactive multiple-bent MWCNTs for sensitive and reliable electrochemical detection of picomolar-level C-reactive proteins.
Exploring exchange processes in proteins by paramagnetic perturbation of NMR spectra.
Nanoparticles with surface features of dendritic oligopeptides as potential oral drug delivery systems.
Creation of glycoprotein imprinted self-assembled monolayers with dynamic boronate recognition sites and imprinted cavities for selective glycoprot...
Enhancing the physicochemical stability and digestibility of DHA emulsions by encapsulation of DHA droplets in caseinate/alginate honeycomb-shaped ...
Synergistic neuroprotective effect of schisandrin and nootkatone on regulating inflammation, apoptosis and autophagy via the PI3K/AKT pathway.
Nanoparticles based on carboxymethylcellulose-modified rice protein for efficient delivery of lutein.
Enzymatic preparation of a low-molecular-weight polysaccharide rich in uronic acid from the seaweed Laminaria japonica and evaluation of its hypoli...
Study of the relationship between urinary level of uromodulin, renal involvement and disease activity in patients with systemic lupus erythrematosus.
Evaluation of safety and efficacy profile of Nigella sativa oil as an add-on therapy, in addition to alpha-keto analogue of essential amino acids i...
Insilico and In Vitro Study: COX-2 Inhibition by Ethanol Extract of Dayak Onion Bulb (Eleutherine americana Merr) as Treatment Innovation of Benign...
An efficient method for recombinant production of human alpha synuclein in Escherichia coli using thioredoxin as a fusion partner.
MiR-384 Inhibits Malignant Biological Behavior Such as Proliferation and Invasion of Osteosarcoma by Regulating IGFBP3.
Structural dynamics of inosine triphosphate pyrophosphatase (ITPA) protein and two clinically relevant mutants: molecular dynamics simulations.
Prognosis Evaluation Using 18F-Alfatide II PET in a Rat Model of Spinal Cord Injury Treated With Estrogen.
Post-chemotherapy cognitive impairment in hematological patients: current understanding of chemobrain in hematology.
Association analysis of potentially functional variants within 8p12 with schizophrenia in the Han Chinese population.
The role of xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes in the placenta: a growing research field.
The safety and efficacy of pembrolizumab for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer.
Larotrectinib, a selective tropomyosin receptor kinase inhibitor for adult and pediatric tropomyosin receptor kinase fusion cancers.
Nitidine Chloride Is a Potential Alternative Therapy for Glioma Through Inducing Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Alleviating Epithelial-Mesenchyma...
Development of an Algorithm to Predict Mortality in Patients With Sepsis and Coagulopathy.
The effect of epigallocatechin-3-gallate on morphine-induced memory impairments in rat: EGCG effects on morphine neurotoxicity.
Cyclophosphamide induces a significant increase in iron content in the liver and spleen of mice.
Urine Proteomics: Evaluation of Different Sample Preparation Workflows for Quantitative, Reproducible, and Improved Depth of Analysis.
Together We Are Stronger: Protein Clustering at the Nanoscale.
Extracellular Matrix Production by Mesenchymal Stromal Cells in Hydrogels Facilitates Cell Spreading and Is Inhibited by FGF-2.
Maintaining protein stability of ∆Np63 via USP28 is required by squamous cancer cells.
Effects of a carbohydrate-restricted diet on hepatic lipid content in adolescents with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A pilot, randomized trial.
Transcription and splicing: A two-way street.
A glutathione S-transferase (BdGSTd9) participates in malathion resistance via directly depleting malathion and its toxic oxide malaoxon in Bactroc...
Heat-Shock protein A12A is a novel PCNA-binding protein and promotes hepatocellular carcinoma growth.
Conformational flexibility of coenzyme A and its impact on the post-translational modification of acyl carrier proteins by 4 \ \'  -phosphopantetheinyl t...
Semi-Rationally Designed Short Peptides Self-Assemble and Bind Hemin to Promote Cyclopropanation.
BK polyomavirus diversity-Why viral variation matters.
How Ligand Binding Affects the Dynamical Transition Temperature in Proteins.
Phosphatidic acid directly binds with rice potassium channel OsAKT2 to inhibit its activity.
Long noncoding RNA LINC00324 exerts protumorigenic effects on liver cancer stem cells by upregulating fas ligand via PU box binding protein.
A case of disseminated microscopic demyelination with multifocal dystrophic calcification.
Modular AND Gate Controlled Delivery Platform for Tumor Microenvironment Specific Activation of Protein Activity.
HSP105 expression in oral squamous cell carcinoma: Correlation with clinicopathological features and outcomes.
Histamine receptors mediate contraction of reticular groove smooth muscle of adult goats.
The effects of sex, body length, and different habitats on the serum protein electrophoresis of the broad-snouted caiman (Caiman latirostris).
A SNARE geranylgeranyltransferase essential for the organization of the Golgi apparatus.
LINC00174 is an oncogenic lncRNA of hepatocellular carcinoma and regulates miR-320/S100A10 axis.
YAP/TAZ: Drivers of Tumor Growth, Metastasis, and Resistance to Therapy.
Secreted stromal protein ISLR promotes intestinal regeneration by suppressing epithelial Hippo signaling.
BRUP-1, an intracellular bilirubin modulator, exerts neuroprotective activity in a cellular Parkinson \ \'  s disease model.
Ongoing role for starches in anaesthesia.
[Clinical practice guidelines for Rett syndrome].
The radio-protective effect of rosmarinic acid against mobile phone and Wi-Fi radiation-induced oxidative stress in the brains of rats.
Resistance to Chilo infuscatellus (Lepidoptera: Pyraloidea) in transgenic lines of sugarcane expressing Bacillus thuringiensis derived Vip3A protein.
Pharmacological inhibition of soluble epoxide hydrolase attenuates chronic experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis by modulating inflammatory and...
Analysis of Cadmium, Epigallocatechin Gallate, and Vitamin C Co-exposure on PC12 Cellular Mechanisms.
Molecular Diagnosis of Cystic Neoplasms of the Pancreas: a Review.
Benefit of Dietary Supplementation with Bacillus subtilis BYS2 on Growth Performance, Immune Response, and Disease Resistance of Broilers.
Expression and regulation of Smad2 by gonadotropins in the protogynous hermaphroditic ricefield eel (Monopterus albus).
Comprehensive online multicolumn two-dimensional liquid chromatography-diode array detection-mass spectrometry workflow as a framework for chromato...
Polypropylene capillary-channeled polymer fiber column as the second dimension in a comprehensive two-dimensional RP × RP analysis of a mixture of ...
Genome-wide analyses of banana fasciclin-like AGP genes and their differential expression under low-temperature stress in chilling sensitive and to...
Molecular genetics of leaf rust resistance in wheat and barley.
Genetic diversity of strawberry mild yellow edge virus from eastern Canada.
Chemosensory function is decreased in rheumatoid arthritis.
Changes in morphogenesis and carotenogenesis to influence polygalacturonase secretion in Aspergillus carbonarius mutant.
Apelin/APJ system: an emerging therapeutic target for respiratory diseases.
MKL1 deficiency results in a severe neutrophil motility defect due to impaired actin polymerization.
Translational read-through promotes aggregation and shapes stop codon identity.
Structure specific recognition of telomeric repeats containing RNA by the RGG-box of hnRNPA1.
SV40 T antigen interactions with ssDNA and replication protein A: a regulatory role of T antigen monomers in lagging strand DNA replication.
Factor VIII exhibits chaperone-dependent and glucose-regulated reversible amyloid formation in the endoplasmic reticulum.
INSM1 Is a Highly Specific Marker of Neuroendocrine Differentiation in Primary Neoplasms of the Gastrointestinal Tract, Appendix, and Pancreas.
Incorporation of a unified protein abundance dataset into the Saccharomyces genome database.
Collagen matrices: opportunities and perspectives in oral hard and soft tissue regeneration.
High-protein diets increase cardiovascular risk by activating macrophage mTOR to suppress mitophagy.
Successful treatment with rivaroxaban of an extended deep vein thrombosis complicated by pulmonary embolism in a patient with familial antithrombin...
Lomitapide treatment in a female with homozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia: a case report.
Differential role of MAX2 and strigolactones in pathogen, ozone, and stomatal responses.
Single nucleotide alterations in MicroRNAs and human cancer-A not fully explored field.
Angiogenic peptide hydrogels for treatment of traumatic brain injury.
Singlet-filtered NMR spectroscopy.
Sustained IFN-I stimulation impairs MAIT cell responses to bacteria by inducing IL-10 during chronic HIV-1 infection.
Multiple lipid binding sites determine the affinity of PH domains for phosphoinositide-containing membranes.
Light-induced control of protein destruction by opto-PROTAC.
PHOTACs enable optical control of protein degradation.
IRE1α kinase-mediated unconventional protein secretion rescues misfolded CFTR and pendrin.
Stitching the synapse: Cross-linking mass spectrometry into resolving synaptic protein interactions.
Interfering MSN-NONO complex-activated CREB signaling serves as a therapeutic strategy for triple-negative breast cancer.
The PERK Inhibitor GSK2606414 Enhances Reovirus Infection in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma via an ATF4-Dependent Mechanism.
Evaluation of the post-treatment anti-inflammatory capacity of osteoarthritic chondrocytes: An in\xa0vitro study using baicalein.
Rapid Delivery of Nanobodies/VHHs into Living Cells via Expressing In\xa0Vitro-Transcribed mRNA.
A DNA Vaccine That Encodes an Antigen-Presenting Cell-Specific Heterodimeric Protein Protects against Cancer and Influenza.
A 40-Month Follow-Up of Ebola Virus Disease Survivors in Guinea (PostEbogui) Reveals Long-Term Detection of Ebola Viral Ribonucleic Acid in Semen a...
Haemato-biochemical changes and prevalence of parasitic infections of indigenous chicken sold in markets of Kiambu County, Kenya.
Bioprospecting endophytic fungi from Fusarium genus as sources of bioactive metabolites.
Silencing MYH9 blocks HBx-induced GSK3β ubiquitination and degradation to inhibit tumor stemness in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Potential targeted therapy and diagnosis based on novel insight into growth factors, receptors, and downstream effectors in acute kidney injury and...
Modified mRNA/lipid nanoparticle-based vaccines expressing respiratory syncytial virus F protein variants are immunogenic and protective in rodent ...
Structural and functional insight into the effect of AFF4 dimerization on activation of HIV-1 proviral transcription.
Successful management of chylous ascites after pancreatoduodenectomy using etilefrine: a case report.
Case report of an exercise training and nutritional intervention plan in a patient with A350P mutation in DES gene.
Changes in levels of enzymes and osmotic adjustment compounds in key species and their relevance to vegetation succession in abandoned croplands of...
Reciprocal transplantation of the heterotrophic coral Tubastraea coccinea (Scleractinia: Dendrophylliidae) between distinct habitats did not alter ...
The relationship between obstructive sleep apnoea and quality of life in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a cross-sectional study.
Range-wide neutral and adaptive genetic structure of an endemic herb from Amazonian Savannas.
Eupafolin ameliorates lipopolysaccharide-induced cardiomyocyte autophagy via PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway.
Protein expression changes of HCN1 and HCN2 in hippocampal subregions of gerbils during the normal aging process.
Protection of BALB/c mice against pathogenic Brucella abortus and Brucella melitensis by vaccination with recombinant Omp16.
WDR7 up-regulation upon knocking down of neighboring non-coding RNA using siRNAs encapsulated in polyamidoamine dendrimers.
Akt inhibitor deguelin aggravates inflammation and fibrosis in myocarditis.
Subpopulations of extracellular vesicles from human metastatic melanoma tissue identified by quantitative proteomics after optimized isolation.
Exosomes derived from HeLa cells break down vascular integrity by triggering endoplasmic reticulum stress in endothelial cells.
Identification of rare variants in novel candidate genes in pulmonary atresia patients by next generation sequencing.
Characteristics of pneumonia with negative chest radiography in cases confirmed by computed tomography.
IgE allergy diagnostics and other relevant tests in allergy, a World Allergy Organization position paper.
Atherosclerosis Prediction with High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs-CRP) and Related Risk Factor in Patient with Dyslipidemia.
The Role of Coconut Oil to Increase Expression of MMP-9, PDGF-BB, and TGF-β1 in NIH-3T3 Cell Line.
Weighted gene co-expression network analysis identified MYL9 and CNN1 are associated with recurrence in colorectal cancer.
Inhibiting EMT, stemness and cell cycle involved in baicalin-induced growth inhibition and apoptosis in colorectal cancer cells.
The role of YWHAZ in cancer: A maze of opportunities and challenges.
Therapeutic Rationale to Target Highly Expressed Aurora kinase A Conferring Poor Prognosis in Cholangiocarcinoma.
Visualization of gene therapy with a liver cancer-targeted adeno-associated virus 3 vector.
Bioinformatics analysis and identification of potential genes related to pathogenesis of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia.
Apigenin and Abivertinib, a novel BTK inhibitor synergize to inhibit diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in vivo and vitro.
MRPS16 facilitates tumor progression via the PI3K/AKT/Snail signaling axis.
Glypican-3: A New Target for Diagnosis and Treatment of Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Complete genome of Enterobacter sichuanensis strain SGAir0282 isolated from air in Singapore.
Feasibility study of on-site solid-state enzyme production by Aspergillus oryzae.
Protein-based biorefining driven by nitrogen-responsive transcriptional machinery.
IGFBP5 increases cell invasion and inhibits cell proliferation by EMT and Akt signaling pathway in Glioblastoma multiforme cells.
C - reactive protein and urinary tract infection due to Gram-negative bacteria in a pediatric population at a tertiary hospital, Mwanza, Tanzania.
Adequacy of macro and micronutrients in infants and young children \ \'  s diets in Zanzibar, Tanzania.
Impact of aerobic versus resisted exercise training on systemic inflammation biomarkers and quality of Life among obese post-menopausal women.
Association between the UBE2Z rs46522 and TCF7L2 rs7903146 polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes in south western Iran.
Genetic polymorphism of Merozoite Surface Protein 1 (msp1) and 2 (msp2) genes and multiplicity of Plasmodium falciparum infection across various en...
C - reactive protein of cerebrospinal fluid, as a sensitive approach for diagnosis of neonatal meningitis.
An Integrated Analysis of mRNA and lncRNA Expression Profiles Indicates Their Potential Contribution to Brown Fat Dysfunction With Aging.
MiR-142-5p Protects Against 6-OHDA-Induced SH-SY5Y Cell Injury by Downregulating BECN1 and Autophagy.
The different expression of glycogen phosphorylases in renal clear cell renal carcinoma and chromophobe renal carcinoma.
The role of SOCS3 in the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus in rat model of inflammatory pain.
Novel marine Nocardiopsis dassonvillei-DS013 mediated silver nanoparticles characterization and its bactericidal potential against clinical isolates.
Proteomics approach and techniques in identification of reliable biomarkers for diseases.
Attenuated measles vaccine strain have potent oncolytic activity against Iraqi patient derived breast cancer cell line.
Role of cannabis in inflammatory bowel diseases.
Dairy pastoralism sustained eastern Eurasian steppe populations for 5,000 years.
Deleting key autophagy elongation proteins induces acquirement of tumor-associated phenotypes via ISG15.
Particulate mediators of the bystander effect linked to suicide and interferon-β transgene expression in melanoma cells.
Author Correction: Octa-repeat domain of the mammalian prion protein mRNA forms stable A-helical hairpin structure rather than G-quadruplexes.
The CUL4B-miR-372/373-PIK3CA-AKT axis regulates metastasis in bladder cancer.
pH-responsive high stability polymeric nanoparticles for targeted delivery of anticancer therapeutics.
Applicability of common inflammatory markers in diagnosing infections in early period after liver transplantation in intensive care setting.
Epigenetic silencing of heat shock protein 70 through DNA hypermethylation in pseudoexfoliation syndrome and glaucoma.
A novel biallelic single base insertion in WNK1 in a Pakistani family with congenital insensitivity to pain.
Identification of a combination of transcription factors that synergistically increases endothelial cell barrier resistance.
Proteinuria is Associated with Urinary Loss of Cubilin and Vitamin D-Binding Protein in Patients with Preeclampsia.
Expanded inverted repeat region with large scale inversion in the first complete plastid genome sequence of Plantago ovata.
Neural maturation enhanced by exercise-induced extracellular derivatives.
G-protein signaling is required for increasing germline stem cell division frequency in response to mating in Drosophila males.
Novel roles of PRK1 and PRK2 in cilia and cancer biology.
Modification of an Anopheles gambiae odorant binding protein to create an array of chemical sensors for detection of drugs.
Microarray analyses reveal strain-specific antibody responses to Plasmodium falciparum apical membrane antigen 1 variants following natural infecti...
Nutrients, minerals, antioxidant pigments and phytochemicals, and antioxidant capacity of the leaves of stem amaranth.
Distribution of Candidatus Liberibacter species in Eastern Africa, and the First Report of Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus in Kenya.
Genome-wide analysis of the HSP101/CLPB gene family for heat tolerance in hexaploid wheat.
The mTOR pathway is necessary for survival of mice with short telomeres.
Retinal ganglion cell loss in kinesin-1 cargo Alcadein α deficient mice.
MYC-regulated pseudogene HMGA1P6 promotes ovarian cancer malignancy via augmenting the oncogenic HMGA1/2.
Hypoxia-induced lncRNA PDIA3P1 promotes mesenchymal transition via sponging of miR-124-3p in glioma.
FGF9 and FGF10 activate distinct signaling pathways to direct lung epithelial specification and branching.
An improved Boosting to Amplify Signal with Isobaric Labeling (iBASIL) strategy for precise quantitative single-cell proteomics.
Plasmodium chaperonin TRiC/CCT identified as a target of the antihistamine clemastine using parallel chemoproteomic strategy.
Frameshifting preserves key physicochemical properties of proteins.
Composition-based prediction and rational manipulation of prion-like domain recruitment to stress granules.
The functional activity of E-cadherin controls tumor cell metastasis at multiple steps.
The atomistic level structure for the activated human κ-opioid receptor bound to the full Gi protein and the MP1104 agonist.
Abrogation of prenucleation, transient oligomerization of the Huntingtin exon 1 protein by human profilin I.
Anti-KIT DNA Aptamer for Targeted Labeling of Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor.
The HIV-1 Accessory Protein Vpu Downregulates Peroxisome Biogenesis.
A Polar Flagellar Transcriptional Program Mediated by Diverse Two-Component Signal Transduction Systems and Basal Flagellar Proteins Is Broadly Con...
Robustness in an Ultrasensitive Motor.
Diversity and Complexity of the Large Surface Protein Family in the Compacted Genomes of Multiple Pneumocystis Species.
Direct Observation of the Dynamics of Single-Cell Metabolic Activity during Microbial Diauxic Growth.
Collaborative Cross Mice Yield Genetic Modifiers for Pseudomonas aeruginosa Infection in Human Lung Disease.
Host Mucin Is Exploited by Pseudomonas aeruginosa To Provide Monosaccharides Required for a Successful Infection.
Discovering Lipid Droplet Proteins: From Seeds to Seedlings.
Systematic Localization of Escherichia coli Membrane Proteins.
Genome-wide, integrative analysis of circular RNA dysregulation and the corresponding circular RNA-microRNA-mRNA regulatory axes in autism.
Accumulation of Globotriaosylceramide in Podocytes in Fabry Nephropathy Is Associated with Progressive Podocyte Loss.
A Novel GPER Antagonist Protects Against the Formation of Estrogen-Induced Cholesterol Gallstones in Female Mice.
Periostin and Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition Score as Novel Prognostic Markers for Leiomyosarcoma, Myxofibrosarcoma and Undifferentiated Pleomor...
Proximity dependent biotinylation: key enzymes and adaptation to proteomics approaches.
Konzo outbreak in the Western Province of Zambia.
Transitions Between the Steps of Forward and Reverse Splicing of Group IIC introns.
Muscleblind-like 2 controls the hypoxia response of cancer cells.
Hepatic Transporter Alterations by Nuclear Receptor Agonist T0901317 in Sandwich-cultured Human Hepatocytes: Proteomic Analysis and PBPK Modeling t...
Change in the use of diagnostic tests in the management of lower respiratory tract infections: a register-based study in primary care.
Effects of fish oil and curcumin supplementation on cerebrovascular function in older adults: A randomized controlled trial.
[Experience in food protein-induced enterocolitis syndrome in a paediatric allergy clinic].
Activation of apoptosis by Salmonella pathogenicity island-1 effectors through both intrinsic and extrinsic pathways in Salmonella-infected macroph...
Synthesis and in-vitro anti-cancer evaluations of multi-methoxylated asymmetrical diarylpentanoids as intrinsic apoptosis inducer against colorecta...
Bone lesions in systemic mastocytosis: Bone histomorphometry and histopathological mechanisms.
Upregulation of IL-4 signaling contributes to aerobic exercise-induced insulin sensitivity.
Several critical genes and microRNAs associated with the development of polycystic ovary syndrome.
The inhibition of reactive oxygen species (ROS) by antioxidants inhibits the release of an autophagy marker in ectopic endometrial cells.
Astragalus polysaccharides and astragaloside IV ameliorates cyclophosphamide-induced mouse model of overactive bladder.
Functional polymorphism of PIN1 rs2233679 is associated with the progression of CIN to early cervical cancer in Hunan Chinese.
Impact of additional risk factors on the incidence of preterm delivery among pregnant women diagnosed with short cervix.
Heat shock protein 70 (Hsp70) in Schistosoma mansoni and its role in decreased adult worm sensitivity to praziquantel.
Design and expression of polytopic construct of cathepsin-L1, SAP-2 and FhTP16.5 proteins of Fasciola hepatica.
Prevention of multiple system atrophy using human bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells by reducing polyamine and cholesterol-induced neural d...
Twenty years of research on the DFS70/LEDGF autoantibody-autoantigen system: many lessons learned but still many questions.
Mesenchymal stem cell-derived exosomes protect beta cells against hypoxia-induced apoptosis via miR-21 by alleviating ER stress and inhibiting p38 ...
Analysis of multi-lineage gene expression dynamics during primordial germ cell induction from human induced pluripotent stem cells.
Chitinase 3 like 1 suppresses the stability and activity of p53 to promote lung tumorigenesis.
miR-544 promotes maturity and antioxidation of stem cell-derived endothelial like cells by regulating the YY1/TET2 signalling axis.
Supplement of microbiota-accessible carbohydrates prevents neuroinflammation and cognitive decline by improving the gut microbiota-brain axis in di...
CDK1 and CDC20 overexpression in patients with colorectal cancer are associated with poor prognosis: evidence from integrated bioinformatics analysis.
Beta-catenin inhibits bovine parainfluenza virus type 3 replication via innate immunity pathway.
A systematic review of the role of inflammatory biomarkers in acute, subacute and chronic non-specific low back pain.
A girl with protein-losing enteropathy during a ketogenic diet: a case report.
Expert curation of the human and mouse olfactory receptor gene repertoires identifies conserved coding regions split across two exons.
Isotopic and genetic methods reveal the role of the gut microbiome in mammalian host essential amino acid metabolism.
Spectroscopic characteristics of water-extractable organic matter from different green manures1.
Association between vitamin D levels and mortality in hemodialysis patients: a cohort study.
The autophagy reaction in the human umbilical cord: a potential marker for estimating fetal nutrition and neonatal growth.
Diet-Derived Gallated Catechins Prevent TGF-β-Mediated Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition, Cell Migration and Vasculogenic Mimicry in Chemosensitive...
Variable Presentation of Hereditary Spherocytosis in an Iranian Family.
Signature Ions Triggered Electron-Transfer/Higher-Energy Collisional Dissociation (EThcD) for Specific and Confident Glycation Site Mapping in Ther...
Quantitative Serum Proteomic Study Reveals that Fibrinogen-Related Proteins May Participate in the Pathophysiological Process of Simple Febrile Con...
Rapid Determination of Activation Energies for Gas-Phase Protein Unfolding and Dissociation in a Q-IM-ToF Mass Spectrometer.
Voltage Rollercoaster Filtering of Low-Mass Contaminants During Native Protein Analysis.
Full-Featured, Real-Time Database Searching Platform Enables Fast and Accurate Multiplexed Quantitative Proteomics.
Rational Modulation of the Luminescence of Upconversion Nanomaterials with Phycocyanin for the Sensing and Imaging of Myeloperoxidase during an Inf...
Gene variant profiles and tumor metabolic activity as measured by FOXM1 expression and glucose uptake in lung adenocarcinoma.
Small Molecule Inhibitors of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Fusion by Targeting Cavities on Heptad Repeat Trimers.
Alternative Methods for Testing Botulinum Toxin: Current Status and Future Perspectives.
The Altered Signaling on EFS-Induced Colon Contractility in Diabetic Rats.
Development of an Organic-Inorganic Nanostructured Hybrid Dental Biocomposite.
Antibacterial Effect of Silver Nanomaterials on Staphylococcal Protein A by Molecular Dynamics Simulation.
Effect of Two Dental Restorative Materials on Adhesion and Molecular Structure of Oral Bacteria.
Holoprosencephaly Overview
Molecular imaging of extracellular matrix proteins with targeted probes using magnetic resonance imaging.
Mitigation of the Adverse Consequences of Nutrient Excess on the Kidney: A Unified Hypothesis to Explain the Renoprotective Effects of Sodium-Gluco...
Interleukin-1β-Induced Senescence Promotes Osteoblastic Transition of Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells.
Activin A Expressed in Rheumatoid Synovial Cells Downregulates TNFα-Induced CXCL10 Expression and Osteoclastogenesis.
From reversible to irreversible bistable switches via bifurcations in a gene regulatory network.
Pretreatment of nafithromycin attenuates inflammatory response in murine lipopolysaccharide induced acute lung injury.
Chromatin modification by olive phenolics: In silico molecular docking studies utilising the phenolic groups categorised in the OliveNet™ database ...
Partial nitritation performance and microbial community in sequencing batch biofilm reactor filled with zeolite under organics oppression and its r...
Time courses of HMGB1 and other inflammatory markers after generalized convulsive seizures.
Effect of soy proteins on characteristics of dough and gluten.
Effects of pre-heating soybean protein isolate and transglutaminase treatments on the properties of egg-soybean protein isolate composite gels.
Determination of isosinensetin in rat plasma by UHPLC-MS/MS: Application to oral and intravenous pharmacokinetic study in healthy rats.
Expression profiling of the genes encoding ABA route components and the ACC oxidase isozymes in the senescing leaves of Populus tremula.
Structural basis and designing of peptide vaccine using PE-PGRS family protein of Mycobacterium ulcerans-An integrated vaccinomics approach.
Conformational properties of LOV2 domain and its C450A variant within broad pH region.
Impact of ketamine on the behavior and immune system of adult medaka (Oryzias latipes) at environmentally relevant concentrations and eco-risk asse...
Combined effect of pCO2 and temperature levels on the thermal niche in the early benthic ontogeny of a keystone species.
Development of a near infrared protein nanoprobe targeting Thomsen-Friedenreich antigen for intraoperative detection of submillimeter nodules in an...
3, 3 \ \'  , 5-Triiodo-L-thyronine affects polarity proteins of bovine Sertoli cells via WT1/non-canonical Wnt signaling pathway.
Administration of nerve growth factor-β to heifers with a pre-ovulatory follicle enhanced luteal formation and function and promoted LH release.
Blood collection from dairy calves at exsanguination post-slaughter yields similar biochemical and packed cell volume measurements compared with in...
Common mechanisms activated in the tissues of aquatic and terrestrial animal models after TiO2 nanoparticles exposure.
Human amniotic fluid-based exposure levels of phthalates and bisphenol A mixture reduce INSL3/RXFP2 signaling.
The effects of laserpuncture on gonadal maturity and sperm quality of male striped catfish (Pangasianodon hypophthalmus).
Some more about dogs: Proteomics of neglected biological fluids.
Mercury-induced autoimmunity: Report of two adolescent siblings with Morvan syndrome "plus" and review of the literature.
miR-99a in bone homeostasis: Regulating osteogenic lineage commitment and osteoclast differentiation.
Foot-and-mouth disease virus: Prospects for using knowledge of virus biology to improve control of this continuing global threat.
Circulation of orf viruses containing the NZ7-like vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF-E) gene type in India.
Immuno-moodulin: A new anxiogenic factor produced by Annexin-A1 transgenic autoimmune-prone T cells.
Coordinated Transcriptional Regulation by the UV-B Photoreceptor and Multiple Transcription Factors for Plant UV-B Responses.
Homeologs of Brassica SOC1, a central regulator of flowering time, are differentially regulated due to partitioning of evolutionarily conserved tra...
The gut anti-complement activity of Aedes aegypti: Investigating new ways to control the major human arboviruses vector in the Americas.
Protective effects of lycopene in cancer, cardiovascular, and neurodegenerative diseases: An update on epidemiological and mechanistic perspectives.
Brain microRNAs dysregulation: Implication for missplicing and abnormal post-translational modifications of tau protein in Alzheimer \ \'  s disease and ...
Chemical hypoxia induces pro-inflammatory signals in fat-laden hepatocytes and contributes to cellular crosstalk with Kupffer cells through extrace...
ALS skin fibroblasts reveal oxidative stress and ERK1/2-mediated cytoplasmic localization of TDP-43.
Automated cryo-lamella preparation for high-throughput in-situ structural biology.
Comparing the efficiency of different Escherichia coli strains in producing recombinant capsid protein of porcine circovirus type 2.
Metastasis-associated protein 1-mediated antitumor and anticancer activity of dietary stilbenes for prostate cancer chemoprevention and therapy.
Xenophagy in cancer.
Opportunities for use of one species for longer-term toxicology testing during drug development: A cross-industry evaluation.
Relevance of autophagy markers to cytotoxicity of zinc compounds in macrophages.
Protein assembled nano-vehicle entrapping photosensitizer molecules for efficient lung carcinoma therapy.
The role of lamin B receptor in the regulation of senescence-associated secretory phenotype (SASP).
Targeting of the apical junctional complex by bacterial pathogens.
The C-terminal acidic motif of Phafin2 inhibits PH domain binding to phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate.
Ligand-induced conformational changes in a SMALP-encapsulated GPCR.
Solution structure of the cytoplasmic domain of NhaP2 a K+/H+ antiporter from Vibrio cholera.
HPLC reveals novel features of nucleoside and nucleobase homeostasis, nucleoside metabolism and nucleoside transport.
TEMPORARY REMOVAL: Lipid asymmetry of a model mitochondrial outer membrane affects Baxdependent permeabilization.
Novel fatty acid-binding protein 3 ligand inhibits dopaminergic neuronal death and improves motor and cognitive impairments in Parkinson \ \'  s disease ...
Transcriptomic and proteomic analyses of the venom and venom glands of Centruroides hirsutipalpus, a dangerous scorpion from Mexico.
Quantitative proteomics to study aging in rabbit liver.
Quick and convenient construction of lambda-cyhalothrin antigen for the generation of specific antibody.
Structures of Gα Proteins in Complex with Their Chaperone Reveal Quality Control Mechanisms.
FBXL5 Regulates IRP2 Stability in Iron Homeostasis via an Oxygen-Responsive [2Fe2S] Cluster.
EPR of site-directed spin-labeled proteins: A powerful tool to study structural flexibility.
Vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein suppresses nuclear factor kappa-B- and mitogen-activated protein kinase-mediated pro-inflammatory responses...
Tau Reduction Prevents Key Features of Autism in Mouse Models.
A Supervised Molecular Dynamics Approach to Unbiased Ligand-Protein Unbinding.
DenseCPD: Improving the Accuracy of Neural-Network-Based Computational Protein Sequence Design with DenseNet.
Assessment of the Cruzain Cysteine Protease Reversible and Irreversible Covalent Inhibition Mechanism.
Characterization of human respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) isolated from HIV-exposed-uninfected and HIV-unexposed infants in South Africa during 2...
Type II Alexander disease caused by splicing errors and aberrant overexpression of an uncharacterized GFAP isoform.
Inhibition of PLK4 might enhance the anti-tumour effect of bortezomib on glioblastoma via PTEN/PI3K/AKT/mTOR signalling pathway.
METTL3/YTHDF2 m6 A axis promotes tumorigenesis by degrading SETD7 and KLF4 mRNAs in bladder cancer.
Osthole-loaded N-octyl-O-sulfonyl chitosan micelles (NSC-OST) inhibits RANKL-induced osteoclastogenesis and prevents ovariectomy-induced bone loss ...
Copanlisib synergizes with conventional and targeted agents including venetoclax in B- and T-cell lymphoma models.
Comparative proteomics analysis of Tibetan hull-less barley under osmotic stress via data-independent acquisition mass spectrometry.
RNF90 negatively regulates cellular antiviral responses by targeting MITA for degradation.
Changes in pregnancy-related serum biomarkers early in gestation are associated with later development of preeclampsia.
Characterization of the IgA response to PRRS virus in pig oral fluids.
A G protein-coupled receptor mediates neuropeptide-induced oocyte maturation in the jellyfish Clytia.
Fly-QMA: Automated analysis of mosaic imaginal discs in Drosophila.
Automated recognition of functional compound-protein relationships in literature.
Integrative proteomic and glycoproteomic profiling of Mycobacterium tuberculosis culture filtrate.
GAA compound heterozygous mutations associated with autophagic impairment cause cerebral infarction in Pompe disease.
Chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans: key modulators of neuronal plasticity, long-term memory, neurodegenerative, and psychiatric disorders.
Laboratory testing for activated protein C resistance: rivaroxaban induced interference and a comparative evaluation of andexanet alfa and DOAC Sto...
Mitochondrial manganese superoxide dismutase from the shrimp Litopenaeus vannamei: Molecular characterization and effect of high temperature, hypox...
Dietary sodium butyrate ameliorated the blood stress biomarkers, heat shock proteins, and immune response of Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) e...
Effects of cold stress on juvenile Piaractus mesopotamicus and the mitigation by β-carotene.
Molecular characterization of eight ATP-dependent heat shock protein transcripts and their expression profiles in response to stresses in the spruc...
An in vivo and in silico analysis of novel variation in TMBIM6 gene affecting cardiopulmonary traits of Indian goats.
Shorter Telomere Length in Peripheral Blood Leukocytes Is Associated with Post-Traumatic Chronic Osteomyelitis.
Naringenin Ameliorate Carbon Tetrachloride-Induced Hepatic Damage Through Inhibition of Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Autophagy in Rats.
What Makes Cornea Immunologically Unique and Privileged? Mechanistic Clues from a High-Resolution Proteomic Landscape of the Human Cornea.
Can the CRP/albumin Ratio be Used as a New Indicator of Activation in Patients with Uveitis?
Yes-Associated Protein and PDZ Binding Motif: A Critical Signaling Pathway in the Control of Human Pluripotent Stem Cells Self-Renewal and Differen...
Source and Follicular Fluid Treatment During the In Vitro Maturation of Recipient Oocytes Affects the Development of Cloned Pig Embryo.
Down-regulation of NTSR3 inhibits growth, metastasis, and PI3K/AKT and MAPK signaling pathways in colorectal cancer cells.
Correlation of Venom Toxinome Composition of Indian Red Scorpion (Mesobuthus tamulus) with Clinical Manifestations of Scorpion Stings: Failure of C...
Carbon Dots Conjugated with Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor for Protein Tracking in Angiogenic Therapy.
Quantitative Longitudinal Inventory of the N-Glycoproteome of Human Milk from a Single Donor Reveals the Highly Variable Repertoire and Dynamic Sit...
Suppression of Drug-Resistant Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer with Inhibitors Targeting Minichromosomal Maintenance Protein.
Microbial Protein out of Thin Air: Fixation of Nitrogen Gas by an Autotrophic Hydrogen-Oxidizing Bacterial Enrichment.
An Escherichia coli Chassis for Production of Electrically Conductive Protein Nanowires.
Protein Farnesyltransferase Catalyzes Unanticipated Farnesylation and Geranylgeranylation of Shortened Target Sequences.
Correction to Accelerating the Throughput of Affinity Mass Spectrometry-Based Ligand Screening toward a G Protein-Coupled Receptor.
Förster Resonance Energy Transfer Based Biosensor for Targeting the hNTH1-YB1 Interface as a Potential Anticancer Drug Target.
Perfluoro-tert-Butyl Hydroxyprolines as Sensitive, Conformationally Responsive Molecular Probes: Detection of Protein Kinase Activity by 19F NMR.
Tumor-Oriented Telomerase-Terminated Nanoplatform as Versatile Strategy for Multidrug Resistance Reversal in Cancer Treatment.
Nonsense suppression induced readthrough of a novel PAX6 mutation in patient-derived cells of congenital aniridia.
Complex formation of anti-VEGF-C with VEGF-C released during blood coagulation resulted in an artifact in its serum pharmacokinetics.
Massage as a mechanotherapy promotes skeletal muscle protein and ribosomal turnover but does not mitigate muscle atrophy during disuse in adult rats.
Control of Akt activity and substrate phosphorylation in cells.
PNPLA3 I148M gene variant and chronic kidney disease in type 2 diabetic patients with NAFLD: Clinical and experimental findings.
In vitro adherence of Candida albicans to zirconia surfaces.
Necroptosis-Inducible Polymeric Nanobubbles for Enhanced Cancer Sonoimmunotherapy.
The formation of paranodal spirals at the ends of CNS myelin sheaths requires the planar polarity protein Vangl2.
Copathology in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy: Does It Matter?
MicroRNA-124-3p.1 promotes cell proliferation through Axin1-dependent Wnt signaling pathway and predicts a poor prognosis of triple-negative breast...
Posttransplantation cyclophosphamide improves transplantation outcomes in patients with AML/MDS who are treated with checkpoint inhibitors.
Mass cytometry in POEMS (polyneuropathy, organomegaly, endocrinopathy, M-protein, skin changes) syndrome: looking for a needle in a haystack.
Interactions of Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli with leafy green vegetables.
Correction to: EGFR signaling augments TLR4 cell surface expression and function in macrophages via regulation of Rab5a activation.
Varicella-Zoster Virus infected human neurons are resistant to apoptosis.
Activation of Protein Kinase Cδ Contributes to the Induction of Src/EGF Receptor/ERK Signaling in Ammonia-treated Astrocytes.
Epithelial Plasticity, Autophagy and Metastasis: Potential Modifiers of the Crosstalk to Overcome Therapeutic Resistance.
Phase 1 study of the protein deubiquitinase inhibitor VLX1570 in patients with relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma.
Haemato-biochemical alterations and oxidative stress associated with naturally occurring porcine circovirus2 infection in pigs.
Sodium Butyrate Downregulates Implant-Induced Inflammation in Mice.
Expression Profiles and Biochemical Analysis of Chemosensory Protein 3 from Nilaparvata lugens (Hemiptera: Delphacidae).
Integrated bioinformatics analyses identified SCL3-induced regulatory network in Arabidopsis thaliana roots.
Elevated Serum Liver-Type Fatty Acid Binding Protein Levels in Non-acetaminophen Acute Liver Failure Patients with Organ Dysfunction.
Treadmill Exercise Attenuates Aβ-Induced Mitochondrial Dysfunction and Enhances Mitophagy Activity in APP/PS1 Transgenic Mice.
Enhancement of sialylation in rIgG in glyco-engineered Chinese hamster ovary cells.
Consumption of salt leads to ameliorate symptoms of metabolic disorder and change of gut microbiota.
Plasmodium falciparum DDX55 is a nucleocytoplasmic protein and a 3 \ \'  -5 \ \'   direction-specific DNA helicase.
Genipin inhibits the scleral expression of miR-29 and MMP2 and promotes COL1A1 expression in myopic eyes of guinea pigs.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor treatment early after myocardial infarction attenuates acute cardiac and neuroinflammation without effect o...
Strategies for enhancing gene expression in Escherichia coli.
Biocatalytic strategies for the production of ginsenosides using glycosidase: current state and perspectives.
A multiple reaction monitoring method for determining peanut (Arachis hypogea) allergens in serum using quadrupole and time-of-flight mass spectrom...
Flos lonicerae flavonoids attenuate experimental ulcerative colitis in rats via suppression of NF-κB signaling pathway.
Bilirubin disrupts calcium homeostasis in neonatal hippocampal neurons: a new pathway of neurotoxicity.
Origin and evolution of polycyclic triterpene synthesis.
Ancient co-retention of paralogs of Cid centromeric histones and Cal1 chaperones in mosquito species.
Evolutionary Analysis of the Zinc Finger and Homeoboxes Family of Proteins Identifies Multiple Conserved Domains and a Common Early Chordate Ancestor.
Gene replacement ameliorates deficits in mouse and human models of cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 disorder.
Selenium deficiency exacerbates LPS-induced necroptosis by regulating miR-16-5p targeting PI3K in chicken tracheal tissue.
Human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cell-derived and dermal fibroblast-derived extracellular vesicles protect dermal fibroblasts from ultraviolet...
Protein corona formation of human serum albumin with carbon quantum dots from roast salmon.
[The impact of disbalance of regulatory cytokines and osteocalcin on osteogenesis in children with congenital cleft lip and palate in postnatal ont...
PIK3Cδ expression by fibroblasts promotes triple-negative breast cancer progression.
p16 deficiency attenuates intervertebral disc degeneration by adjusting oxidative stress and nucleus pulposus cell cycle.
New approach for membrane protein reconstitution into peptidiscs and basis for their adaptability to different proteins.
Lamina-specific AMPA receptor dynamics following visual deprivation in vivo.
The need to unravel the twisted nature of the Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato complex across Europe.
African horse sickness virus NS4 is a nucleocytoplasmic protein that localizes to PML nuclear bodies.
Proposal to reclassify Streptobacillus hongkongensis into a novel genus as Pseudostreptobacillus hongkongensis gen. nov., comb. nov.
Chronic Beetroot Juice Supplementation Accelerates Recovery Kinetics following Simulated Match Play in Soccer Players.
Actin‑like protein 8 executes a promoting function in the malignant progression of endometrial cancer: identification of a promising biomarker.
In vitro-in\xa0vivo extrapolation of metabolic clearance using human liver microsomes: factors showing variability and their normalization.
Immune induction identified by TMT proteomics analysis in Fusobacterium nucleatum autoinducer-2 treated macrophages.
Synthesis and evaluation of potent human immunodeficiency virus 1 protease inhibitors with epimeric isopropanol as novel P1 \ \'   ligands.
Simultaneous Crestal Sinus Elevation and Implant Placement Using a Ribose Cross- Linked, Collagen Bone Graft Material: Case Series of 28 Consecutiv...
c9, t11, c15-CLNA and t9, t11, c15-CLNA from Lactobacillus plantarum ZS2058 Ameliorate Dextran Sodium Sulfate-Induced Colitis in Mice.
Miniaturized Filter-Aided Sample Preparation (MICRO-FASP) Method for High Throughput, Ultrasensitive Proteomics Sample Preparation Reveals Proteome...
Up-regulation of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) expression and catalytic activity is associated with immunosuppression and poor prognosis in ...
Impaired substrate-mediated cardiac mitochondrial complex I respiration with unaltered regulation of fatty acid metabolism and oxidative stress sta...
miR-373 inhibits autophagy and further promotes apoptosis of cholangiocarcinoma cells by targeting ULK1.
RXRα and MRTF-A have a synergistic effect in the retinoic acid-induced neural-like differentiation of adult bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem ce...
Expression of genes involved in apoptosis is dysregulated in mucopolysaccharidoses as revealed by pilot transcriptomic analyses.
Characterization of the mechanism of interaction between α1 -acid glycoprotein and lipid membranes by vacuum-ultraviolet circular-dichroism spectro...
GITR differentially affects lung effector T cell subpopulations during influenza virus infection.
Collider bias in the association of periodontitis and carotid intima-media thickness.
Primaquine phosphate induces the apoptosis of ATRA-resistant acute promyelocytic leukemia cells by inhibition of the NF-κB pathway.
Prescribed Protein Intake Does Not Meet Recommended Intake in Moderate- and Late-Preterm Infants: Contribution to Weight Gain and Head Growth.
Extracellular vesicles in toxicological studies: key roles in communication between environmental stress and adverse outcomes.
FAM213A is linked to prognostic significance in acute myeloid leukemia through regulation of oxidative stress and myelopoiesis.
Identification of a novel repressor encoded by the putative gene ctf1 for cellulase biosynthesis in Trichoderma reesei through artificial zinc fing...
Histone deacetylase inhibitor OBP‑801 and amrubicin synergistically inhibit the growth of squamous cell lung carcinoma by inducing mitochondrial AS...
Pirfenidone attenuates homocysteine‑induced apoptosis by regulating the connexin 43 pathway in H9C2 cells.
Expression and clinical significance of circular RNAs hsa_circ_0000175 and hsa_circ_0008410 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients wit...
H19/let‑7/Lin28 ceRNA network mediates autophagy inhibiting epithelial‑mesenchymal transition in breast cancer.
Unraveling the genetic causes in large pedigrees with gout by whole‑exome sequencing.
Icariin sensitizes human colon cancer cells to TRAIL‑induced apoptosis via ERK‑mediated upregulation of death receptors.
Exogenous carbon monoxide protects against mitochondrial DNA‑induced hippocampal pyroptosis in a model of hemorrhagic shock and resuscitation.
Diallyl disulfide induces downregulation and inactivation of cofilin\xa01 differentiation via the Rac1/ROCK1/LIMK1 pathway in leukemia cells.
Scutellarein inhibits the development of colon cancer via CDC4‑mediated RAGE ubiquitination.
Establishment of a novel human cell line retaining the characteristics of the original pancreatic adenocarcinoma, and evaluation of MEK as a therap...
Overexpression of IFIT2 inhibits the proliferation of chronic myeloid leukemia cells by regulating the BCR‑ABL/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Cordyceps sinensis attenuates HBx‑induced cell apoptosis in\xa0HK‑2 cells through suppressing the PI3K/Akt pathway.
[Corrigendum]Phosphorylation of cortactin by cyclin-dependent kinase\xa05 modulates actin bundling by the dynamin 1-cortactin ring-like complex and fo...
Lactobacillus salivarius BP121 prevents cisplatin‑induced acute kidney injury by inhibition of uremic toxins such as indoxyl sulfate and p‑cresol s...
CD24 and CK4 are upregulated by SIM2, and are predictive biomarkers for chemoradiotherapy and surgery in esophageal cancer.
Rab22a is a novel prognostic marker for cell progression in breast cancer.
A novel role for Livin in the response to ultraviolet\xa0B radiation and pterygium development.
Aberrant expression of the UPF1 RNA surveillance gene disturbs keratinocyte homeostasis by stabilizing AREG.
Panax notoginseng saponins prevent senescence and inhibit apoptosis by regulating the PI3K‑AKT‑mTOR pathway in osteoarthritic chondrocytes.
SNAIL expression correlates with the translocation of syndecan‑1 intracellular domain into the nucleus in prostate cancer cell lines.
Curcumin exerts protective effects against hypoxia‑reoxygenation injury via the enhancement of apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease\xa01 in SH‑SY5Y cell...
Chromomycin A3 suppresses cholangiocarcinoma growth by induction of S phase cell cycle arrest and suppression of Sp1‑related anti‑apoptotic proteins.
HIF‑1α attenuates neuronal apoptosis by upregulating EPO expression following cerebral ischemia‑reperfusion injury in a rat MCAO model.
Hesperetin reverses P‑glycoprotein‑mediated cisplatin resistance in DDP‑resistant human lung cancer cells via modulation of the nuclear factor‑κB s...
Applications and advances of CRISPR/Cas9 in animal cancer model.
Upregulation of TRPC6 mediated by PAX6 hypomethylation is involved in the mechanical allodyina induced by chemotherapeutics in dorsal root ganglion.
Functional analysis of the agnH gene involved in nicotine-degradation pathways in Agrobacterium tumefaciens strain SCUEC1.
Intramolecular methionine alkylation constructs sulfonium tethered peptides for protein conjugation.
Light-assisted gadofullerene nanoparticles disrupt tumor vasculatures for potent melanoma treatment.
Promotion of G1/S Transition and Inhibition of Inflammatory Cytokine Production by Hydroxypyridinone-Coumarin in Osteoarthritis Rats.
Mathematical aspects of molecular replacement. V. Isolating feasible regions in motion spaces.
Predictive value of prognostic nutritional index on tumor stage in patients with primary bladder cancer.
[Pulmonary manifestations of crohn \ \'  s disease or chronic pharmacotherapy complications? - case report].
[Sex steroids and adipokines in men with prostate cancer and their relationship with obesity and metabolic syndrome].
Cytokine and immunoglobulin spectra of tissue extracts from tonsils of children with hypertrophy and chronic tonsillitis.
Pregnancy, complicated by preeclampsia: fetoplacental complex immune deadaptation and histostructural features.
Genetic polymorphism in patients with early and late onset of ulcerative colitis.
Effect of endostatin and insulin-like growth factor-1 on angiogenesis in patients with acute myocardial infarction with obesity under the influence...
An assessment of genome annotation coverage across the bacterial tree of life.
Dietary addition of zinc-methionine influenced eggshell quality by affecting calcium deposition in eggshell formation of laying hens.
dl-Methionine supplementation in a low-fishmeal diet affects the TOR/S6K pathway by stimulating ASCT2 amino acid transporter and insulin-like growt...
Functional differences between l- and d-carnitine in metabolic regulation evaluated using a low-carnitine Nile tilapia model.
Role of GRINA/NMDARA1 in Central Nervous System Diseases.
Inhibitor binding sites in the protein tyrosine phosphatase SHP-2.
Decoding novel mechanisms and emerging therapeutic strategies in breast cancer resistance.
Understanding immunogenicity assessments for meningococcal serogroup B vaccines.
Tumor-associated trypsin inhibitor (TATI) and tumor-associated trypsin-2 (TAT-2) predict outcomes in gastric cancer.
Preclinical Safety Assessment of a Highly Selective and Potent Dual Small-Molecule Inhibitor of CBP/P300 in Rats and Dogs.
The effects of epigenetic modification on the occurrence and progression of liver diseases and the involved mechanism.
[Nutritional status in older adults admitted to an acute geriatric unit].
Calorimetric Studies of Binary and Ternary Molecular Interactions between Transthyretin, Aβ Peptides, and Small-Molecule Chaperones toward an Alter...
Membrane Phospholipid Analogues as Molecular Rulers to Probe the Position of the Hydrophobic Contact Point of Lysophospholipid Ligands on the Surfa...
Long Non-coding RNA CCAT1 Sponges miR-454 to Promote Chemoresistance of Ovarian Cancer Cells to Cisplatin by Regulation of Surviving.
CDK9 is dispensable for YAP-driven hepatoblastoma development.
Low Rho activity in hepatocytes prevents apical from basolateral cargo separation during trans-Golgi network to surface transport.
CtBP1 transactivates RAD51 and confers cisplatin resistance to breast cancer cells.
High-fat diet induces endoplasmic reticulum stress to promote chondrocyte apoptosis in mouse knee joints.
Aberrant splicing as potential modifier of the phenotype of junctional epidermolysis bullosa.
Histopathological hallmarks of cutaneous lesions of capillary malformation-arteriovenous malformation syndrome.
Botrytis cinerea induces local hypoxia in Arabidopsis leaves.
Electrospun protein fibers loaded with yerba mate extract for bioactive release in food packaging.
Sphingosine kinase-2 is overexpressed in large granular lymphocyte leukaemia and promotes survival through Mcl-1.
Novel variant p.(Ala102Thr) in SDHB causes mitochondrial complex II deficiency: Case report and review of the literature.
The Microenvironment of Head and Neck Cancers: Papillomavirus Involvement and Potential Impact of Immunomodulatory Treatments.
Heat Shock Protein 60 (HSP60) Serves as a Potential Target for the Sensitization of Chemoresistant Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Variable Responsiveness to Agonists for TLR2 and TLR7 in Myometrial Cells from Different Sources: Correlation with Receptor Expression.
Chikusetsu saponin IVa alleviated sevoflurane-induced neuroinflammation and cognitive impairment by blocking NLRP3/caspase-1 pathway.
Acute cocaine treatment enhances the antagonistic allosteric adenosine A2A-dopamine D2 receptor-receptor interactions in rat dorsal striatum withou...
Assessment of vitamin D and inflammatory markers profile in cardiac tissue on Parkinson disease animal model.
Cadmium-induced endothelial dysfunction mediated by asymmetric dimethylarginine.
Acetaldehyde-induced oxidative modifications and morphological changes in isolated human erythrocytes: an in vitro study.
Trace metal concentrations in commercial fish, crabs, and bivalves from three lagoons in the South China Sea and implications for human health.
Correlation Between SIRT2 3 \ \'  UTR Gene Polymorphism and the Susceptibility to Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease.
DNA damage response proteins and its role in tumor progression of uveal melanoma with patient outcome.
2SBP: overview of the trans-omics session-measure × analyze metabolic adaptation of biological systems-at the 2019 BSJ Meeting in Miyazaki.
Recent developments in the computational study of protein structural and vibrational energy dynamics.
The Effect of Lactobacillus casei Consumption in Improvement of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: an Animal Study.
The effects of depression and age on sleep disturbances in patients with non-dialysis stage 3-5 chronic kidney disease: a single-center study.
Nocardiosis in patients with nephrotic syndrome: a retrospective analysis of 11 cases and a literature review.
The Mechanism of Trivalent Inorganic Arsenic on HIF-1α: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Autophagy, Mitophagy and MicroRNA Expression in Chronic Hepatitis C and Autoimmune Hepatitis.
The Impact of Robotics in Learning Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass: a Retrospective Analysis of 214 Laparoscopic and Robotic Procedures : Robotic Vs. Lapa...
Weight Loss and Health Status 5\xa0Years After Adjustable Gastric Banding in Adolescents.
Controversial Contribution of Th17/IL-17 Toward the Immune Response in Intestinal Fibrosis.
Comprehensive review of ASC structure and function in immune homeostasis and disease.
The effect of ellagic acid on caspase-3/bcl-2/Nrf-2/NF-kB/TNF-α /COX-2 gene expression product apoptosis pathway: a new approach for muscle damage ...
Comparative Study of the Nutritional Properties of 67 Potato Cultivars (Solanum tuberosum L.) Grown in China Using the Nutrient-Rich Foods (NRF11.3...
Nutritional interventions for heart failure patients who are malnourished or at risk of malnutrition or cachexia: a systematic review and meta-anal...
MiR-1202 Exerts Neuroprotective Effects on OGD/R Induced Inflammation in HM Cell by Negatively Regulating Rab1a Involved in TLR4/NF-κB Signaling Pa...
Effect of β-sitosterol on glucose homeostasis by sensitization of insulin resistance via enhanced protein expression of PPRγ and glucose transporte...
PERK-eIF2α-ATF4 signaling contributes to osteogenic differentiation of periodontal ligament stem cells.
Functional characterization of NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase and cinnamic acid 4-hydroxylase encoding genes from Scoparia dulcis L.
Expression and Circulating Levels of Perlecan in Breast Cancer - Implications for Oestrogen Dependent Stromal Remodeling.
Assessment of Protein Profiles of RNAlater Stored and Fresh PBMC Cells Using Different Protein Extraction Buffers.
The IgG galactosylation ratio is higher in spondyloarthritis patients and associated with the MRI score.
Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of a multifunctional neuropeptide-Y conjugate for selective nuclear delivery of radiolanthanides.
The crosstalk of NAD, ROS and autophagy in cellular health and ageing.
X-ray tomography of cryopreserved human prostate cancer cells: mitochondrial targeting by an organoiridium photosensitiser.
Cyclocreatine Transport by SLC6A8, the Creatine Transporter, in HEK293 Cells, a Human Blood-Brain Barrier Model Cell, and CCDSs Patient-Derived Fib...
Embryonic stem cell extracts improve wound healing in diabetic mice.
Low brain-derived neurotrophic factor protein levels and single-nucleotide polymorphism Val66Met are associated with peripheral neuropathy in type ...
CXCL1, CCL2, and CCL5 modulation by microbial and biomechanical signals in periodontal cells and tissues-in vitro and in vivo studies.
MiR-145 alleviates Hcy-induced VSMC proliferation, migration, and phenotypic switch through repression of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway.
Accurate and live peroxisome biogenesis evaluation achieved by lentiviral expression of a green fluorescent protein fused to a peroxisome targeting...
Overexpression of wheat α-mannosidase gene TaMP impairs salt tolerance in transgenic Brachypodium distachyon.
Gene expression during development and overexpression after Cercospora kikuchii and salicylic acid challenging indicate defensive roles of the soyb...
Nutrients, vitamins, probiotics and herbal products: an update of their role in urolithogenesis.
Current understanding of and emerging treatment options for spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress type 1 (SMARD1).
Array-based Western-blotting reveals spatial differences in hepatic signaling and metabolism following CAR activation.
Symmetry-breaking transitions in the early steps of protein self-assembly.
Serum Angiopoietin-like Protein 6, Risk of Type 2 Diabetes, and Response to Hyperglycemia: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Atm deficiency in the DNA polymerase β null cerebellum results in cerebellar ataxia and Itpr1 reduction associated with alteration of cytosine meth...
An improved LC-MS method to profile molecular diversity and quantify the six main bovine milk proteins, including genetic and splicing variants as ...
Can asymmetric post-translational modifications regulate the behavior of STAT3 homodimers?
Lung cancer cells survive epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor exposure through upregulation of cholesterol synthesis.
17(S),18(R)-epoxyeicosatetraenoic acid generated by cytochrome P450 BM-3 from Bacillus megaterium inhibits the development of contact hypersensitiv...
Active site plasticity and possible modes of chemical inhibition of the human DNA deaminase APOBEC3B.
Changes in the R-region interactions depend on phosphorylation and contribute to PKA and PKC regulation of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conduc...
Aspirin ameliorates the long-term adverse effects of doxorubicin through suppression of cellular senescence.
Cyclosporine A inhibits MRTF-SRF signaling through Na+/K+ ATPase inhibition and actin remodeling.
Validation of extracellular miRNA quantification in blood samples using RT-qPCR.
IQGAP1 activates PLC-δ1 by direct binding and moving along microtubule with DLC-1 to cell surface.
A novel mutation alters the stability of PapA2 resulting in the complete abrogation of sulfolipids in clinical mycobacterial strains.
Glutathione increase by the n-butanoyl glutathione derivative (GSH-C4) inhibits viral replication and induces a predominant Th1 immune profile in o...
Dengue NS5 modulates expression of miR-590 to regulate ubiquitin-specific peptidase 42 in human microglia.
S-Nitrosated alpha-1-acid glycoprotein exhibits antibacterial activity against multidrug-resistant bacteria strains and synergistically enhances th...
Identification of several plasma proteins whose levels in colorectal cancer patients differ depending on outcome.
ECDI-fixed donor splenocytes prolong skin allograft survival by promoting M2 macrophage polarization and inducing regulatory T cells.
Bicaudal D1 impairs autophagosome maturation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Alpha-Klotho, a critical protein for lung health, is not expressed in normal lung.
Activity of lumacaftor is not conserved in zebrafish Cftr bearing the major cystic fibrosis-causing mutation.
Silver nanoparticles selectively treat triple-negative breast cancer cells without affecting non-malignant breast epithelial cells in vitro and in ...
Expression of a specific variant surface glycoprotein has a major impact on suramin sensitivity and endocytosis in Trypanosoma brucei.
Effects of Sake lees (Sake-kasu) supplementation on the quality characteristics of fermented dry sausages.
Retraction of "Targeted Protein Internalization and Degradation by ENDosome TArgeting Chimeras (ENDTACs)".
Enhancing the Signaling of GPCRs via Orthosteric Ions.
A Novel G Protein-Biased and Subtype-Selective Agonist for a G Protein-Coupled Receptor Discovered from Screening Herbal Extracts.
Sequential Glycosylation of Proteins with Substrate-Specific N-Glycosyltransferases.
A Triple-Regulated Oncolytic Adenovirus Carrying MicroRNA-143 Exhibits Potent Antitumor Efficacy in Colorectal Cancer.
Experimental data of phospholipid supplementary in full fishmeal replacement diets on growth indices, whole body nutrient composition, muscle fatty...
Microbial metaproteome data from decayed beech dead wood.
Microarray data and pathway analyses of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy subjects after a three weeks grape-rich diet.
Metavirome datasets from two endemic Baikal sponges Baikalospongia bacillifera.
Conversion of mesenchymal stem cells into a canine hepatocyte-like cells by Foxa1 and Hnf4a.
Association of Apple necrotic mosaic virus (ApNMV) with mosaic disease in commercially grown cultivars of apple (Malus domestica Borkh) in India.
Paraspinal Fat Stranding as an Unexpected Finding on Body Computed Tomography: A Key to Early Detection of Spinal Osteomyelitis.
Determination of l-norvaline and l-tryptophan in dietary supplements by nano-LC using an O-[2-(methacryloyloxy)-ethylcarbamoyl]-10,11-dihydroquinid...
Discovery of novel and potent P2Y14R antagonists via structure-based virtual screening for the treatment of acute gouty arthritis.
Inhibition of IκBα phosphorylation potentiates regulated cell death induced by azidothymidine in HTLV-1 infected cells.
Delivery of phosphatidylethanolamine blunts stress in hepatoma cells exposed to elevated palmitate by targeting the endoplasmic reticulum.
Nucleolar localization of the Notch4 intracellular domain underpins its regulation of the cellular response to genotoxic stressors.
Phenotypic high-throughput screening platform identifies novel chemotypes for necroptosis inhibition.
Genetic manipulation of SPG7 or NipSnap2 does not affect mitochondrial permeability transition.
Rho-ROCK signaling mediates entotic cell death in tumor.
NF90 stabilizes cyclin E1 mRNA through phosphorylation of NF90-Ser382 by CDK2.
Critical roles of microRNA-141-3p and CHD8 in hypoxia/reoxygenation-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis.
Applications of water molecules for analysis of macromolecule properties.
Ubiquitous neurocognitive dysfunction in familial adenomatous polyposis: proof-of-concept of the role of APC protein in neurocognitive function.
Synergistic Effect of 1,3,6-Trihydroxy-4,5,7-Trichloroxanthone in Combination with Doxorubicin on B-Cell Lymphoma Cells and Its Mechanism of Action...
GNAS promotes inflammation-related hepatocellular carcinoma progression by promoting STAT3 activation.
Comparative proteomic analysis of the brain and colon in three rat models of irritable bowel syndrome.
MicroRNA-4316 inhibits gastric cancer proliferation and migration via directly targeting VEGF-A.
Long non-coding RNA DANCR promotes cervical cancer growth via activation of the Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway.
Production of Different Mushroom Protein Hydrolysates as Potential Flavourings in Chicken Soup Using Stem Bromelain Hydrolysis.
Valorisation of Whey and Buttermilk for Production of Functional Beverages - An Overview of Current Possibilities.
Pterostilbene administration improves the recovery potential of extremely low-frequency magnetic field in acute renal ischemia-reperfusion injury: ...
Evaluation of recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor VEGF121-loaded poly-l-lactide microparticles as a controlled release delivery sy...
The influence of thermal hydrolysis process on emulsifying properties of potato protein isolate.
Effect of wet and dry milling on the functional properties of whole sorghum grain flour and kafirin.
Enhanced yield of Scenedesmus obliquus biomacromolecules through medium optimization and development of microalgae based functional chocolate.
Study on condition of ultrasound-assisted thermo-alkali-modified peanut protein embedding curcumin for nanoparticles.
Structural characteristics and digestibility of bovine skin protein and corn starch extruded blend complexes.
Effects of different flour blends with varying protein content and quality on dough and crust properties of "etliekmek", a pizza-like traditional f...
Unravelling the effects of the food components ascorbic acid and capsaicin as a novel anti-biofilm agent against Escherichia coli.
Plasticizer types affect quality and shelf life of eggs coated with rice protein.
Analyses on the binding interaction between rice glutelin and conjugated linoleic acid by multi-spectroscopy and computational docking simulation.
Gel properties of salty liquid whole egg as affected by preheat treatment.
Optimized germinated soybean/cornstarch extrudate and its in vitro fermentation with human inoculum.
Nutritional composition, physical characteristics, and sensory attributes of wheat based biscuits enriched with bullet pear (Canarium schweinfurthi...
Determination of macronutrient compositions in selected, frequently consumed cereals, cereal based foods, legumes and pulses prepared according to ...
Multiplexed mass spectrometry of individual ions improves measurement of proteoforms and their complexes.
Cryo-EM structures reveal translocational unfolding in the clostridial binary iota toxin complex.
SRSF7 maintains its homeostasis through the expression of Split-ORFs and nuclear body assembly.
Multivalent interactions between CsoS2 and Rubisco mediate α-carboxysome formation.
Bridge helix arginines play a critical role in Cas9 sensitivity to mismatches.
Diagnostic value of plasma phosphorylated tau181 in Alzheimer \ \'  s disease and frontotemporal lobar degeneration.
MEMOTE for standardized genome-scale metabolic model testing.
ChromID identifies the protein interactome at chromatin marks.
Dual-targeting nanoparticle vaccine elicits a therapeutic antibody response against chronic hepatitis B.
Author Correction: Genome-wide CRISPR-Cas9 screening reveals ubiquitous T cell cancer targeting via the monomorphic MHC class I-related protein MR1.
Prion protein - mediator of toxicity in multiple proteinopathies.
A self-activating orphan receptor.
Structure of a minimal photosystem I from the green alga Dunaliella salina.
Inflammasome-mediated antagonism of type I interferon enhances Rickettsia pathogenesis.
Heteromeric three-stranded coiled coils designed using a Pb(II)(Cys)3 template mediated strategy.
Dissimilation of synonymous codon usage bias in virus-host coevolution due to translational selection.
Gastric cancer: genome damaged by bugs.
Low-carbohydrate-diet scores and the risk of primary open-angle glaucoma: data from three US cohorts.
Neuroprotective effects of olanzapine against rotenone-induced toxicity in PC12 cells.
Association of MICA-129Met/Val polymorphism with clinical outcome of anti-TNF therapy and MICA serum levels in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Lactobacillus paracasei-derived extracellular vesicles attenuate the intestinal inflammatory response by augmenting the endoplasmic reticulum stres...
Auxin perception in Agave is dependent on the species \ \'   Auxin Response Factors.
Androgen Receptor and Poly(ADP-ribose) Glycohydrolase Inhibition Increases Efficiency of Androgen Ablation in Prostate Cancer Cells.
The activation of BAFF/APRIL system in spleen and lymph nodes of Plasmodium falciparum infected patients.
Identification of runs of homozygosity affecting female fertility and milk production traits in Finnish Ayrshire cattle.
Complex approach for analysis of snake venom α-neurotoxins binding to HAP, the high-affinity peptide.
A soluble truncated tau species related to cognitive dysfunction is elevated in the brain of cognitively impaired human individuals.
The LRRK2 N-terminal domain influences vesicle trafficking: impact of the E193K variant.
Does resistance training have an effect on levels of ferritin and atherogenic lipids in postmenopausal women? - A pilot trial.
Deep Evolutionary History of the Phox and Bem1 (PB1) Domain Across Eukaryotes.
Virulence assessment of six major pathogenic Candida species in the mouse model of invasive candidiasis caused by fungal translocation.
Serum sHLA-G: Significant diagnostic biomarker with respect to therapy and immunosuppressive mediators in Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Serum proteomics of active tuberculosis patients and contacts reveals unique processes activated during Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection.
Identification and sequence analyses of the gliding machinery proteins from Mycoplasma mobile.
Novel elvitegravir nanoformulation for drug delivery across the blood-brain barrier to achieve HIV-1 suppression in the CNS macrophages.
Substrate Specific Inhibitor Designed against the Immunomodulator GMF-beta Reversed the Experimental Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis.
Resveratrol alleviates obesity-induced skeletal muscle inflammation via decreasing M1 macrophage polarization and increasing the regulatory T cell ...
Nutrients, minerals, pigments, phytochemicals, and radical scavenging activity in Amaranthus blitum leafy vegetables.
Transient genome-wide interactions of the master transcription factor NLP7 initiate a rapid nitrogen-response cascade.
Post-translational protein modifications in schizophrenia.
Mutations in the coat complex II component SEC23B promote colorectal cancer metastasis.
Enhanced DNA-repair capacity and resistance to chemically induced carcinogenesis upon deletion of the phosphatase regulator NIPP1.
Integrated structural and evolutionary analysis reveals common mechanisms underlying adaptive evolution in mammals.
Nf1 deletion results in depletion of the Lhx6 transcription factor and a specific loss of parvalbumin+ cortical interneurons.
An allosteric switch regulates Mycobacterium tuberculosis ClpP1P2 protease function as established by cryo-EM and methyl-TROSY NMR.
Caenorhabditis elegans ADAR editing and the ERI-6/7/MOV10 RNAi pathway silence endogenous viral elements and LTR retrotransposons.
bioPROTACs as versatile modulators of intracellular therapeutic targets including proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA).
Class A PBPs have a distinct and unique role in the construction of the pneumococcal cell wall.
Systematic identification of engineered methionines and oxaziridines for efficient, stable, and site-specific antibody bioconjugation.
Charge-dependent interactions of monomeric and filamentous actin with lipid bilayers.
Carbon export from leaves is controlled via ubiquitination and phosphorylation of sucrose transporter SUC2.
In vitro selection of ribozyme ligases that use prebiotically plausible 2-aminoimidazole-activated substrates.
Epistatic contributions promote the unification of incompatible models of neutral molecular evolution.
Conformational control of small GTPases by AMPylation.
SOX4-mediated repression of specific tRNAs inhibits proliferation of human glioblastoma cells.
CUL3BPM E3 ubiquitin ligases regulate MYC2, MYC3, and MYC4 stability and JA responses.
Triacylglycerol and phytyl ester synthesis in Synechocystis sp. PCC6803.
Structural elucidation of the Clostridioides difficile transferase toxin reveals a single-site binding mode for the enzyme.
Immunotoxin SS1P is rapidly removed by proximal tubule cells of kidney, whose damage contributes to albumin loss in urine.
Cell-penetrating peptide inhibits retromer-mediated human papillomavirus trafficking during virus entry.
A hepatocyte differentiation model reveals two subtypes of liver cancer with different oncofetal properties and therapeutic targets.
Investigations of the underlying mechanisms of HIF-1α and CITED2 binding to TAZ1.
Signaling mechanisms of growth hormone-releasing hormone receptor in LPS-induced acute ocular inflammation.
Insights into disseminated MS brain pathology with multimodal diffusion tensor and PET imaging.
Mode of action of the catalytic site in the N-terminal ribosome-inactivating domain of JIP60.
A synthetic approach allows rapid characterization of the maize nuclear auxin response circuit.
DRT111/SFPS splicing factor controls ABA sensitivity during seed development and germination.
The M-protein of Streptococcus pyogenes strain AP53 retains cell surface functional plasminogen binding after inactivation of the sortase A gene.
Ribosome dimerization protects the small subunit.
Post-transcriptional regulation of tnaA by protein-RNA interaction mediated by ribosomal protein L4 in Escherichia coli.
The anti-activator of type III secretion, OspD1, is transcriptionally regulated by VirB and H-NS from remote sequences in Shigella flexneri.
Human Hepatocyte Nuclear Factor 4-α encodes isoforms with distinct transcriptional functions.
Genomics Methods for Xenopus Embryos and Tissues.
Quantifying and Storing RNA.
Standard Immunization of Mice, Rats, and Hamsters.
Stripping of the Immunoblot for Reprobing.
Staining the Blot for Total Protein with Ponceau S.
AKT regulates mitotic progression of mammalian cells by phosphorylating MASTL leading to PP2A inactivation.
NRF3-POMP-20S proteasome assembly axis promotes cancer development via ubiquitin-independent proteolysis of p53 and Rb.
Natural T Cell Epitope Containing Methyl Lysines on Mycobacterial Heparin-Binding Hemagglutinin.
GITR agonism triggers antitumor immune responses through IL21-expressing follicular helper T cells.
RIPK3 orchestrates fatty acid metabolism in tumor-associated macrophages and hepatocarcinogenesis.
Physical interactions between Gsx2 and Ascl1 balance progenitor expansion versus neurogenesis in the mouse lateral ganglionic eminence.
SMAD7 enhances adult β cell proliferation without significantly affecting β cell function in mice.
Cross-regulation between LUBAC and caspase-1 modulates cell death and inflammation.
Heterotrimeric Gq proteins as therapeutic targets?
Pioneering meiotic recombination.
An adolescent with recurrent ankle swelling.
Structural Remodeling of Active Zones Is Associated with Synaptic Homeostasis.
Loss of Piccolo Function in Rats Induces Cerebellar Network Dysfunction and Pontocerebellar Hypoplasia Type 3-like Phenotypes.
Plakophilin 3 phosphorylation by ribosomal S6 kinase supports desmosome assembly.
The Factor H-binding site of CspZ as a protective target against multi-strain, tick-transmitted Lyme disease.
The differential response of the chicken trachea to chronic infection with virulent Mycoplasma gallisepticum strain Ap3AS and Vaxsafe MG (strain ts...
The Legionella pneumophila metaeffector Lpg2505 (MesI) regulates SidI-mediated translation inhibition and novel glycosyl hydrolase activity.
Putative β-barrel outer membrane proteins of the bovine digital dermatitis-associated treponemes: identification, functional characterisation and i...
Pits and CtBP Control Tissue Growth in Drosophila melanogaster with the Hippo Pathway Transcription Repressor, Tgi.
RNA splicing alterations induce a cellular stress response associated with poor prognosis in Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Genomic and immunologic characterization of INI1-deficient pediatric cancers.
Cancer antigen discovery is enabled by RNA-sequencing of highly purified malignant and non-malignant cells.
Influenza Polymerase Inhibitors: Mechanisms of Action and Resistance.
The novel macrolide resistance genes mef(D), msr(F) and msr(H) are present on resistance islands in Macrococcus canis, Macrococcus caseolyticus and...
Antimicrobial activity of the quinoline derivative HT61 against Staphylococcus aureus biofilms.
Potential therapy of vitamin B17 against Ehrlich solid tumor induced changes in Interferon gamma, Nuclear factor kappa B, DNA fragmentation, p53, B...
Virtual screening of antitumour phytochemical against peroxisome proliferators activated receptor proteins PPARs.
GC/MS assisted phytochemical analysis of Ajuga parviflora leaves extract along with anti-hepatotoxic effect against anti-tubercular drug induced li...
Insilico modeling and analysis of small molecules binding to the PHLPP1 protein by molecular dynamics simulation.
Inhibitory and protective effect of obovatol against uterine fibroid (leiomyoma) cells.
REPORT- Anti-inflammatory effect of austroyunnane B on RAW264.7 cells.
Development of nutritious probiotic sportsman drink.
Yishenhuoxue formula regulates TGF-β/Smad signal transduction to protect rats against Diabetic kidney disease injury.
Determination of fucoidan in rat plasma by HPLC and its application in pharmacokinetics.
Nuclear receptor E75 is a transcription suppressor of the Litopenaeus vannamei small subunit hemocyanin gene.
[Nephrolithiasis: From mechanisms to preventive medical treatment].
C1q/TNF-related protein 5 contributes to diabetic vascular endothelium dysfunction through promoting Nox-1 signaling.
Thrombomodulin induces anti-inflammatory effects by inhibiting the rolling adhesion of leukocytes in\xa0vivo.
Selective modification of alkyne-linked peptides and proteins by cyclometalated gold(III) (C^N) complex-mediated alkynylation.
In vitro binding affinity vs. in vivo site occupancy: A PET study of four diastereomers of dihydrotetrabenazine (DTBZ) in monkey brain.
The Normalized Protein Catabolic Rate and Mortality Risk of Patients on Hemodialysis by Frailty Status: The Japanese Dialysis Outcomes and Practice...
Diet is associated with ankle-brachial index, inflammation, and ambulation in patients with intermittent claudication.
Utility of the blood urea nitrogen to serum albumin ratio as a prognostic factor of mortality in aspiration pneumonia patients.
Goat DNMT3B: An indel mutation detection, association analysis with litter size and mRNA expression in gonads.
TIGIT and PD-1 may serve as potential prognostic biomarkers for gastric cancer.
Pharmacology on Target.
Macrophage Depletion Improves Chronic Rejection in Rats With Allograft Heart Transplantation.
Hypoxia training improves hepatic steatosis partly by downregulation of CB1 receptor in obese mice.
Electronic cigarettes containing nicotine increase endothelial and platelet derived extracellular vesicles in healthy volunteers.
Identification of functional lncRNAs in pseudorabies virus type II infected cells.
Regulatory mechanism of microRNA-155 in chicken embryo fibroblasts in response to reticuloendotheliosis virus infection.
Efficacy of orally administered porcine epidemic diarrhea vaccine-loaded hydroxypropyl methylcellulose phthalate microspheres and RANKL-secreting L...
Bearing the brunt: Mongolian khulan (Equus hemionus hemionus) are exposed to multiple influenza A strains.
Complement C3aR/C5aR-binding protein Suilysin of Streptococcus suis contributes to monocyte chemotaxis.
The chemokines CCL2 and CXCL10 produced by bovine endometrial epithelial cells induce migration of bovine B lymphocytes, contributing to transuteri...
Mechanisms of β-lactam resistance of Streptococcus uberis isolated from bovine mastitis cases.
Marek \ \'  s disease virus as a CRISPR/Cas9 delivery system to defend against avian leukosis virus infection in chickens.
Establishment and characterization of the pig tonsil epithelial (PT) cell line as a new model for persist infection of Japanese Encephalitis Virus.
AAV-expressed G protein induces robust humoral and cellular immune response and provides durable protection from rabies virus challenges in mice.
Complete genome analysis of avian hepatitis E virus from chicken with hepatic rupture hemorrhage syndrome.
Multiplex immunohistochemistry as a novel tool for the topographic assessment of the bone marrow stem cell niche.
Multiplexed immunohistochemistry for immune cell phenotyping, quantification and spatial distribution in situ.
Neoantigen prediction from genomic and transcriptomic data.
Multiplex immunohistochemistry assay to evaluate the melanoma tumor microenvironment.
Production and use of adeno-associated virus vectors as tools for cancer immunotherapy.
Quantitative evaluation of tumor-specific T cells in tumors and lymphoid tissues.
Methods to assess anticancer immune responses in orthotopic bladder carcinomas.
Recent advances in functional research in Giardia intestinalis.
Microtubule organelles in Giardia.
Drug resistance in Giardia: Mechanisms and alternative treatments for Giardiasis.
Transcriptomic and proteomic analyses of Giardia intestinalis: Intestinal epithelial cell interactions.
The structural organization of Giardia intestinalis cytoskeleton.
Vascular and valvular calcification biomarkers.
Exosomes of male reproduction.
Long noncoding RNAs in cancer: From discovery to therapeutic targets.
Cultured Cordyceps sinensis polysaccharides modulate intestinal mucosal immunity and gut microbiota in cyclophosphamide-treated mice.
Proteosaccharide combinations for tissue engineering applications.
Interventions to reduce the risk of surgically transmitted Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a cost-effective modelling review.
Interaction between oocytes, cortical germ cells and granulosa cells of the mouse and bat, following the dissociation-re-aggregation of adult ovaries.
Acquisition of flavour preferences in pigs through interactions with conspecifics that had previously consumed flavoured protein solutions.
The clinical promise of biomarkers of synapse damage or loss in Alzheimer \ \'  s disease.
Metagenomic analysis reveals the microbiome and resistome in migratory birds.
New uracil analog U-332 is an inhibitor of NF-κB in 5-fluorouracil-resistant human leukemia HL-60 cell line.
Integrative systems and functional analyses reveal a role of dopaminergic signaling in myelin pathogenesis.
PARP inhibitors in pancreatic cancer: molecular mechanisms and clinical applications.
Effect of therapeutic plasma exchange on endothelial activation and coagulation-related parameters in septic shock.
An engineering probiotic producing defensin-5 ameliorating dextran sodium sulfate-induced mice colitis via Inhibiting NF-kB pathway.
LincRNA-EPS in biomimetic vesicles targeting cerebral infarction promotes inflammatory resolution and neurogenesis.
Diverged morphology changes of astrocytic and neuronal primary cilia under reactive insults.
Investigating the multi-target pharmacological mechanism of danhong injection acting on unstable angina by combined network pharmacology and molecu...
First evidence of the deletion in the pfhrp2 and pfhrp3 genes in Plasmodium falciparum from Equatorial Guinea.
The draft nuclear genome sequence and predicted mitochondrial proteome of Andalucia godoyi, a protist with the most gene-rich and bacteria-like mit...
Anti-melanogenic activity of Myristica fragrans extract against Aspergillus fumigatus using phenotypic based screening.
Enterococcus faecalis-associated lung abscess in a male adolescent- a case report.
Comprehensive proteomics investigation of P. vivax-infected human plasma and parasite isolates.
Fulminant encephalopathy in a child with hyperferritinemic sepsis: a case report.
Genome-wide identification of CNGC genes in Chinese jujube (Ziziphus jujuba Mill.) and ZjCNGC2 mediated signalling cascades in response to cold str...
Barley ROP-Interactive Partner-a organizes into RAC1- and MICROTUBULE-ASSOCIATED ROP-GTPASE ACTIVATING PROTEIN 1-dependent membrane domains.
Genome-wide discovery, and computational and transcriptional characterization of an AIG gene family in the freshwater snail Biomphalaria glabrata, ...
A Direct Comparison of Thyroid Hormone Receptor Protein Levels in Mice Provides Unexpected Insights into Thyroid Hormone Action.
The presence of IFL3/4 rs12979860 C allele influences the in\xa0vitro IP-10 production by mononuclear cells from patients with systemic lupus erythema...
Interleukin-1 Blockade Inhibits the Acute Inflammatory Response in Patients With ST-Segment-Elevation Myocardial Infarction.
Autophagy-deficiency in bone marrow mononuclear cells from patients with myasthenia gravis: a possible mechanism of pathogenesis.
Bone regeneration by bone morphogenetic protein-2 from porous beads with leaf-stacked structure for critical-sized femur defect model in dogs.
Feature article: Mesenchymal stem cells maintain the stemness of colon cancer stem cells via interleukin-8/mitogen-activated protein kinase signali...
Integrin β1D Deficiency-Mediated RyR2 Dysfunction Contributes to Catecholamine-Sensitive Ventricular Tachycardia in ARVC.
LncRNA SNHG1 promotes cell progression and metastasis via sponging miR-377-3p in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Identification of Acrylamide Adducts Generated during Storage of Canned Milk Coffee.
Heightened Cold-Denaturation of Proteins at the Ice-Water Interface.
Customizable Multiplex Antibody Array Immunoassays with Attomolar Sensitivities.
BMD42-2910, a Novel Benzoxazole Derivative, Shows a Potent Anti-prion Activity and Prolongs the Mean Survival in an Animal Model of Prion Disease.
From Bound Cells Comes a Sound Mind: The Role of Neuronal Growth Regulator 1 in Psychiatric Disorders.
Multi-wavelength coherent random laser in bio-microfibers.
HSP70 Multi-Functionality in Cancer.
Concentration- and Time-Dependent Effects of Benzalkonium Chloride in Human Lung Epithelial Cells: Necrosis, Apoptosis, or Epithelial Mesenchymal T...
Valorization of Chicken Feet By-Product of the Poultry Industry: High Qualities of Gelatin and Biofilm from Extraction of Collagen.
Ginseng Gintonin Contains Ligands for GPR40 and GPR55.
The Influences of Various Housing Systems on Growth, Carcass Traits, Meat Quality, Immunity and Oxidative Stress of Meat-Type Ducks.
RHΔgra17Δnpt1 Strain of Toxoplasma gondii Elicits Protective Immunity Against Acute, Chronic and Congenital Toxoplasmosis in Mice.
Electrospun Weak Anion-exchange Fibrous Membranes for Protein Purification.
Arabidopsis RanBP2-Type Zinc Finger Proteins Related to Chloroplast RNA Editing Factor OZ1.
MiR155-5p Inhibits Cell Migration and Oxidative Stress in Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells of Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats.
ASK1 Mediates Nur77 Expression in T-Cell Receptor Mediated Thymocyte Apoptosis.
Mevastatin-Induced AP-1-Dependent HO-1 Expression Suppresses Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule-1 Expression and Monocyte Adhesion on Human Pulmonary ...
Remote Ischemic Preconditioning induces Cardioprotective Autophagy and Signals through the IL-6-Dependent JAK-STAT Pathway.
Effects of Acute Heat Stress on a Newly Established Chicken Hepatocyte-Nonparenchymal Cell Co-Culture Model.
N-terminal Backbone Pairing Shifts in CCL5-12AAA14 Dimer Interface: Structural Significance of the FAY Sequence.
Metabolite Shifts Induced by Marathon Race Competition Differ between Athletes Based on Level of Fitness and Performance: A Substudy of the Enzy-Ma...
Pathogenic PSEN1 Glu184Gly Mutation in a Family from Thailand with Probable Autosomal Dominant Early Onset Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease.
The First Plastid Genome of the Holoparasitic Genus Prosopanche (Hydnoraceae).
High-Level Expression, Purification and Initial Characterization of Recombinant Arabidopsis Histidine Kinase AHK1.
Genotypic Variation in Resistance Gene-Mediated Calcium Signaling and Hormonal Signaling Involved in Effector-Triggered Immunity or Disease Suscept...
S-Nitroso-Proteome Revealed in Stomatal Guard Cell Response to Flg22.
Stress Responses of Shade-Treated Tea Leaves to High Light Exposure after Removal of Shading.
Almonds (Prunus Dulcis Mill. D. A. Webb): A Source of Nutrients and Health-Promoting Compounds.
Molecular Evolution and Diversification of Proteins Involved in miRNA Maturation Pathway.
ATF4-Dependent NRF2 Transcriptional Regulation Promotes Antioxidant Protection during Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Tropomyosin: An Excretory/Secretory Protein from Haemonchus contortus Mediates the Immuno-Suppressive Potential of Goat Peripheral Blood Mononuclea...
Complete Chloroplast Genomes of Chlorophytum comosum and Chlorophytum gallabatense: Genome Structures, Comparative and Phylogenetic Analysis.
Chondrogenic Differentiation from Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells Using Non-Viral Minicircle Vectors.
A Novel Digestive Proteinase Lipase Member H-A in Bombyx mori Contributes to Digestive Juice Antiviral Activity Against B. mori Nucleopolyhedrovirus.
Weaning Mice and Adult Mice Exhibit Differential Carbon Tetrachloride-Induced Acute Hepatotoxicity.
Transcriptomics and Proteomics Reveal the Cellulose and Pectin Metabolic Processes in the Tension Wood (Non-G-Layer) of Catalpa bungei.
Protein and Amino Acid Content in Four Brands of Commercial Table Eggs in Retail Markets in Relation to Human Requirements.
Destruction of Polyelectrolyte Microcapsules Formed on CaCO3 Microparticles and the Release of a Protein Included by the Adsorption Method.
Anti-stress, Glial- and Neuro-differentiation Potential of Resveratrol: Characterization by Cellular, Biochemical and Imaging Assays.
From Synthesis to Utilization: The Ins and Outs of Mitochondrial Heme.
Spatial and Pregnancy-Related Changes in the Protein, Amino Acid, and Carbohydrate Composition of Bovine Oviduct Fluid.
Genome-Wide Identification of Metal Tolerance Protein Genes in Populus trichocarpa and Their Roles in Response to Various Heavy Metal Stresses.
Functional Cyclization of Eukaryotic mRNAs.
Repositioning the Sm-Binding Site in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Telomerase RNA Reveals RNP Organizational Flexibility and Sm-Directed 3 \ \'  -End Formation.
Butyrate Decreases ICAM-1 Expression in Human Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma Cells.
Inhibition of Human Cytomegalovirus Entry into Host Cells Through a Pleiotropic Small Molecule.
Genetic Identification and Transcriptome Analysis of Lintless and Fuzzless Traits in Gossypium arboreum L.
SOX2 Represses Hepatitis B Virus Replication by Binding to the Viral EnhII/Cp and Inhibiting the Promoter Activation.
Effect of Glutamine on Antioxidant Capacity and Lipid Peroxidation in the Breast Muscle of Heat-stressed Broilers via Antioxidant Genes and HSP70 P...
A Comprehensive Transcriptomics Analysis Reveals Long Non-Coding RNA to be Involved in the Key Metabolic Pathway in Response to Waterlogging Stress...
Strategies to Prevent Biofilm Infections on Biomaterials: Effect of Novel Naturally-Derived Biofilm Inhibitors on a Competitive Colonization Model ...
Early Events in Actin Cytoskeleton Dynamics and E-Cadherin-Mediated Cell-Cell Adhesion during Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition.
Altered Growth and Envelope Properties of Polylysogens Containing Bacteriophage Lambda N-cI- Prophages.
An Overview of Crucial Dietary Substances and Their Modes of Action for Prevention of Neurodegenerative Diseases.
The Relationship Between Healthy Eating Motivation and Protein Intake in Community-Dwelling Older Adults With Varying Functional Status.
DROSHA-Dependent miRNA and AIM2 Inflammasome Activation in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
The ArathEULS3 Lectin Ends up in Stress Granules and Can Follow an Unconventional Route for Secretion.
METTL3 Modulates Osteoclast Differentiation and Function by Controlling RNA Stability and Nuclear Export.
Comparative Analysis of miRNA Expression Profiles Between Heat-Tolerant and Heat-Sensitive Genotypes of Flowering Chinese Cabbage Under Heat Stress...
Cell-Type Specific Metabolic Response of Cancer Cells to Curcumin.
miR-9-5p Inhibits Skeletal Muscle Satellite Cell Proliferation and Differentiation by Targeting IGF2BP3 through the IGF2-PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
Nonsense Mutations in the Yeast SUP35 Gene Affect the [PSI+] Prion Propagation.
LPIAT, a lyso-Phosphatidylinositol Acyltransferase, Modulates Seed Germination in Arabidopsis thaliana through PIP Signalling Pathways and is Invol...
What Are the Molecular Mechanisms by Which Functional Bacterial Amyloids Influence Amyloid Beta Deposition and Neuroinflammation in Neurodegenerati...
Extracellular Vesicles from Hyperammonemic Rats Induce Neuroinflammation and Motor Incoordination in Control Rats.
Effects of Caloric Intake and Aerobic Activity in Individuals with Prehypertension and Hypertension on Levels of Inflammatory, Adhesion and Prothro...
Glutathione-Allylsulfur Conjugates as Mesenchymal Stem Cells Stimulating Agents for Potential Applications in Tissue Repair.
Bioactive Glass (BG) ICIE16 Shows Promising Osteogenic Properties Compared to Crystallized 45S5-BG.
Novel Genetically Encoded Bright Positive Calcium Indicator NCaMP7 Based on the mNeonGreen Fluorescent Protein.
Triterpene Acids of Loquat Leaf Improve Inflammation in Cigarette Smoking Induced COPD by Regulating AMPK/Nrf2 and NFκB Pathways.
At the Crossroads of Apoptosis and Autophagy: Multiple Roles of the Co-Chaperone BAG3 in Stress and Therapy Resistance of Cancer.
Rapid and Efficient Isolation of Exosomes by Clustering and Scattering.
Efficacy of a Novel ACE-Inhibitory Peptide from Sargassum Maclurei in Hypertension and Reduction of Intracellular Endothelin-1.
Exercise Training-Induced PPARβ Increases PGC-1α Protein Stability and Improves Insulin-Induced Glucose Uptake in Rodent Muscles.
Protein Aggregation is Associated with Acinetobacter baumannii Desiccation Tolerance.
Kidney-Detrimental Factors and Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate in Preterm Newborns: The Role of Nutrition.
A Comprehensive Comparison of Bovine and Porcine Decellularized Pericardia: New Insights for Surgical Applications.
The Combination of Fasting, Acute Resistance Exercise, and Protein Ingestion Led to Different Responses of Autophagy Markers in Gastrocnemius and L...
Novel Aspects on The Interaction Between Grapevine and Plasmopara viticola: Dual-RNA-Seq Analysis Highlights Gene Expression Dynamics in The Pathog...
Assessment of Prolonged Dengue Virus Infection in Dermal Fibroblasts and Hair-Follicle Dermal Papilla Cells.
Site-Specific Fluorogenic Protein Labelling Agent for Bioconjugation.
Excess Copper-Induced Alterations of Protein Profiles and Related Physiological Parameters in Citrus Leaves.
Cannabidiol Effects on Phospholipid Metabolism in Keratinocytes from Patients with Psoriasis Vulgaris.
Chemical Characterisation and in Vitro Gas Production Kinetics of Eight Faba Bean Varieties.
Mutations in Superoxide Dismutase 1 (Sod1) Linked to Familial Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Can Disrupt High-Affinity Zinc-Binding Promoted by the ...
Long Non-Coding RNA H19 Promotes Porcine Satellite Cell Differentiation by Interacting with TDP43.
Anti-Hyperglycemic Effects of Green Crab Hydrolysates Derived by Commercially Available Enzymes.
Motor Neuron Generation from iPSCs from Identical Twins Discordant for Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
PLAG Exerts Anti-Metastatic Effects by Interfering with Neutrophil Elastase/PAR2/EGFR Signaling in A549 Lung Cancer Orthotopic Model.
Development of Fractalkine-Targeted Nanofibers that Localize to Sites of Arterial Injury.
Mitochondrial Structure and Function in the Metabolic Myopathy Accompanying Patients with Critical Limb Ischemia.
Declining Prevalence of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Septic Arthritis and Osteomyelitis in Children: Implications for Treatment.
Human IgA Monoclonal Antibodies That Neutralize Poliovirus, Produced by Hybridomas and Recombinant Expression.
Phosphite Application Alleviates Pythophthora infestans by Modulation of Photosynthetic and Physio-Biochemical Metabolites in Potato Leaves.
Exosomes are the Driving Force in Preparing the Soil for the Metastatic Seeds: Lessons from the Prostate Cancer.
MmpS5-MmpL5 Transporters Provide Mycobacterium smegmatis Resistance to imidazo[1,2-b][1,2,4,5]tetrazines.
Management Recommendations for Merkel Cell Carcinoma-A Danish Perspective.
Alpha-Synuclein Amyloid Aggregation Is Inhibited by Sulfated Aromatic Polymers and Pyridinium Polycation.
Telomeres and Telomere Length: A General Overview.
Nutrient Intake, Excretion and Use Efficiency of Grazing Lactating Herds on Commercial Dairy Farms.
mRNAsi Index: Machine Learning in Mining Lung Adenocarcinoma Stem Cell Biomarkers.
Histone Post-Translational Modifications and CircRNAs in Mouse and Human Spermatozoa: Potential Epigenetic Marks to Assess Human Sperm Quality.
Urine E-cadherin: A Marker for Early Detection of Kidney Injury in Diabetic Patients.
A New Human Blood-Retinal Barrier Model Based on Endothelial Cells, Pericytes, and Astrocytes.
Activation of JNK and p38 in MCF-7 Cells and the In Vitro Anticancer Activity of Alnus hirsuta Extract.
Enhancing the Thermo-Stability and Anti-Bacterium Activity of Lysozyme by Immobilization on Chitosan Nanoparticles.
Human Cytomegalovirus Infection Induces High Expression of Prolactin and Prolactin Receptors in Ovarian Cancer.
Microbiological and Immunological Markers in Milk and Infant Feces for Common Gastrointestinal Disorders: A Pilot Study.
Cadmium Uptake, MT Gene Activation and Structure of Large-Sized Multi-Domain Metallothioneins in the Terrestrial Door Snail Alinda biplicata (Gastr...
Effect of Caloric Restriction on BMI, Gut Microbiota, and Blood Amino Acid Levels in Non-Obese Adults.
Differential Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Proteomic Profiles of Suicide Victims with Mood Disorders.
Effect of DHT-Induced Hyperandrogenism on the Pro-Inflammatory Cytokines in a Rat Model of Polycystic Ovary Morphology.
A Solid-in-Oil Nanodispersion System for Transcutaneous Immunotherapy of Cow \ \'  s Milk Allergies.
The Influence of Diet Containing Wheat Gluten Supplemented with Dipeptides or Amino Acids on the Morphology of White Muscle of Yellow Perch (Perca ...
Oxidative Stress and Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Are Involved in the Protective Effect of Alpha Lipoic Acid Against Heat Damage in Chicken Testes.
Lamb Fattening Under Intensive Pasture-Based Systems: A Review.
A Capped Peptide of the Aggregation Prone NAC 71-82 Amino Acid Stretch of α-Synuclein Folds into Soluble β-Sheet Oligomers at Low and Elevated Pept...
Non-Collagenous Dentin Protein Binding Sites Control Mineral Formation during the Biomineralisation Process in Radicular Dentin.
Gla-Rich Protein (GRP) as an Early and Novel Marker of Vascular Calcification and Kidney Dysfunction in Diabetic Patients with CKD: A Pilot Cross-S...
Exposure to CuO Nanoparticles Mediates NFκB Activation and Enhances Amyloid Precursor Protein Expression.
MiR-202-5p Inhibits RIG-I-Dependent Innate Immune Responses to RGNNV Infection by Targeting TRIM25 to Mediate RIG-I Ubiquitination.
Zika Virus-Induction of the Suppressor of Cytokine Signaling 1/3 Contributes to the Modulation of Viral Replication.
Expression Levels of Long Non-Coding RNAs Change in Models of Altered Muscle Activity and Muscle Mass.
RNA-Sequencing Analyses of Small Bacterial RNAs and their Emergence as Virulence Factors in Host-Pathogen Interactions.
Proteomics Computational Analyses Suggest That the Envelope Glycoproteins of Segmented Jingmen Flavi-Like Viruses are Class II Viral Fusion Protein...
Enhanced Anaerobic Digestion of Long Chain Fatty Acid by Adding Magnetite and Carbon Nanotubes.
Digestive Ability, Physiological Characteristics, and Rumen Bacterial Community of Holstein Finishing Steers in Response to Three Nutrient Density ...
Characterization of Two Neutralizing Antibodies against Rift Valley Fever Virus Gn Protein.
Revealing Sources of Variation for Reproducible Imaging of Protein Assemblies by Electron Microscopy.
Integrative Metabolomics for Assessing the Effect of Insect (Hermetia illucens) Protein Extract on Rainbow Trout Metabolism.
Inhibition of Virus-Induced Cytokine Production from Airway Epithelial Cells by the Late Addition of Budesonide.
Allies or Enemies: The Role of Reactive Oxygen Species in Developmental Processes of Black Cottonwood (Populus trichocarpa).
Proteomic Analyses of Human Sperm Cells: Understanding the Role of Proteins and Molecular Pathways Affecting Male Reproductive Health.
Association between the APOA2 rs3813627 Single Nucleotide Polymorphism and HDL and APOA1 Levels Through BMI.
SIRT1 Mediates Melatonin \ \'  s Effects on Microglial Activation in Hypoxia: In Vitro and In Vivo Evidence.
Lupenone Protects Neuroblastoma SH-SY5y Cells Against Methamphetamine-Induced Apoptotic Cell Death via PI3K/Akt/mTOR Signaling Pathway.
Evaluation of the Genotoxic and Oxidative Damage Potential of Silver Nanoparticles in Human NCM460 and HCT116 Cells.
Phylogenetic Distribution, Ultrastructure, and Function of Bacterial Flagellar Sheaths.
Autophagic Inhibition via Lysosomal Integrity Dysfunction Leads to Antitumor Activity in Glioma Treatment.
Nano-Zn Increased Zn Accumulation and Triglyceride Content by Up-Regulating Lipogenesis in Freshwater Teleost, Yellow Catfish Pelteobagrus fulvidraco.
Integration of Rap1 and Calcium Signaling.
Characterization of Haemonchus contortus Excretory/Secretory Antigen (ES-15) and Its Modulatory Functions on Goat Immune Cells In Vitro.
Walnut Polyphenol Extract Protects against Malathion- and Chlorpyrifos-Induced Immunotoxicity by Modulating TLRx-NOX-ROS.
Brain alterations in high fat diet induced obesity: effects of tart cherry seeds and juice.
Survival of Recombinant Monoclonal Antibodies (IgG, IgA and sIgA) Versus Naturally-Occurring Antibodies (IgG and sIgA/IgA) in an Ex Vivo Infant Dig...
Protective Effect of Low-Molecular-Weight Fucoidan on Radiation-Induced Fibrosis Through TGF-β1/Smad Pathway-Mediated Inhibition of Collagen I Accu...
Immunoreactivity of Lupine and Soybean Allergens in Foods as Affected by Thermal Processing.
Nutritional Characteristics of Prepacked Feta PDO Cheese Products in Greece: Assessment of Dietary Intakes and Nutritional Profiles.
Alterations in Glucose Metabolism During the Transition to Heart Failure: The Contribution of UCP-2.
Protein Kinase C Isozymes and Autophagy during Neurodegenerative Disease Progression.
[Clinical characteristics and outcomes of 112 cardiovascular disease patients infected by 2019-nCoV].
Chronic Liver Disease
Magnesium Toxicity
Biochemistry, Substance P
Biochemistry, Nutrients
Histology, Kidney and Glomerulus
Biochemistry, Proteins Enzymes
Peripheral Edema
Physiology, Cellular Receptor
Histology, Axon
[Mutation-Dependent Mechanisms and Their Impact on Targeted Therapeutic Strategies with Reference to Bestrophin 1 and the Bestrophinopathies].
Author`s Reply.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor as biomarker.
A new marker for ventricular tachyarrhythmias in patients with postinfarction left ventricular aneurysm: Big endothelin-1.
Advanced glycation end products facilitate the proliferation and reduce early apoptosis of cardiac microvascular endothelial cells via PKCβ signali...
When Increase in Serum Creatinine Doesn \ \'  t Imply Kidney Damage.
Calcitriol inhibits lipopolysaccharide-induced proliferation, migration and invasion of prostate cancer cells through suppressing STAT3 signal acti...
Substituted 1-methyl-4-phenylpyrrolidin-2-ones - Fragment-based design of N-methylpyrrolidone-derived bromodomain inhibitors.
The pyrin inflammasome in host-microbe interactions.
When is a transcription factor a NAP?
Janus kinases (JAKs): The efficient therapeutic targets for autoimmune diseases and myeloproliferative disorders.
Effects of synbiotic supplementation on microbiota-derived protein-bound uremic toxins, systemic inflammation, and biochemical parameters in patien...
Tubulin Polymerization Promoting Protein (TPPP) gene methylation and corpus callosum measures in maltreated children.
Co-occurring WARS2 and CHRNA6 mutations in a child with a severe form of infantile parkinsonism.
Designing a potent L1 protein-based HPV peptide vaccine: A bioinformatics approach.
Structure-based virtual screening of influenza virus RNA polymerase inhibitors from natural compounds: Molecular dynamics simulation and MM-GBSA ca...
Binding interaction of potent HIV-1 NNRTIs, amino-oxy-diarylquinoline with the transport protein using spectroscopic and molecular docking.
Heterologous expression of wheat WRKY transcription factor genes transcriptionally activated in hybrid necrosis strains alters abiotic and biotic s...
LPS induces ALOX5 promoter activation and 5-lipoxygenase expression in human monocytic cells.
Effects of gestational Perfluorooctane Sulfonate exposure on the developments of fetal and adult Leydig cells in F1 males.
Effect of pyrolysis conditions on bone char characterization and its ability for arsenic and fluoride removal.
Sodium aescinate significantly suppress postoperative peritoneal adhesion by inhibiting the RhoA/ROCK signaling pathway.
Development of a cost-effective medium for submerged production of fungal aryl alcohol oxidase using a genetically modified Aspergillus nidulans st...
Corrigendum to "Contrasting patterns of coding and flanking region evolution in mammalian keratin associated protein-1 genes" [Mol. Phylogenet. Evo...
The mechanism of chelator improved the tolerance and accumulation of poplar to Cd explored through differential expression protein based on iTRAQ.
Sodium/calcium exchanger as main effector of endogenous neuroprotection elicited by ischemic tolerance.
A trio has turned into a quartet: DJ-1 interacts with the IP3R-Grp75-VDAC complex to control ER-mitochondria interaction.
Maternal dietary fatty acids and their roles in human placental development.
Proteomics analysis reveals the defense priming effect of chitosan oligosaccharides in Arabidopsis-Pst DC3000 interaction.
Glycodelin is internalized by peripheral monocytes.
TMT-based proteomics analysis of the anti-hepatocellular carcinoma effect of combined dihydroartemisinin and sorafenib.
Enhanced bioactive compound production in broccoli cells due to coronatine and methyl jasmonate is linked to antioxidative metabolism.
Targeting AKT/PKB to improve treatment outcomes for solid tumors.
Ice-templating of chitosan/agarose porous composite hydrogel with adjustable water-sensitive shape memory property and multi-staged degradation per...
A comparative analysis of detachment forces and energies in initial and mature cell-material interaction.
Determination of the response characteristics of anaerobic ammonium oxidation bioreactor disturbed by temperature change with the spectral fingerpr...
Integration of transcriptomics and metabolomics reveals the responses of earthworms to the long-term exposure of TiO2 nanoparticles in soil.
Modulation of LPS-induced inflammation in RAW264.7 murine cells by novel isoflavonoids from Millettia pulchra.
α-Synuclein Translocates to the Nucleus to Activate Retinoic-Acid-Dependent Gene Transcription.
The change of gravity vector induces short-term phosphoproteomic alterations in Arabidopsis.
Dysbindin promotes pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma metastasis by activating NF-κB/MDM2 via miR-342-3p.
Ectopic HOTTIP expression induces noncanonical transactivation pathways to promote growth and invasiveness in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Structural and mechanistic insights into the Keap1-Nrf2 system as a route to drug discovery.
High-fat diet induces dry eye-like ocular surface damages in murine.
Gene expression in the smut fungus Ustilago esculenta governs swollen gall metamorphosis in Zizania latifolia.
Characterization of cytotoxic effects of aristolochic acids on the vascular endothelium.
MANF delivery improves retinal homeostasis and cell replacement therapies in ageing mice.
Immuno-informatics approach to design a multi-epitope vaccine to combat cytomegalovirus infection.
Compromised immune/inflammatory responses in Rett syndrome.
Chimeric hemagglutinin supra-seasonal universal influenza vaccine candidates administered sequentially by the intramuscular route are locally and s...
Liraglutide regulates bone destruction and exhibits anti-inflammatory effects in periodontitis in vitro and in vivo.
A large-scale genetic correlation scan identified the plasma proteins associated with brain function related traits.
Transcriptomics and proteomics analysis of system-level mechanisms in the liver of apigenin-treated fibrotic rats.
Mangiferin exert cardioprotective and anti-apoptotic effects in heart failure induced rats.
lncRNA PCAT18 inhibits proliferation, migration and invasion of gastric cancer cells through miR-135b suppression to promote CLDN11 expression.
Anti-hypertensive and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory effects of Radix Astragali and its bioactive peptide AM-1.
A peptide inhibitor of macrophage migration in atherosclerosis purified from the leech Whitmania pigra.
H-type lectins - Structural characteristics and their applications in diagnostics, analytics and drug delivery.
Mesona chinensis Benth polysaccharides protect against oxidative stress and immunosuppression in cyclophosphamide-treated mice via MAPKs signal tra...
Characterization and purification via nucleic acid aptamers of a novel esterase from the metagenome of paper mill wastewater sediments.
Thiol-mediated and catecholamine-enhanced multimerization of a cerebrovascular disease enriched fragment of NOTCH3.
Transcranial direct current stimulation alleviates seizure severity in kainic acid-induced status epilepticus rats.
Role of rockfish (Sebastes schlegelii) glutaredoxin 1 in innate immunity, and alleviation of cellular oxidative stress: Insights into localization,...
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-coactivator 1-beta (PGC-1β) modulates the expression of genes involved in adipogenesis during preadipocy...
Molecular mechanisms underlying milk production and viviparity in the cockroach, Diploptera punctata.
Experiences of racial discrimination and cardiometabolic risk among Australian children.
Construction and application of a dual promoter system for efficient protein production and metabolic pathway enhancement in Bacillus licheniformis.
Biolistic transfection and expression analysis of acute cortical slices.
Heterogeneous Nuclear Ribonucleoproteins Participate in Hepatitis E Virus\xa0Replication.
Pathomechanism Heterogeneity in the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and Frontotemporal Dementia Disease Spectrum: Providing Focus Through the Lens of...
Apolipoprotein M, identified as a novel hepatitis C virus (HCV) particle associated protein, contributes to HCV assembly and interacts with E2 prot...
SLC26A7 protein is a chloride/bicarbonate exchanger and its abundance is osmolarity- and pH-dependent in renal epithelial cells.
Mixed hybrid bilayer lipid membranes on mechanically polished titanium surface.
Activation of mouse NBCe1-B by Xenopus laevis and mouse IRBITs: Role of the variable Nt appendage of IRBITs.
Glycopeptide variable window SWATH for improved data independent acquisition glycoprotein analysis.
Altered circadian clock as a novel therapeutic target for constant darkness-induced insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism of polycystic ovary syn...
Participation of CXCL1 in the glial cells during neuropathic pain.
Chemogenetics a robust approach to pharmacology and gene therapy.
Timing of dimerization of the bc1 complex during mitochondrial respiratory chain assembly.
Grape Seed Extracts Inhibit the Overexpression of Inflammatory Cytokines in Mouse Retinas and ARPE-19 Cells: Potentially Useful Dietary Supplement ...
Biochemical, Anthropometric, and Physiological Responses to Carbohydrate-Restricted Diets Versus a Low-Fat Diet in Obese Adults: A Randomized Cross...
Protective Effect of Andrographolide on Alleviating Chronic Alcoholic Liver Disease in Mice by Inhibiting Nuclear Factor Kappa B and Tumor Necrosis...
Comparative Analysis of PFOS and PFOA Toxicity on Sertoli Cells.
Yeast Surface Display System for Facilitated Production and Application of Phage Endolysin.
SIRT3 deficiency delays diabetic skin wound healing via oxidative stress and necroptosis enhancement.
Investigating Protein Thiol Chemistry Associated with Dehydroascorbate, Homocysteine and Glutathione using Mass Spectrometry.
Enzyme-Instructed Assemblies Enable Mitochondria Localization of Histone H2B in Cancer Cells.
Adult Osteosclerotic Metaphyseal Dysplasia With Progressive Osteonecrosis of the Jaws and Abnormal Bone Resorption Pattern Due to a LRRK1 Splice Si...
The Nutritional Composition and Energy Content of Donor Human Milk: A Systematic Review.
Erratum to: Porcine Prion Protein as a Paradigm of Limited Susceptibility to Prion Strain Propagation.
Interleukin-37b inhibits the growth of murine endometriosis-like lesions by regulating proliferation, invasion, angiogenesis and inflammation.
Angiotensin II promotes podocyte injury by activating Arf6-Erk1/2-Nox4 signaling pathway.
In silico\xa0analysis of the tryptophan hydroxylase 2 (TPH2) protein variants related to psychiatric disorders.
Enhancement of solute clearance using pulsatile push-pull dialysate flow for the Quanta SC+: A novel clinic-to-home haemodialysis system.
Genome-wide interaction study reveals age-dependent determinants of responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroids in individuals with asthma.
Variability in protein cargo detection in technical and biological replicates of exosome-enriched extracellular vesicles.
Voluntary wheel running has no impact on brain and liver mitochondrial DNA copy number or mutation measures in the PolG mouse model of aging.
Abnormal keratinocyte differentiation in the nasal planum of Labrador Retrievers with hereditary nasal parakeratosis (HNPK).
Polarized lung inflammation and Tie2/angiopoietin-mediated endothelial dysfunction during severe Orientia tsutsugamushi\xa0infection.
Direct coupling analysis of epistasis in allosteric materials.
Downregulation of miR-33 Has Protective Effect Against Aβ₂₅₋₃₅-Induced Injury in SH-SH-SY5Y Cells.
C9orf72 arginine-rich dipeptide repeat proteins disrupt karyopherin-mediated nuclear import.
Mannose receptor is an HIV restriction factor counteracted by Vpr in macrophages.
Determination of Protein Structural Ensembles by Hybrid-Resolution SAXS Restrained Molecular Dynamics.
Sensory Assessment of Fish and Chicken Protein Hydrolysates. Evaluation of NMR Metabolomics Profiling as a New Prediction Tool.
Engineering a Proximity-Directed O-GlcNAc Transferase for Selective Protein O-GlcNAcylation in Cells.
Encapsulation Using Plant Proteins: Thermodynamics and Kinetics of Wetting for Simple Zein Coacervates.
Impact of mannose-binding lectin 2 gene polymorphisms on disease severity in noncystic fibrosis bronchiectasis in children.
A survey of precision diagnosis and management capacity of pulmonary embolism in 90 hospitals of China.
Curcumol attenuates liver sinusoidal endothelial cell angiogenesis via regulating Glis-PROX1-HIF-1α in liver fibrosis.
Long noncoding RNA LINC00630 promotes radio-resistance by regulating BEX1 gene methylation in colorectal cancer cells.
An alternative mechanism of early nodal clustering and myelination onset in GABAergic neurons of the central nervous system.
Expression of koebnerisin (S100A15) and calgranulin A (S100A8) in lesional and perilesional skin in patients suffering from hidradenitis suppurativa.
The Arabidopsis exocyst subunits EXO70B1 and EXO70B2 regulate FLS2 homeostasis at the plasma membrane.
A VIT-like transporter facilitates iron transport into nodule symbiosomes for nitrogen fixation in soybean.
The Systems Biology of Drug Metabolizing Enzymes and Transporters: Relevance to Quantitative Systems Pharmacology.
Isolation of highly selective IgNAR variable single-domains against a human therapeutic Fc scaffold and their application as tailor-made bioprocess...
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) Activates the NOTCH1 Signaling Pathway Through E-Proteins in Endometriotic Lesions.
ProCaff: protein-carbohydrate complex binding affinity database.
A Path Recorder Algorithm for Multiple Longest Common Subsequences (MLCS) Problems.
Molecular dynamics simulations reveal distinct differences in conformational dynamics and thermodynamics between the unliganded and CD4-bound state...
Extended Treatment With Mesenchymal Stromal Cells-Frankfurt am Main (MSC-FFM, Obnitix) in a Pediatric Patient With Steroid-refractory Acute Gastroi...
Diamond-Blackfan Anemia: 2 Cases With a Twist.
Extreme intrusive force affects the expression of c-Fos and matrix metallopeptidase 9 in human dental pulp tissues.
High C-reactive protein to albumin ratio and the short-term survival prognosis within 30 days in terminal cancer patients receiving palliative care...
Visinin-like protein-1 level is associated with short-term functional outcome of acute ischemic stroke: A prospective cohort study.
Detection of extremity chronic traumatic osteomyelitis by machine learning based on computed-tomography images: A retrospective study.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the non-coding region of STIM1 gene are associated with Parkinson disease risk in Chinese Han population.
Clinical effects of hemoperfusion combined with pulse high-volume hemofiltration on septic shock.
The prognostic role of Ki-67/MIB-1 in meningioma: A systematic review with meta-analysis.
A case report of sinusoidal diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in a STK4 deficient patient.
Prognostic significance of X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein in patients with gastrointestinal tract cancers: A meta-analysis.
Analysis of factors associated with disease outcomes in hospitalized patients with 2019 novel coronavirus disease.
Genomic and Clinicopathologic Characteristics of PRKAR1A-inactivated Melanomas: Toward Genetic Distinctions of Animal-type Melanoma/Pigment Synthes...
Insulinoma-associated Protein 1 (INSM1) Is a Better Marker for the Diagnosis and Prognosis Estimation of Small Cell Lung Carcinoma Than Neuroendocr...
Prognostic and Predictive role of Excision Repair Cross-complementation Group 1 and Thymidylate Synthase in Colorectal Carcinoma Patients Received ...
Enhanced ER-associated degradation of HMG CoA reductase causes embryonic lethality associated with Ubiad1 deficiency.
A protein quality control pathway at the mitochondrial outer membrane.
Ten-Year Clinical Experience on Chylothorax after Cardiovascular Surgery.
Identification of Acinetobacter baumannii loci for capsular polysaccharide (KL) and lipooligosaccharide outer core (OCL) synthesis in genome assemb...
Development and characterization of standard reagents for cell-based prepandemic influenza vaccine products.
Protection of outbred mice against a vaginal challenge by a Chlamydia trachomatis serovar E recombinant major outer membrane protein vaccine is dep...
Identification of rhythmic human CYPs and their circadian regulators using synchronized hepatoma cells.
Advanced characterization of natural biofilm on nanofiber scaffold.
Differential Urinary Proteomic Analysis of Endometrial Cancer.
Proteomic analysis of plasma proteins after low-level laser therapy in rats.
Stem cells and physical energies: can we really drive stem cell fate?
Computational Investigation of Antifouling Property of Polyacrylamide Brushes.
Simple Calculation of Phase Diagrams for Liquid-Liquid Phase Separation in Solutions of Two Macromolecular Solute Species.
[Clinical analysis of 31 cases of 2019 novel coronavirus infection in children from six provinces (autonomous region) of northern China].
The effects of leucine and whey protein supplementation with eight weeks of resistance training on strength and body composition.
The effects of daylight exposure on melatonin levels, Kiss1 expression, and melanoma formation in mice.
Rh(III)-Catalyzed Redox-Neutral [4+2] Annulation for Direct Assembly of 3-Acyl Isoquinolin-1(2H)-ones as Potent Antitumor Agents.
TNFSF14, a novel target of miR-326, facilitates airway remodeling in airway smooth muscle cells via inducing extracellular matrix protein depositio...
Norepinephrine-CREB1-miR-373 axis promotes progression of colon cancer.
BA3338, a surface layer homology domain possessing protein augments immune response and protection efficacy of protective antigen against Bacillus ...
Uncoupling endosomal CLC chloride/proton exchange causes severe neurodegeneration.
Genome sequence of the agarwood tree Aquilaria sinensis (Lour.) Spreng: the first chromosome-level draft genome in the Thymelaeceae family.
Proteoform characterization based on top-down mass spectrometry.
IGREX for quantifying the impact of genetically regulated expression on phenotypes.
Synthesis and Structural Optimization of Iridium(III) Solvent Complex for Electrochemiluminescence Labeling of Histidine-Rich Protein and Immunoass...
Multispectroscopic and Computational Analysis Insight into the Interaction of Cationic Diester-Bonded Gemini Surfactants with Serine Protease α-Chy...
Structural Patterns and Stabilities of Hydrogen-Bonded Pairs Involving Ribonucleotide Bases and Arginine, Glutamic Acid, or Glutamine Residues of P...
Bundling of Collagen Fibrils Using Sodium Sulfate for Biomimetic Cell Culturing.
Electrostatic Switching Controls Channel Dynamics of the Sensor Protein VirB10 in A. tumefaciens Type IV Secretion System.
Characterizing Woody Breast Myopathy in a Meat Broiler Line by Heat Production, Microbiota, and Plasma Metabolites.
Protein Subdomain Enrichment of NUP155 Variants Identify a Novel Predicted Pathogenic Hotspot.
3D Co-culture of hiPSC-Derived Cardiomyocytes With Cardiac Fibroblasts Improves Tissue-Like Features of Cardiac Spheroids.
Development of Supervised Learning Predictive Models for Highly Non-linear Biological, Biomedical, and General Datasets.
The Role of Dynamic miRISC During Neuronal Development.
FUS Recognizes G Quadruplex Structures Within Neuronal mRNAs.
Pathogenesis of Celiac Disease and Other Gluten Related Disorders in Wheat and Strategies for Mitigating Them.
Peripheral Blood-Based Biopsy for Breast Cancer Risk Prediction and Early Detection.
Probe Signal Values in mRNA Arrays Imply an Excessive Involvement of Neutrophil FCGR1 in Tuberculosis.
Embryo Biopsy Can Offer More Information Than Just Ploidy Status.
Understanding Inflammatory Responses in the Manifestation of Prothrombotic Phenotypes.
CDP-Diacylglycerol Synthases (CDS): Gateway to Phosphatidylinositol and Cardiolipin Synthesis.
Fzr/Cdh1 Promotes the Differentiation of Neural Stem Cell Lineages in Drosophila.
TGF-β1 Augments the Apical Membrane Abundance of Lemur Tyrosine Kinase 2 to Inhibit CFTR-Mediated Chloride Transport in Human Bronchial Epithelia.
Interleukin 37 Suppresses M1 Macrophage Polarization Through Inhibition of the Notch1 and Nuclear Factor Kappa B Pathways.
Secretome Analysis Performed During in vitro Cardiac Differentiation: Discovering the Cardiac Microenvironment.
Regulation of the Transferrin Receptor Recycling in Hepatitis C Virus-Replicating Cells.
Dual Role of Inflammasome Adaptor ASC in Cancer.
How to Inactivate Human Ubiquitin E3 Ligases by Mutation.
Asparaginyl-tRNA Synthetase, a Novel Component of Hippo Signaling, Binds to Salvador and Enhances Yorkie-Mediated Tumorigenesis.
The Lysosomal Membrane Protein Lamp2 Alleviates Lysosomal Cell Death by Promoting Autophagic Flux in Ischemic Cardiomyocytes.
Diverse Roles of PUF Proteins in Germline Stem and Progenitor Cell Development in C. elegans.
Mitochondrial Interactome: A Focus on Antiviral Signaling Pathways.
ATR-Mediated FANCI Phosphorylation Regulates Both Ubiquitination and Deubiquitination of FANCD2.
Contribution of TGF-Beta-Mediated NLRP3-HMGB1 Activation to Tubulointerstitial Fibrosis in Rat With Angiotensin II-Induced Chronic Kidney Disease.
Non-coding RNAs Shaping Muscle.
Nanosized Delivery Systems for Therapeutic Proteins: Clinically Validated Technologies and Advanced Development Strategies.
Synthesis and Assembly of Hepatitis B Virus-Like Particles in a Pichia pastoris Cell-Free System.
Trophoblast-Targeted Nanomedicine Modulates Placental sFLT1 for Preeclampsia Treatment.
3D Bioprinting Pluripotent Stem Cell Derived Neural Tissues Using a Novel Fibrin Bioink Containing Drug Releasing Microspheres.
Getting CD19 Into Shape: Expression of Natively Folded "Difficult-to- Express" CD19 for Staining and Stimulation of CAR-T Cells.
Covalent Functionalization of Bioengineered Polyhydroxyalkanoate Spheres Directed by Specific Protein-Protein Interactions.
Multiple Site-Specific One-Pot Synthesis of Two Proteins by the Bio-Orthogonal Flexizyme System.
Inferring lncRNA Functional Similarity Based on Integrating Heterogeneous Network Data.
Nanozymes: A New Disease Imaging Strategy.
Augmented COlorimetric NANoplasmonic (CONAN) Method for Grading Purity and Determine Concentration of EV Microliter Volume Solutions.
A Pilot Study of All-Computational Drug Design Protocol-From Structure Prediction to Interaction Analysis.
Reporter-Based Screens for the Ubiquitin/Proteasome System.
Biological and Technical Challenges in Unraveling the Role of N-Glycans in Immune Receptor Regulation.
Pristine and Hydroxylated Fullerenes Prevent the Aggregation of Human Islet Amyloid Polypeptide and Display Different Inhibitory Mechanisms.
Cell Line-, Protein-, and Sialoglycosite-Specific Control of Flux-Based Sialylation in Human Breast Cells: Implications for Cancer Progression.
Supramolecular Photothermal Nanomedicine Mediated Distant Tumor Inhibition via PD-1 and TIM-3 Blockage.
Rational Drug Design of Axl Tyrosine Kinase Type I Inhibitors as Promising Candidates Against Cancer.
Identification of Immune Responses to Japanese Encephalitis Virus Specific T Cell Epitopes.
Right Atrial Myocardial Remodeling in Children With Atrial Septal Defect Involves Inflammation, Growth, Fibrosis, and Apoptosis.
Kawasaki Disease in Children Older Than 10 Years: A Clinical Experience From Northwest India.
Roles of EvpP in Edwardsiella piscicida-Macrophage Interactions.
Memantine Displays Antimicrobial Activity by Enhancing Escherichia coli Pathogen-Induced Formation of Neutrophil Extracellular Traps.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis PE31 (Rv3477) Attenuates Host Cell Apoptosis and Promotes Recombinant M. smegmatis Intracellular Survival via Up-regulat...
Endocytosis and Exocytosis in Leishmania amazonensis Are Modulated by Bromoenol Lactone.
What Are the Functions of Chitin Deacetylases in Aspergillus fumigatus?
One-Year Old Dormant, "Non-culturable" Mycobacterium tuberculosis Preserves Significantly Diverse Protein Profile.
Gastrointestinal (GI) Tract Microbiome-Derived Neurotoxins-Potent Neuro-Inflammatory Signals From the GI Tract via the Systemic Circulation Into th...
Discovery of Multitarget-Directed Ligands Against Influenza A Virus From Compound Yizhihao Through a Predictive System for Compound-Protein Interac...
Specific Integration of Temperate Phage Decreases the Pathogenicity of Host Bacteria.
The Heparin-Binding Hemagglutinin of Nocardia cyriacigeorgica GUH-2 Stimulates Inflammatory Cytokine Secretion Through Activation of Nuclear Factor...
Discovery of in vivo Virulence Genes of Obligatory Intracellular Bacteria by Random Mutagenesis.
THBS1 Is a Novel Serum Prognostic Factors of Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Identification of Therapeutic Targets and Prognostic Biomarkers Among CXC Chemokines in the Renal Cell Carcinoma Microenvironment.
PELP1 Suppression Inhibits Gastric Cancer Through Downregulation of c-Src-PI3K-ERK Pathway.
DNA-PK Inhibitor, M3814, as a New Combination Partner of Mylotarg in the Treatment of Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
From the Clinic to the Bench and Back Again in One Dog Year: How a Cross-Species Pipeline to Identify New Treatments for Sarcoma Illuminates the Pa...
Penicilazaphilone C, a New Azaphilone, Induces Apoptosis in Gastric Cancer by Blocking the Notch Signaling Pathway.
Manipulating microRNAs for the Treatment of Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma: Past, Present and Future.
Extracellular Vesicles and Chemotherapy Resistance in the AML Microenvironment.
Systemic Analysis of RNA Alternative Splicing Signals Related to the Prognosis for Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
LincRNA00494 Suppresses Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Cell Proliferation by Regulating SRCIN1 Expression as a ceRNA.
Novel Expression of EGFL7 in Osteosarcoma and Sensitivity to Cisplatin.
The CaSR in Pathogenesis of Breast Cancer: A New Target for Early Stage Bone Metastases.
miR-936 Suppresses Cell Proliferation, Invasion, and Drug Resistance of Laryngeal Squamous Cell Carcinoma and Targets GPR78.
7-Methoxy-1-Tetralone Induces Apoptosis, Suppresses Cell Proliferation and Migration in Hepatocellular Carcinoma via Regulating c-Met, p-AKT, NF-κB...
Immunometabolic Network Interactions of the Kynurenine Pathway in Cutaneous Malignant Melanoma.
Caveolin-1 Promotes Chemoresistance of Gastric Cancer Cells to Cisplatin by Activating WNT/β-Catenin Pathway.
Genomic Identification of RNA Editing Through Integrating Omics Datasets and the Clinical Relevance in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
High Expression of Integrin α3 Predicts Poor Prognosis and Promotes Tumor Metastasis and Angiogenesis by Activating the c-Src/Extracellular Signal-...
Endothelial Phosphatase VE-PTP Participates in Vasculogenic Mimicry by Preventing Autophagic Degradation of VE-Cadherin.
Oncogenic Role of PVT1 and Therapeutic Implications.
Relation of Reduction of Antibodies against Hepatitis B Virus to Hepatocellular Carcinoma Recurrence in the Patients with Resolved Hepatitis B Viru...
Transcript profiling reveals potential regulators for oxidative stress response of a necrotrophic chickpea pathogen Ascochyta rabiei.
Growth promoting effects of Pluronic F-68 on callus proliferation of recalcitrant rice cultivar.
A potential seedling-stage evaluation method for heat tolerance in Indian mustard (Brassica juncea L. Czern and Coss).
Chrysophanol improves memory ability of d-galactose and Aβ25-35 treated rat correlating with inhibiting tau hyperphosphorylation and the CaM-CaMKIV...
Retrospective study: clinicopathological features and prognosis of idiopathic membranous nephropathy with seronegative anti-phospholipase A2 recept...
Endoplasmic reticulum stress and the protein degradation system in ophthalmic diseases.
The complete mitogenome of Arion vulgaris Moquin-Tandon, 1855 (Gastropoda: Stylommatophora): mitochondrial genome architecture, evolution and phylo...
The E2F family as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets in colon cancer.
Identification and validation of key modules and hub genes associated with the pathological stage of oral squamous cell carcinoma by weighted gene ...
Genome-wide identification and expression analysis of the VQ gene family in Cicer arietinum and Medicago truncatula.
Identification of key genes associated with multiple sclerosis based on gene expression data from peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Transcriptomic and proteomic profiles of II YOU 838 (Oryza sativa) provide insights into heat stress tolerance in hybrid rice.
In Vitro Regeneration of Decellularized Pig Esophagus Using Human Amniotic Stem Cells.
Expression of Estrogen-Related Receptors in Localized Provoked Vulvodynia.
S100A4 promotes hepatocellular carcinogenesis by intensifying fibrosis-associated cancer cell stemness.
Potent immunomodulatory effects of an anti-CEA-IL-2 immunocytokine on tumor therapy and effects of stereotactic radiation.
Skin Microcolumns as a Source of Paracrine Signaling Factors.
Effect of Flightless I Expression on Epidermal Stem Cell Niche During Wound Repair.
Therapeutic strategies in an outbreak scenario to treat the novel coronavirus originating in Wuhan, China.
Proteomic Classification and Identification of Proteins Related to Tissue Healing of Platelet-Rich Plasma.
[Multiparametric biochemical analysis revealing an increase of homocysteinemia and NT-proBNP in hypertensive patients living in Bamako (Mali)].
Gender-related metabolic outcomes of laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy in 6-month follow-up.
Laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy: a study of efficiency in treatment of metabolic syndrome components, comorbidities and influence on certain bioche...
Identification of Specific Long Non-Coding Ribonucleic Acid Signatures and Regulatory Networks in Prostate Cancer in Fine-Needle Aspiration Biopsies.
Integrated Analysis of Large-Scale Omics Data Revealed Relationship Between Tissue Specificity and Evolutionary Dynamics of Small RNAs in Maize (Ze...
MicroRNA-206 Regulation of Skin Pigmentation in Koi Carp (Cyprinus carpio L.).
Epigenetic Modifications May Regulate the Activation of the Hypopharyngeal Gland of Honeybees (Apis Mellifera) During Winter.
Systematic Nucleotide Exchange Analysis of ESTs From the Human Cancer Genome Project Report: Origins of 347 Unknown ESTs Indicate Putative Transcri...
Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Activation in Alport Syndrome Varies Between Genotype and Cell Type.
Functional Innovation in the Evolution of the Calcium-Dependent System of the Eukaryotic Endoplasmic Reticulum.
Varying Architecture of Heat Shock Elements Contributes to Distinct Magnitudes of Target Gene Expression and Diverged Biological Pathways in Heat S...
Identification of the Prognosis-Related lncRNAs and Genes in Gastric Cancer.
FCTP-WSRC: Protein-Protein Interactions Prediction via Weighted Sparse Representation Based Classification.
A Three-Gene Classifier Associated With MicroRNA-Mediated Regulation Predicts Prostate Cancer Recurrence After Radical Prostatectomy.
Corrigendum: Identification of Breast Cancer Subtype Specific MicroRNAs Using Survival Analysis to Find Their Role in Transcriptomic Regulation.
Germ Cell-Specific Gene 1-Like Protein Regulated by Splicing Factor CUGBP Elav-Like Family Member 5 and Primary Bile Acid Biosynthesis are Prognost...
The Sole Mycobacterium smegmatis MazF Toxin Targets tRNALys to Impart Highly Selective, Codon-Dependent Proteome Reprogramming.
Genome-Wide Association Study Uncovers Novel Genomic Regions Associated With Coleoptile Length in Hard Winter Wheat.
Genome-Wide Analysis of the DREB Subfamily in Saccharum spontaneum Reveals Their Functional Divergence During Cold and Drought Stresses.
An Information Entropy-Based Approach for Computationally Identifying Histone Lysine Butyrylation.
Identification and Characterization of Nep1-Like Proteins From the Grapevine Downy Mildew Pathogen Plasmopara viticola.
Cross-Species Functional Conservation and Possible Origin of the N-Terminal Specificity Domain of Mitochondrial Presequences.
Principles, Applications, and Biosafety of Plant Genome Editing Using CRISPR-Cas9.
The Role of Grass MUTE Orthologues During Stomatal Development.
Chromatin Remodeling Protein ZmCHB101 Regulates Nitrate-Responsive Gene Expression in Maize.
The Rice Xa3 Gene Confers Resistance to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae in the Model Rice Kitaake Genetic Background.
Stepwise Biogenesis of Subpopulations of Lipid Droplets in Nitrogen Starved Phaeodactylum tricornutum Cells.
Calcium-Regulated Phosphorylation Systems Controlling Uptake and Balance of Plant Nutrients.
Editorial: Biostimulants in Agriculture.
Transcriptional and Post-Transcriptional Regulation and Transcriptional Memory of Chromatin Regulators in Response to Low Temperature.
Biocontrol by Fusarium oxysporum Using Endophyte-Mediated Resistance.
Algal Autophagy Is Necessary for the Regulation of Carbon Metabolism Under Nutrient Deficiency.
The Evolutionarily Conserved Serine Residues in BRI1 LRR Motifs Are Critical for Protein Secretion.
Molecular Basis of Plant Oil Biosynthesis: Insights Gained From Studying the WRINKLED1 Transcription Factor.
The Full-Size ABCG Transporter of Medicago truncatula Is Involved in Strigolactone Secretion, Affecting Arbuscular Mycorrhiza.
Molecular and Functional Characterization of CaNAC035, an NAC Transcription Factor From Pepper (Capsicum annuum L.).
Systems-Based Approaches to Unravel Networks and Individual Elements Involved in Apple Superficial Scald.
The Integration of Multiple Nuclear-Encoded Transgenes in the Green Alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii Results in Higher Transcription Levels.
Pores for Thought: Can Genetic Manipulation of Stomatal Density Protect Future Rice Yields?
The MADS-Box Gene CsSHP Participates in Fruit Maturation and Floral Organ Development in Cucumber.
Soybean Stem Canker Caused by Diaporthe caulivora; Pathogen Diversity, Colonization Process, and Plant Defense Activation.
Engineered Nanomaterials and Type I Allergic Hypersensitivity Reactions.
Bacillus S-Layer-Mediated Innate Interactions During Endophthalmitis.
Autoantibody Specificities in Myasthenia Gravis; Implications for Improved Diagnostics and Therapeutics.
Hepatocyte-Specific Deletion of AMPKα1 Results in Worse Outcomes in Mice Subjected to Sepsis in a Sex-Specific Manner.
Autophagy Protects Against Developing Increased Lung Permeability and Hypoxemia by Down Regulating Inflammasome Activity and IL-1β in LPS Plus Mech...
CD1b Tetramers Broadly Detect T Cells That Correlate With Mycobacterial Exposure but Not Tuberculosis Disease State.
The Methyl-CpG-Binding Protein Mbd2 Regulates Susceptibility to Experimental Colitis via Control of CD11c+ Cells and Colonic Epithelium.
TLR2-Melatonin Feedback Loop Regulates the Activation of NLRP3 Inflammasome in Murine Allergic Airway Inflammation.
Hybrid Antigens Expressing Surface Loops of ZnuD From Acinetobacter baumannii Is Capable of Inducing Protection Against Infection.
A Systematic Investigation on Complement Pathway Activation in Diabetic Retinopathy.
Sedimentation Velocity Analytical Ultracentrifugation of Oxidized Recombinant Full-Length Factor VIII.
Placental Protein 13 (Galectin-13) Polarizes Neutrophils Toward an Immune Regulatory Phenotype.
Editorial: The Role of Complement in Tumors.
Various Tastes of Sugar: The Potential of Glycosylation in Targeting and Modulating Human Immunity via C-Type Lectin Receptors.
Neoantigens in Hematologic Malignancies.
Monomeric C-Reactive Protein in Serum With Markedly Elevated CRP Levels Shares Common Calcium-Dependent Ligand Binding Properties With an in vitro ...
Evolutionary Origin of the P2X7 C-ter Region: Capture of an Ancient Ballast Domain by a P2X4-Like Gene in Ancient Jawed Vertebrates.
Cervical Gene Delivery of the Antimicrobial Peptide, Human β-Defensin (HBD)-3, in a Mouse Model of Ascending Infection-Related Preterm Birth.
Cell-Mediated Immune Responses to in vivo-Expressed and Stage-Specific Mycobacterium tuberculosis Antigens in Latent and Active Tuberculosis Across...
TRIM21 Dysfunction Enhances Aberrant B-Cell Differentiation in Autoimmune Pathogenesis.
Citrullination Alters the Antiviral and Immunomodulatory Activities of the Human Cathelicidin LL-37 During Rhinovirus Infection.
Streptococcal Extracellular Membrane Vesicles Are Rapidly Internalized by Immune Cells and Alter Their Cytokine Release.
Adaptive Immunity: New Aspects of Pathogenesis Underlying Neurodegeneration in Glaucoma and Optic Neuropathy.
Transcriptomic Features of T Cell-Barren Tumors Are Conserved Across Diverse Tumor Types.
Activation of the Kynurenine Pathway in Human Malignancies Can Be Suppressed by the Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Inhibitor Dinaciclib.
The Immunomodulatory Properties of the Human Amnion-Derived Mesenchymal Stromal/Stem Cells Are Induced by INF-γ Produced by Activated Lymphomonocyt...
NS5 Conservative Site Is Required for Zika Virus to Restrict the RIG-I Signaling.
Identification of 67 Pleiotropic Genes Associated With Seven Autoimmune/Autoinflammatory Diseases Using Multivariate Statistical Analysis.
Computational Prediction and Validation of Tumor-Associated Neoantigens.
Phosphoinositides and the Fate of Legionella in Phagocytes.
Immunoregulatory Effects of Stem Cell-Derived Extracellular Vesicles on Immune Cells.
Characteristic Cytokine Profiles of Aqueous Humor in Glaucoma Secondary to Sturge-Weber Syndrome.
Extracellular Vesicle lncRNA Metastasis-Associated Lung Adenocarcinoma Transcript 1 Released From Glioma Stem Cells Modulates the Inflammatory Resp...
CEACAM3-A Prim(at)e Invention for Opsonin-Independent Phagocytosis of Bacteria.
The Emerging Roles of Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Balancing Immunity and Tolerance in Health and Diseases: Mechanisms and Opportunities.
Crucial Involvement of IL-6 in Thrombus Resolution in Mice via Macrophage Recruitment and the Induction of Proteolytic Enzymes.
Guanylate-Binding Protein 1: An Emerging Target in Inflammation and Cancer.
Advances in Targeting the Innate and Adaptive Immune Systems to Cure Chronic Hepatitis B Virus Infection.
KSHV: Immune Modulation and Immunotherapy.
Detection of Methicillin Resistance in Staphylococcus aureus From Agar Cultures and Directly From Positive Blood Cultures Using MALDI-TOF Mass Spec...
Passion Fruit Green Spot Virus Genome Harbors a New Orphan ORF and Highlights the Flexibility of the 5 \ \'  -End of the RNA2 Segment Across Cileviruses.
Metabolic Implications of Using BioOrthogonal Non-Canonical Amino Acid Tagging (BONCAT) for Tracking Protein Synthesis.
Bioprocess for Production, Characteristics, and Biotechnological Applications of Fungal Phytases.
Host Transcriptional Response of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum Induced by the Mycoparasite Coniothyrium minitans.
Synthesis, Regulation and Degradation of Carotenoids Under Low Level UV-B Radiation in the Filamentous Cyanobacterium Chlorogloeopsis fritschii PCC...
Enterococcus faecalis Adapts to Antimicrobial Conjugated Oligoelectrolytes by Lipid Rearrangement and Differential Expression of Membrane Stress Re...
A Moraxella Virulence Factor Catalyzes an Essential Esterase Reaction of Biotin Biosynthesis.
High Levels of miR-483-3p Are Present in Serum Exosomes Upon Infection of Mice With Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza Virus.
Expression, Purification and Characterization of the Hepatitis E Virus Like-Particles in the Pichia pastoris.
Functional Division Between the RecA1 and RecA2 Proteins in Myxococcus xanthus.
One Step Ahead: Herpesviruses Light the Way to Understanding Interferon-Stimulated Genes (ISGs).
Distinct Types of Gut Microbiota Dysbiosis in Hospitalized Gastroenterological Patients Are Disease Non-related and Characterized With the Predomin...
Differential Responses by Human Macrophages to Infection With Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Non-tuberculous Mycobacteria.
YjbH Solubility Controls Spx in Staphylococcus aureus: Implication for MazEF Toxin-Antitoxin System Regulation.
Heat and Pressure Resistance in Escherichia coli Relates to Protein Folding and Aggregation.
Pathogenicity Characterization of Prevalent-Type Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp. equisimilis Strains.
Molecular and Biochemical Characterization of YeeF/YezG, a Polymorphic Toxin-Immunity Protein Pair From Bacillus subtilis.
Isolation, Characterization, and Complete Genome Sequence of a Bradyrhizobium Strain Lb8 From Nodules of Peanut Utilizing Crack Entry Infection.
Bacillus subtilis RarA Acts as a Positive RecA Accessory Protein.
Phosphoglycerate Kinase Is Involved in Carbohydrate Utilization, Extracellular Polysaccharide Biosynthesis, and Cell Motility of Xanthomonas axonop...
Gastric Damage and Cancer-Associated Biomarkers in Helicobacter pylori-Infected Children.
EF1025, a Hypothetical Protein From Enterococcus faecalis, Interacts With DivIVA and Affects Cell Length and Cell Shape.
Finegoldia magna, an Anaerobic Gram-Positive Bacterium of the Normal Human Microbiota, Induces Inflammation by Activating Neutrophils.
RcLS2F - A Novel Fungal Class 1 KDAC Co-repressor Complex in Aspergillus nidulans.
Coxsackievirus A6 Induces Necroptosis for Viral Production.
The E3 Ubiquitin Ligase SIAH1 Targets MyD88 for Proteasomal Degradation During Dengue Virus Infection.
A Pilot Study of the Humoral Response Against the AntiSense Protein (ASP) in HIV-1-Infected Patients.
Characterization of Acinetobacter baumannii Copper Resistance Reveals a Role in Virulence.
Ectopic Expression of Rv0023 Mediates Isoniazid/Ethionamide Tolerance via Altering NADH/NAD+ Levels in Mycobacterium smegmatis.
Proteomic Investigation Uncovers Potential Targets and Target Sites of Pneumococcal Serine-Threonine Kinase StkP and Phosphatase PhpP.
A High-Throughput Interbacterial Competition Screen Identifies ClpAP in Enhancing Recipient Susceptibility to Type VI Secretion System-Mediated Att...
Editorial: Vitamin D Binding Protein, Total and Free Vitamin D Levels in Different Physiological and Pathophysiological Conditions.
Child Head Circumference and Placental MFSD2a Expression Are Associated to the Level of MFSD2a in Maternal Blood During Pregnancy.
Stathmin-2 Mediates Glucagon Secretion From Pancreatic α-Cells.
High Fidelity of Mouse Models Mimicking Human Genetic Skeletal Disorders.
Defective Gating and Proteostasis of Human ClC-1 Chloride Channel: Molecular Pathophysiology of Myotonia Congenita.
Posterior Reversible Encephalopathy Syndrome: Clinical Features and Outcome.
A Novel CCM2 Gene Mutation Associated With Cerebral Cavernous Malformation.
Increased CSF Soluble TREM2 Concentration in Patients With Neurosyphilis.
The Need for SMN-Independent Treatments of Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) to Complement SMN-Enhancing Drugs.
A Clinicopathological Report of a 93-Year-Old Former Street Boxer With Coexistence of Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy, Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease, Dement...
C2H2-Type Zinc Finger Proteins in Brain Development, Neurodevelopmental, and Other Neuropsychiatric Disorders: Systematic Literature-Based Analysis.
Effects of Aberrant miR-384-5p Expression on Learning and Memory in a Rat Model of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
In vivo Mechanisms of Antibody-Mediated Neurological Disorders: Animal Models and Potential Implications.
Transgenic Analyses of Homer2 Function Within Nucleus Accumbens Subregions in the Regulation of Methamphetamine Reward and Reinforcement in Mice.
Intracellular Chloride Channels: Novel Biomarkers in Diseases.
Divergent Roles of Inflammation in Skeletal Muscle Recovery From Injury.
Phosphorus Restriction Changes the Expression of Fibroblast Growth Factor 23 and Its Receptors in Laying Hens.
Disrupted Protein Expression and Altered Proteolytic Events in Hypophosphatemic Dentin Can Be Rescued by Dentin Matrix Protein 1.
Editorial: Integrated Omics for Defining Interactomes.
JAK2 Mediates the Regulation of Pept1 Expression by Leptin in the Grass Carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) Intestine.
Elevated β1-Adrenergic Receptor Autoantibody Levels Increase Atrial Fibrillation Susceptibility by Promoting Atrial Fibrosis.
Puerarin Attenuates Diabetic Nephropathy by Promoting Autophagy in Podocytes.
Corrigendum: Contribution of Connexin Hemichannels to the Decreases in Cell Viability Induced by Linoleic Acid in the Human Lens Epithelial Cells (...
Evaluation of an Antioxidant and Anti-inflammatory Cocktail Against Human Hypoactivity-Induced Skeletal Muscle Deconditioning.
Coenzyme Q10 Activates the Antioxidant Machinery and Inhibits the Inflammatory and Apoptotic Cascades Against Lead Acetate-Induced Renal Injury in ...
Hypothalamic agrp and pomc mRNA Responses to Gastrointestinal Fullness and Fasting in Atlantic Salmon (Salmo salar, L.).
Sanhua Decoction, a Classic Herbal Prescription, Exerts Neuroprotection Through Regulating Phosphorylated Tau Level and Promoting Adult Endogenous ...
Gestational Perfluorooctanoic Acid Exposure Inhibits Placental Development by Dysregulation of Labyrinth Vessels and uNK Cells and Apoptosis in Mice.
Age and Sex Differences in Hearts of Soluble Epoxide Hydrolase Null Mice.
Modulation of Calcium Transients in Cardiomyocytes by Transient Receptor Potential Canonical 6 Channels.
Remarkable Homeostasis of Protein Sialylation in Skeletal Muscles of Hibernating Daurian Ground Squirrels (Spermophilus dauricus).
Dexmedetomidine Exerted Anti-arrhythmic Effects in Rat With Ischemic Cardiomyopathy via Upregulation of Connexin 43 and Reduction of Fibrosis and I...
Distinct Cell Types With the Bitter Receptor Tas2r126 in Different Compartments of the Stomach.
Myoendothelial Junctions of Mature Coronary Vessels Express Notch Signaling Proteins.
Changes in Biochemical Composition and Energy Reserves Associated With Sexual Maturation of Octopus maya.
Compliant Titin Isoform Content Is Reduced in Left Ventricles of Sedentary Versus Active Rats.
Renal Glomerular Mitochondria Function in Salt-Sensitive Hypertension.
Distinct Types of Cell Death and the Implication in Diabetic Cardiomyopathy.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 10 Attenuates Renal Damage by Regulating Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress After Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury.
Clonal Selection of a Novel Deleterious TP53 Somatic Mutation Discovered in ctDNA of a KIT/PDGFRA Wild-Type Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor Resistan...
Challenges and Opportunities for Therapeutic Targeting of Calmodulin Kinase II in Heart.
Clemastine Fumarate Protects Against Myocardial Ischemia Reperfusion Injury by Activating the TLR4/PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
Celastrol Suppresses Glioma Vasculogenic Mimicry Formation and Angiogenesis by Blocking the PI3K/Akt/mTOR Signaling Pathway.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 22 Inhibits ER Stress-Induced Apoptosis and Improves Recovery of Spinal Cord Injury.
Naturally Occurring TPE-CA Maintains Gut Microbiota and Bile Acids Homeostasis via FXR Signaling Modulation of the Liver-Gut Axis.
TSG-6 Inhibits Oxidative Stress and Induces M2 Polarization of Hepatic Macrophages in Mice With Alcoholic Hepatitis via Suppression of STAT3 Activa...
Corilagin Alleviates Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in High-Fat Diet-Induced C57BL/6 Mice by Ameliorating Oxidative Stress and Restoring Autophag...
Desmetramadol Is Identified as a G-Protein Biased µ Opioid Receptor Agonist.
Myricetin, the Main Flavonoid in Syzygium cumini Leaf, Is a Novel Inhibitor of Platelet Thiol Isomerases PDI and ERp5.
High Glucose-Induced TRPC6 Channel Activation Decreases Glutamate Uptake in Rat Retinal Müller Cells.
Kaempferol Improves Lung Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury via Antiinflammation and Antioxidative Stress Regulated by SIRT1/HMGB1/NF-κB Axis.
Alterations of Astrocytes in the Context of Schizophrenic Dementia.
Protective Effect of Bruguiera gymnorrhiza (L.) Lam. Fruit on Dextran Sulfate Sodium-Induced Ulcerative Colitis in Mice: Role of Keap1/Nrf2 Pathway...
Five Constituents in Psoralea corylifolia L. Attenuate Palmitic Acid-Induced Hepatocyte Injury via Inhibiting the Protein Kinase C-α/Nicotinamide-A...
Electroacupuncture Ameliorates Cognitive Impairment by Inhibiting the JNK Signaling Pathway in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease.
Electrophile Signaling and Emerging Immuno- and Neuro-modulatory Electrophilic Pharmaceuticals.
Locally-Induced CaMKII Translocation Requires Nucleotide Binding.
Plasticity in the Brainstem: Prenatal and Postnatal Experience Can Alter Laterodorsal Tegmental (LDT) Structure and Function.
Zebrafish Astroglial Morphology in the Olfactory Bulb Is Altered With Repetitive Peripheral Damage.
IRSp53 Deletion in Glutamatergic and GABAergic Neurons and in Male and Female Mice Leads to Distinct Electrophysiological and Behavioral Phenotypes.
Cellular Senescence in Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Long Term Gene Expression in Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells and Cerebral Organoids to Model a Neurodegenerative Disease.
Indoleamine-2,3-Dioxygenase Mediates Emotional Deficits by the Kynurenine/Tryptophan Pathway in the Ethanol Addiction/Withdrawal Mouse Model.
Multiple Domains in the Kv7.3 C-Terminus Can Regulate Localization to the Axon Initial Segment.
rTMS Regulates the Balance Between Proliferation and Apoptosis of Spinal Cord Derived Neural Stem/Progenitor Cells.
Expanding Clinical Presentations Due to Variations in THOC2 mRNA Nuclear Export Factor.
Editorial: Shankopathies: Shank Protein Deficiency-Induced Synaptic Diseases.
Fibrogenesis in LAMA2-Related Muscular Dystrophy Is a Central Tenet of Disease Etiology.
Peripheral Delta Opioid Receptors Mediate Formoterol Anti-allodynic Effect in a Mouse Model of Neuropathic Pain.
Alcohol Intoxication and Cognition: Implications on Mechanisms and Therapeutic Strategies.
Hierarchical Clustering Analyses of Plasma Proteins in Subjects With Cardiovascular Risk Factors Identify Informative Subsets Based on Differential...
A Connected Network of Interacting Proteins Is Involved in Human-Tau Toxicity in Drosophila.
Cynomolgus Monkeys With Spontaneous Type-2-Diabetes-Mellitus-Like Pathology Develop Alpha-Synuclein Alterations Reminiscent of Prodromal Parkinson \ \'  ...
Social Company by a Receptive Mating Partner Facilitates Fear Extinction.
Axonal Endoplasmic Reticulum Dynamics and Its Roles in Neurodegeneration.
Neurodegenerative Susceptibility During Maternal Nutritional Programing: Are Central and Peripheral Innate Immune Training Relevant?
Benefits of implementing a rapid access clinic in a high-volume inflammatory bowel disease center: Access, resource utilization and outcomes.
Role of Tenascin-X in regulating TGF-β/Smad signaling pathway in pathogenesis of slow transit constipation.
Proteomic insights on the metabolism in inflammatory bowel disease.
Sequential extraction of protein and inulin from the tubers of Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus L.).
Chinese quince seed proteins: sequential extraction processing and fraction characterization.
Characterization of the behavior of carotenoids from pitanga (Eugenia uniflora) and buriti (Mauritia flexuosa) during microemulsion production and ...
Nutritional, biochemical and microbiological composition of Borassus aethiopum Mart. sap in Burkina Faso.
Effect of proteases and alcohols used for debittering on characteristics and antioxidative activity of protein hydrolysate from salmon frames.
Multivariate analysis applied for correlations between analytical measures and sensory profile of goat milk chocolate.
Phenolic compounds of grape stems and their capacity to precipitate proteins from model wine.
Encapsulation of grape seed extract phenolics using whey protein concentrate, maltodextrin and gum arabica blends.
Protein hydrolysate from yellowfin tuna red meat as fortifying and stabilizing agent in mayonnaise.
Expression changes of BIK in breast cancer tissues of different histological subtypes.
Evaluation of C-reactive protein, procalcitonin and the PCR/PCT index as indicators of mortality in abdominal sepsis.
Stable Knockdown of Genes Encoding Extracellular Matrix Proteins in the C2C12 Myoblast Cell Line Using Small-Hairpin (sh)RNA.
Bioparticle Microarrays for Chemotactic and Molecular Analysis of Human Neutrophil Swarming in vitro.
A Co-Culture Method to Study Neurite Outgrowth in Response to Dental Pulp Paracrine Signals.
Spalt-Like Protein 4 (SALL4) Promotes Angiogenesis by Activating Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor A (VEGFA) Signaling.
Environmental Enrichment Rescues Functional Deficit and Alters Neuroinflammation in a Transgenic Model of Tauopathy.
High Mobility Group Box 1 Ameliorates Cognitive Impairment in the 3×Tg-AD Mouse Model.
Impact of Vitamin D Binding Protein Levels on Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Construction and development of FimH lectin domain for rising immune response after injection by uropathogenic E. coli.
Thrombotic risk in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria-like (PNH-like) phenotype.
The analysis of the levels of plasma inflammation-related cytokines and endotoxins in patients with acute aortic dissection.
MiR-30a suppresses metastasis of gastric adenocarcinoma via targeting FAPα.
Identification of hub genes and pathways in cholangiocarcinoma by coexpression analysis.
[Electroanalytical and electrocatalytical characteristics of cytochrome P450 3A4 using electrodes modified with nanocomposite carbon nanomaterials].
[Ligand-receptor binding kinetics in drug design].
[Computer-aided drug design: from discovery of novel pharmaceutical agents to systems pharmacology].
[Modification of cysteine residues for mass spectrometry-based proteomic analysis: facts and artifacts].
A proposal on how to assess the weight of the subjective components of the DAPSA in patients with psoriatic arthritis and comorbid fibromyalgia syn...
Organic selenium supplement partially alleviated diquat-induced oxidative insults and hepatic metabolic stress in nursery pigs.
Increased NID1 Expression among Breast Cancer Lung Metastatic Women; A Comparative Analysis between Naive and Treated Cases.
Lepidine B from Lepidium Sativum Seeds as Multi-Functional Anti-Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease Agent: In Vitro and In Silico Studies.
Molecular Docking and Dynamics Simulation Analysis of Thymoquinone and Thymol Compounds from Nigella sativa L. that Inhibits Cag A and Vac A Oncopr...
Curcumin sensitizes cancers towards TRAIL-induced apoptosis via extrinsic and intrinsic apoptotic pathways.
TNF Receptor:Fc Fusion Protein Downregulates RANKL/OPG Ratio by Inhibiting CXCL16/CXCR6 in Active Ankylosing Spondylitis.
Dietary baicalin zinc supplementation alleviates oxidative stress and enhances nutrition absorption in deoxynivalenol challenged pigs.
Identification of novel mobile colistin resistance gene mcr-10.
GR-mediated FTO transactivation induces lipid accumulation in hepatocytes via demethylation of m6A on lipogenic mRNAs.
Gonococcal urethritis caused by a multidrug resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae strain with high-level resistance to spectinomycin in China.
Structural and functional characterization of chitin binding lectin from Datura stramonium: insights from phylogenetic analysis, protein structure ...
Insight of druggable cannabinoids against estrogen receptor β in breast cancer.
A ROD9 island encoded gene in Salmonella Enteritidis plays an important role in acid tolerance response and helps in systemic infection in mice.
The zinc finger domains in U2AF26 and U2AF35 have diverse functionalities including a role in controlling translation.
Fetal ovine skeletal and cardiac muscle transcriptomics are differentially altered by increased maternal cortisol during gestation.
Oncogenic role of MIR516A in human bladder cancer was mediated by its attenuating PHLPP2 expression and BECN1-dependent autophagy.
Oxytocin ameliorates bone cancer pain by suppressing toll-like receptor 4 and proinflammatory cytokines in rat spinal cord.
Methods for detecting toxic α-synuclein species as a biomarker for Parkinson \ \'  s disease.
Coxiella effector protein CvpF subverts RAB26-dependent autophagy to promote vacuole biogenesis and virulence.
The proppin Bcas3 and its interactor KinkyA localize to the early phagophore and regulate autophagy.
TRAPPing a neurological disorder: from yeast to humans.
Metabolism and disposition of corylifol A from Psoralea corylifolia: metabolite mapping, isozyme contribution, species differences and identificati...
Sinomenine alleviates lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammatory responses in RAW264.7 macrophages.
A comprehensive review of treatment options for recalcitrant nongenital cutaneous warts.
Effect of Class Switch Recombination Defect on the Phenotype of Ataxia-Telangiectasia Patients.
Alzheimer \ \'  s disease: phenotypic approaches using disease models and the targeting of tau protein.
Lipid-based nanoformulations in the treatment of neurological disorders.
SNX27 regulates DRA activity and mediates its direct recycling by PDZ-interaction in early endosomes at the apical pole of Caco2 cells.
Unraveling the transcriptional determinants of Liver Sinusoidal Endothelial Cell specialization.
Testosterone modulates renal ammonia metabolism.
Reduced O-GlcNAcylation and tubular hypoxia contribute to the antifibrotic effect of SGLT2 inhibitor dapagliflozin in the diabetic kidney.
Systems analysis of benign bladder disorders: insights from omics analysis.
Proton-sensing G protein-coupled receptors: detectors of tumor acidosis and candidate drug targets.
Monocyte/HDL ratio predicts hypertensive complications.
The Role of Cyclooxygenases-2 in Benzo(a)pyrene-Induced Neurotoxicity of Cortical Neurons.
How a Virus Circumvents Energy Barriers to Form Symmetric Shells.
[Autologous bone grafting versus bone morphogenetic protein treatment for nonunion of long bone fractures in adults：a Meta analysis].
[Experimental study on the inhibition of Formononetin on the differentiation of osteoclasts induced by RANKL].
[Application of absorbable hemostatic fluid gelatin in anterior cervical subtotal vertebral resection and fusion].
Spinal P2X7R contributes to streptozotocin-induced mechanical allodynia in mice.
Roles of PTBP1 in alternative splicing, glycolysis, and oncogensis.
Salinity tolerance in barley during germination- homologs and potential genes.
Characterisation of a novel cold-adapted calcium-activated transglutaminase: implications for medicine and food processing.
Apolipoprotein E promotes white matter remodeling via the Dab1-dependent pathway after traumatic brain injury.
Longitudinal studies of putative growth hormone (GH) biomarkers and hematological and steroidal parameters in relation to 2 weeks administration of...
Effect of laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy on renal function in obese patients.
USP7-dependent control of myogenin stability is required for terminal differentiation in skeletal muscle progenitors.
Polyphenol-Mediated Assembly of Proteins for Engineering Functional Materials.
A metabolomics-based molecular pathway analysis of how the sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor dapagliflozin may slow kidney function decline...
Programmed death-ligand 1 gene expression is a prognostic marker in early breast cancer and provides additional prognostic value to 21-gene and 70-...
Troxerutin downregulates C/EBP-β gene expression via modulating the IFNγ-ERK1/2 signaling pathway to ameliorate rotenone-induced retinal neurodegen...
Protective effects of Genistein on the cognitive deficits induced by chronic sleep deprivation.
Production of novel beneficial alleles of a rice yield-related QTL by CRISPR/Cas9.
Saccharide analog, 2-deoxy-d-glucose enhances 4-1BB-mediated antitumor immunity via PD-L1 deglycosylation.
Entropy-driven binding of octyl gallate in albumin: Failure in the application of temperature effect to distinguish dynamic and static fluorescence...
Functions of beta2-adrenergic receptor in human periodontal ligament cells.
Reproductive tract development and histomorphometric analysis of testes in neonatal Zaraibi kids raised on milk replacer supplemented with sodium b...
FAM20C phosphorylation of the RGDSVVYGLR motif in osteopontin inhibits interaction with the αvβ3 integrin.
MeCP2 epigenetically regulates alpha-smooth muscle actin in human lung fibroblasts.
A plant-specific SWR1 chromatin-remodeling complex couples histone H2A.Z deposition with nucleosome sliding.
IRF2-INPP4B axis inhibits apoptosis of acute myeloid leukaemia cells via regulating T helper 1/2 cell differentiation.
Determination of free clindamycin, flucloxacillin or tedizolid in plasma: Pay attention to physiological conditions when using ultrafiltration.
Efficacy of soil-borne Enterobacter sp. for carbofuran degradation: HPLC quantitation of degradation rate.
Glucose regulates hypoxia-induced NLRP3 inflammasome activation in macrophages.
Proteomics reveals different pathological processes of adipose tissue, liver, and skeletal muscle under insulin resistance.
Molecular and tissue mechanisms of catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia.
The mysterious life of the plant trans-Golgi network: advances and tools to understand it better.
Gastrointestinal toxicity during induction treatment for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: The impact of the gut microbiota.
Defects in long-chain 3-hydroxy acyl-CoA dehydrogenase lead to hepatocellular carcinoma: A novel etiology of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Myoclonus-dystonia (DYT11, DYT-SGCE) - a channelopathy?
In silico analysis of a novel causative mutation in Cadherin23 gene identified in an Omani family with hearing loss.
Combination of dextromethorphan and memantine in treating bipolar spectrum disorder: a 12-week double-blind randomized clinical trial.
In silico analyses suggest the cardiac ganglion of the lobster, Homarus americanus, contains a diverse array of putative innexin/innexin-like prote...
Differential Frequency of CYP2R1 Variants Across Populations Reveals Pathway Selection for Vitamin D Homeostasis.
Effect of Emodin on Coxsackievirus B3m mediated-Encephalitis in Hand, Foot and Mouth Disease by inhibiting Toll-Like Receptor 3 pathway in vitro an...
Parabacteroides distasonis attenuates tumorigenesis, modulates inflammatory markers, and promotes intestinal barrier integrity in azoxymethane-trea...
Whole-genome analyses identify loci and selective signals associated with body size in cattle.
Associations between Nutritional Status, Frailty and Health-Related Quality of Life among Older Long-Term Care Residents in Helsinki.
Economic Impact of Implementing Malnutrition Screening and Nutritional Management in Older Adults in General Practice.
Interleukin-1β Regulates Lipid Homeostasis in Human Glomerular Mesangial Cells.
[Brain and Neuronal Aging: Aged Brain Controls via Gene Expression Fidelity and Master Regulatory Factors].
[Metabolic Alteration in Aging Process: Metabolic Remodeling in White Adipose Tissue by Caloric Restriction].
[Intrapulmonary Pharmacokinetics and Drug Distribution Characteristics for the Treatment of Respiratory Diseases].
Transgenic mouse model exhibiting weak red fluorescence before and strong green fluorescence after Cre/loxP-mediated recombination.
Laundry Detergent Compatibility and Dehairing Efficiency of Alkaline Thermostable Protease Produced from Aspergillus terreus under Solid-state Ferm...
Molecular Epidemiology of Dengue Viruses Isolated in Shantou city, China, during 2015-2017.
11-Methoxytabersonine Induces Necroptosis with Autophagy through AMPK/mTOR and JNK Pathways in Human Lung Cancer Cells.
Bitterness-Suppressing Effect of Umami Dipeptides and Their Constituent Amino Acids on Diphenhydramine: Evaluation by Gustatory Sensation and Taste...
Strategies for Design of Molecular Structures with a Desired Pharmacophore Using Deep Reinforcement Learning.
Development of a Turn-On Fluorescent Traceable Linker Employing N-Sulfanylethylcoumarinyl Amide for the Enrichment and Visualization of Target Prot...
ALK2: A Therapeutic Target for Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva and Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma.
IgG4-type Multiple Myeloma with Diffuse Enlargement of the Thyroid Requiring Differentiation from IgG4-related Disease.
Inhibitory Effects of Indirubin-3 \ \'  -oxime Derivatives on Lipid Accumulation in 3T3-L1 Cells.
Gastrodin Inhibits H2O2-Induced Ferroptosis through Its Antioxidative Effect in Rat Glioma Cell Line C6.
Determination of Intrinsic Creatine Transporter (Slc6a8) Activity and Creatine Transport Function of Leukocytes in Rats.
Resveratrol Attenuates Inflammatory Bowel Disease in Mice by Regulating SUMO1.
Anti-obesity Effect of Fermented Persimmon Extracts via Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
Docetaxel Upregulates HMGB1 Levels in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.
Selenoprotein P; P for Plasma, Prognosis, Prophylaxis, and More.
Drug Repositioning and Target Finding Based on Clinical Evidence.
Fibrinolytic Activity of Circulating Microvesicles Is Associated with Progression of Breast Cancer.
Implications of the circadian clock in implant dentistry.
Variants of Lipid-Related Genes in Adult Japanese Patients with Severe Hypertriglyceridemia.
Dietary Cystine Ameliorates Defects in Spermatogenesis via Testosterone Production Induced by Protein Deficiency and Darkness in Rats.
Evaluation of Protein Requirements Using the Indicator Amino Acid Oxidation Method.
Induction of Autophagy and Changes in Cellular Metabolism in Glucose Starved C2C12 Myotubes.
Gut Microbiota Is Not Involved in the Induction of Acute Phase Protein Expression Caused by Vitamin C Deficiency.
Dietary Factors and Eating Behaviors Affecting Diet-Induced Thermogenesis in Obese Individuals: A Systematic Review.
Antifungal Susceptibility of Clinical Isolates and Artificially Produced Multi-azole-resistant Strains of Cryptococcus neoformans (formerly: Crypto...
Transcriptome Analysis of the Ammonia-Oxidizing Bacterium Nitrosomonas mobilis Ms1 Reveals Division of Labor between Aggregates and Free-living Cells.
Assessing the accuracy of direct-coupling analysis for RNA contact prediction.
The transcription factor Sp1 modulates RNA polymerase III gene transcription by controlling BRF1 and GTF3C2 expression in human cells.
Pattern of Rheumatic valvular involvement and its contribution towards valvular malfunction in young adults
Liver hydrolysate improves depressive-like behavior in olfactory bulbectomized mice: Involvement of hippocampal neurogenesis through the AMPK/BDNF/...
Clinical and electrophysiological evaluation of myasthenic features in an alpha-dystroglycanopathy cohort (FKRP-predominant).
The protective efficacy of recombinant hypoxic response protein 1 of Nocardia seriolae in largemouth bass (Micropterus salmoides).
Dawn of a New RAMPage.
Quercetin induces an immunoregulatory phenotype in maturing human dendritic cells.
"In Praise of Wool": The development of partition chromatography and its under-appreciated impact on molecular biology.
Changes in Tumor Markers and Their Implications in Selecting Liver Transplantation for Patients With Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Age related changes in the bone microstructure in patients with femoral neck fractures.
Organ-specific regulation of CHD1 by acute PTEN and p53 loss in mice.
Regulation of coral calcification by the acid-base sensing enzyme soluble adenylyl cyclase.
Retrotransposon activation by distressed mitochondria in neurons.
EDITORIAL COMMENT.
Research Note: Effect of chicken genotype and white striping-wooden breast condition on breast meat proximate composition and amino acid profile.
Compensation of high-pressure processing for the solubility of sodium-reduced chicken breast myosin with three anion types of potassium salts.
Proteomic alteration of albumen by dietary vanadium in commercial egg-type layers.
The profiling of amino acids in crop milk and plasma and mRNA abundance of amino acid transporters and enzymes related to amino acid synthesis in t...
Effects of nicotinamide and sodium butyrate on meat quality and muscle ubiquitination degradation genes in broilers reared at a high stocking density.
Glutamine improves heat stress-induced oxidative damage in the broiler thigh muscle by activating the nuclear factor erythroid 2-related 2/Kelch-li...
Effects of reduced crude protein levels, dietary electrolyte balance, and energy density on the performance of broiler chickens offered maize-based...
Supplementing conjugated and non-conjugated L-methionine and acetate alters expression patterns of CSN2, proteins and metabolites related to protei...
Poly(cis-1,4-isoprene)-cleavage enzymes from natural rubber-utilizing bacteria.
Prognosis and Reclassification by YKL-40 in Stable Coronary Artery Disease.
The potential hepatoprotective effects of lovastatin combined with oral hypoglycemic agents in streptozotocin-induced diabetes in rats.
A Remarkable Difference That One Fluorine Atom Confers on the Mechanisms of Inactivation of Human Ornithine Aminotransferase by Two Cyclohexene Ana...
miR-450a-5p Eliminates MGO-Induced Insulin Resistance via Targeting CREB.
The Overexpression of Epidermal Growth Factor (EGF) in HaCaT Cells Promotes the Proliferation, Migration, Invasion and Transdifferentiation to Epid...
Effect of Stem Cells, Ascorbic Acid and SERCA1a Gene Transfected Stem Cells in Experimentally Induced Type I Diabetic Myopathy.
[Effects of recombinant human granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor gel on treatment of full-thickness frostbite wounds on foot and hand].
[Effects of ulinastatin combined with glutamine on early hemodynamics in patients with severe burns].
Influence of small molecules on the photo-stability of water soluble porcine lens proteins.
Recent Research Advances in Renin-Angiotensin-Aldosterone System Receptors.
Planococcus lenghuensis sp. nov., an oil-degrading bacterium isolated from petroleum-contaminated soil.
Extracellular Trap by Blood Cells: Clinical Implications.
Adaptation of Human Testicular Niche Cells for Pluripotent Stem Cell and Testis Development Research.
Maternal exposure to a high-fat diet showed unfavorable effects on the body weight, apoptosis and morphology of cardiac myocytes in offspring.
Platelet dysfunction and coagulation assessment in patients of tuberculous meningitis.
Effects of CO2 and temperature on photosynthetic performance in the diatom Chaetoceros gracilis.
An improved protocol for stable and efficient culturing of chicken primordial germ cells using small-molecule inhibitors.
Immunohistochemistry of mammary Paget \ \'  s disease. Cytokeratin 7, GATA3, and HER2 are sensitive markers.
Compound Porcine Cerebroside and Ganglioside Injection (CPCGI) Attenuates Sevoflurane-Induced Nerve Cell Injury by Regulating the Phosphorylation o...
Exploration of the Molecular Mechanism of FUZI (Aconiti Lateralis Radix Praeparata) in Allergic Rhinitis Treatment Based on Network Pharmacology.
Impact of Routine Laboratory Parameters in Patients Undergoing Radical Cystectomy for Urothelial Carcinoma of the Bladder: A Long-Term Follow-Up.
A Promising Innovative Treatment for ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction: The Use of C-Reactive Protein Selective Apheresis: Case Report.
Successful Reduction of Creatine Kinase and Myoglobin Levels in Severe Rhabdomyolysis Using Extracorporeal Blood Purification (CytoSorb®).
3-Iodothyronamine and 3,5,3 \ \'  -triiodo-L-thyronine reduce SIRT1 protein expression in the HepG2 cell line.
Investigation of the role of β-TrCP in growth hormone transduction defect (GHTD).
Molecular variations in uterine carcinosarcomas identify therapeutic opportunities.
Rare genetic variants in interleukin-37 link this anti-inflammatory cytokine to the pathogenesis and treatment of gout.
Hepatitis B protein HBx binds the DLEU2 lncRNA to sustain cccDNA and host cancer-related gene transcription.
Salvage ipilimumab associated with a significant response in sarcomatoid renal cell carcinoma.
Sixth Immunotherapy of Cancer conference (ITOC): advances and perspectives-a meeting report.
Deregulation of cell growth and apoptosis in UV-induced melanomagenesis.
In vitro strategies to enhance oocyte developmental competence.
Protein kinases as antituberculosis targets: The case of thymidylate kinases.
Role of kinases in virulence and pathogenesis of protozoan parasite E. Histolytica.
Structural and strategic landscape of PIKK protein family and their inhibitors: an overview.
Molecular basis of pathogenic parasitic infections: insights from parasite kinome.
Orthosteric and allosteric modulation of human kinases: A mechanistic view.
Protein kinases as potential anticandidal drug targets.
Protein kinases as regulators of osmolyte accumulation under stress conditions: An overview.
Molecular insights into kinase mediated signaling pathways of chemokines and their cognate G protein coupled receptors.
Trilactic glyceride regulates lipid metabolism and improves gut function in piglets.
Inhibition of p-mTOR represses PS1 transcription by reducing p-JNK.
Association of N6-methyladenosine with viruses and virally induced diseases.
Inhibition of p-mTOR represses transcription of PS1 and Notch 1-signaling.
miR-4698-Trim59 axis plays a suppressive role in hepatocellular carcinoma.
The role of exosomes in the promotion of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and metastasis.
TaHsfA2-1, a new gene for thermotolerance in wheat seedlings: Characterization and functional roles.
Ginsenoside Rg1 ameliorates glomerular fibrosis during kidney aging by inhibiting NOX4 and NLRP3 inflammasome activation in SAMP8 mice.
Sludge stabilization: Characteristics of the end-products and an alternative evaluative methodology.
Comparative acetylome analysis of wild-type and fuzzless-lintless mutant ovules of upland cotton (Gossypium hirsutum Cv. Xu142) unveils differentia...
Autophagy in endothelial cells regulates their haematopoiesis-supporting ability.
Interactions between neutrophil extracellular traps and activated platelets enhance procoagulant activity in acute stroke patients with ICA occlusion.
Resistance to Checkpoint Inhibition in Cancer Immunotherapy.
Toll-Interacting Protein Regulates Immune Cell Infiltration and Promotes Colitis-Associated Cancer.
The IGF system and longitudinal growth in preterm infants in relation to gestational age, birth weight and gender.
Clinical and immunological differences between MOG associated disease and anti AQP4 antibody-positive neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders: Bloo...
The impact of circulating exosomes derived from early and late onset pre-eclamptic pregnancies on inflammatory cytokine secretion by BeWo cells.
Zinc homeostasis in the secretory pathway in yeast.
Deiminated proteins and extracellular vesicles - Novel serum biomarkers in whales and orca.
PI3K mediates tumor necrosis factor induced-necroptosis through initiating RIP1-RIP3-MLKL signaling pathway activation.
An induced pluripotent stem cell line (TRNDi001-D) from a Niemann-Pick disease type C1 (NPC1) patient carrying a homozygous p. I1061T (c. 3182T&gt;C) ...
Computational prediction of protein ubiquitination sites mapping on Arabidopsis thaliana.
Mouse S100G protein exhibits properties characteristic of a calcium sensor.
A novel BSA immobilizing manner on modified titanium surface ameliorates osteoblast performance.
Thermodynamics, cooperativity and stability of the tetracycline repressor (TetR) upon tetracycline binding.
Bioinformatics analysis of HPV-68 E6 and E7 oncoproteins for designing a therapeutic epitope vaccine against HPV infection.
Study on the expression and function of smad family member 7 in oral submucous fibrosis and oral squamous cell carcinoma.
The expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase in the gingiva of rats with periodontitis and diabetes mellitus.
Pollen germination is impaired by disruption of a Shaker K+ channel OsAKT1.2 in rice.
Identification and molecular characterization of CD4 genes in brown trout (Salmo trutta).
Effects of waterborne exposure to cadmium on biochemical responses in the freshwater gastropod, Bellamya aeruginosa.
Perturbation of the lipid metabolism and intestinal inflammation in growing pigs with low birth weight is associated with the alterations of gut mi...
Membrane fusion FerA domains enhance adeno-associated virus vector transduction.
Latent tuberculosis infection in children and adolescents in Russia.
Tinospora cordifolia protects from skeletal muscle atrophy by alleviating oxidative stress and inflammation induced by sciatic denervation.
Ping weisan alleviates chronic colitis in mice by regulating intestinal microbiota composition.
A platform for context-specific genetic engineering of recombinant protein production by CHO cells.
IGF1 inclusion bodies: A QbD based process approach for efficient USP as well as early DSP unit operations.
Inhibition of profibrotic signalling enhances the 5-azacytidine-induced reprogramming of fibroblasts into cardiomyocytes.
Novel monoclonal antibody 3B8 specifically recognizes pyroglutamate-modified amyloid β 3-42 peptide in brain of AD patients and 3xTg-AD transgenic ...
Comparison of physicochemical properties of recombinant buckwheat trypsin inhibitor (rBTI) and soybean trypsin inhibitor (SBTI).
Expression, purification, and characterization of recombinant apoPholasin.
Elevated PSD-95 Blocks Ion-flux Independent LTD: A Potential New Role for PSD-95 in Synaptic Plasticity.
Metabotropic Modulation of Potassium Channels During Synaptic Plasticity.
Activation of PGC-1α and Mitochondrial Biogenesis Protects Against Prenatal Hypoxic-ischemic Brain Injury.
Hyperbranched poly(β-amino ester) based polyplex nanopaticles for delivery of CRISPR/Cas9 system and treatment of HPV infection associated cervical...
Learning the changes of barnase mutants thermostability from structural fluctuations obtained using anisotropic network modeling.
Modulation of tau protein aggregation using  \ \'  Trojan \ \'   sequences.
BamA is required for autotransporter secretion.
Chia oil induces browning of white adipose tissue in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Bradykinin stimulates prostaglandin E2 release in human skeletal muscular fibroblasts.
The antidepressant effects of l-arginine on chronic mild stress-induced depression by augmenting the expression of brain-derived neurotrophic facto...
The temporal effect of hippocampal Arc in the working memory paradigm during novelty exploration.
GYY4137 protects against MCAO via p38 MAPK mediated anti-apoptotic signaling pathways in rats.
Recent insight into the role of FBXW7 as a tumor suppressor.
Fibronectin acts as a molecular switch to determine SPARC function in pancreatic cancer.
TOPORS, a tumor suppressor protein, contributes to the maintenance of higher-order chromatin architecture.
Nuclear accumulation of MKL1 in luminal breast cancer cells impairs genomic activity of ERα and is associated with endocrine resistance.
Gain-of-function mutation in complement C2 protein identified in patient with aHUS.
Characterization of the effects of calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonist for Alzheimer \ \'  s disease.
Quantitative structure-chromatographic retention relationship of synthesized peptides (HGRFG, NPNPT) and their derivatives.
TRPA1 modulates noxious odor responses in Lygus hesperus.
Structure and Functional Characterization of Membrane Integral Proteins in the Lipid Cubic Phase.
Effects of the sulfated polysaccharide ulvan from Ulva ohnoi on the modulation of the immune response in Senegalese sole (Solea senegalensis).
Acute knockdown of Depdc5 leads to synaptic defects in mTOR-related epileptogenesis.
Antioxidant/stress response in mouse epidermis following exposure to nitrogen mustard.
CPEB1 or CPEB4 knockdown suppresses the TAK1 and Smad signalings in THP-1 macrophage-like cells and dermal fibroblasts.
Panaxadiol inhibits programmed cell death-ligand 1 expression and tumour proliferation via hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1α and STAT3 in human col...
Localization of viral and host RNA within soybean cyst nematode via fluorescence in situ hybridization.
miR-214-5p suppresses the proliferation, migration and invasion of trophoblast cells in pre-eclampsia by targeting jagged 1 to inhibit notch signal...
Talin1 regulates the endometrial epithelial cell adhesive capacity by interacting with LASP1 and Vitronectin.
α-Synuclein fibrillation products trigger the release of hexokinase I from mitochondria: Protection by curcumin, and possible role in pathogenesis ...
In silico screening of Chinese herbal medicines with the potential to directly inhibit 2019 novel coronavirus.
Discovery of sulfonamides and 9-oxo-2,8-diazaspiro[5,5]undecane-2-carboxamides as human kynurenine aminotransferase 2 (KAT2) inhibitors.
Formation and contraction of multicellular actomyosin cables facilitate lens placode invagination.
Lipoprotein(a) particle number assay without error from apolipoprotein(a) size isoforms.
Immunological characterisation and immunoprotective efficacy of functional domain antigens of botulinum neurotoxin serotype A.
Cytodiagnosis and protein typing of amyloid from a vitreous washing: initial diagnostic workup of hereditary amyloidosis.
Looking for high-production and sustainable diets for lactating cows: A survey in Italy.
Structure and allergenicity assessments of bovine β-lactoglobulin treated by sonication-assisted irradiation.
Novel milk casein-derived peptides decrease cholesterol micellar solubility and cholesterol intestinal absorption in Caco-2 cells.
Effects of a novel heat-treated protein and carbohydrate supplement on feed consumption, milk production, and cheese yield in early-lactation dairy...
Genetic and genomic analysis of long insemination interval in Israeli dairy cattle as an indicator of early abortions.
Relationship between energy balance and metabolic profiles in plasma and milk of dairy cows in early lactation.
Feeding diets varying in forage proportion and particle length to lactating dairy cows: II. Effects on duodenal flows and intestinal digestibility ...
Short communication: Investigation of the temporal relationships between milk mid-infrared predicted biomarkers and lameness events in later lactat...
Comparison of antibody repertories against Staphylococcus aureus in healthy and infected dairy cows with a distinct mastitis history and vaccinated...
Effects of feeding hay and calf starter as a mixture or as separate components to Holstein calves on intake, growth, and blood metabolite and hormo...
Short communication: Virulence profiles of Staphylococcus aureus isolated from bulk tank milk and adherences on milking equipment on Chilean dairy ...
Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3 modulates α1A-adrenergic receptor action and regulation.
Update on bradykinin-mediated angioedema in 2020.
Patients \ \'   organizations in rare diseases and involvement in drug information: Illustrations with LMC France, the French Association of Chronic Myel...
Role of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in methotrexate-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition in alveolar epithelial A549\xa0cells.
Direct effect of protein kinase A on four putative phosphorylation sites of aquaporin 2 in\xa0vitro.
Ablation of glutaredoxin 1 promotes pulmonary angiogenesis and alveolar formation in hyperoxia-injured lungs by modifying HIF-1α stability and inhi...
Low DEDD expression in breast cancer cells indicates higher sensitivity to the Bcl-2-specific inhibitor ABT-199.
Autocrine motility factor secreted by HeLa cells inhibits the growth of many cancer cells by regulating AKT/ERK signaling.
Thr420 and Ser454 of ZmCCaMK play a crucial role in brassinosteroid-induced antioxidant defense in maize.
Circular RNA circ-RELL1 regulates inflammatory response by miR-6873-3p/MyD88/NF-κB axis in endothelial cells.
Uncoupling nNOS-PSD-95 in mPFC inhibits morphine priming-induced reinstatement after extinction training.
SPTB related spherocytosis in a three-generation family presenting with kidney failure in adulthood due to co-occurrence of UMOD disease causing va...
Assessment of a poly-epitope candidate vaccine against Hepatitis B, C, and poliovirus in interaction with monocyte-derived dendritic cells: An ex-v...
Ichthyosis with confetti caused by new and recurrent mutations in KRT10 associated with varying degrees of keratin 10 mis-localization.
[Infectious myositis].
Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of Baseline Testing for Resistance-Associated Polymorphisms to Optimize Treatment Outcome in Genotype 1 Noncirrhotic Tr...
Impacts of antibiotic contaminants on Microcystis aeruginosa during potassium permanganate treatment.
Synergistic amplification effect for electrochemiluminescence immunoassay based on dual coreactants coupling with resonance energy transfer.
Synthesis of MUC1 aptamer-stabilized gold nanoclusters for cell-specific imaging.
Design of organic/inorganic nanocomposites for ultrasensitive electrochemical detection of a cancer biomarker protein.
Determination of nutritional parameters of bee pollen by Raman and infrared spectroscopy.
The spinal microglial IL-10/β-endorphin pathway accounts for cinobufagin-induced mechanical antiallodynia in bone cancer pain following activation ...
Predicting NMR relaxation of proteins from molecular dynamics simulations with accurate methyl rotation barriers.
Small protein number effects in stochastic models of autoregulated bursty gene expression.
Different effects of fast and slow input fluctuations on output in gene regulation.
Insight into the binding behavior of ceritinib on human α-1 acid glycoprotein: Multi-spectroscopic and molecular modeling approaches.
Montmorillonite, a natural biocompatible nanosheet with intrinsic antitumor activity.
BAP18 is involved in upregulation of CCND1/2 transcription to promote cell growth in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
CBX4 transcriptionally suppresses KLF6 via interaction with HDAC1 to exert oncogenic activities in clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Longitudinal serum autoantibody repertoire profiling identifies surgery-associated biomarkers in lung adenocarcinoma.
β-Elemonic acid inhibits the growth of human Osteosarcoma through endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-mediated PERK/eIF2α/ATF4/CHOP activation and Wn...
Protein structural changes characterized by high-pressure, pulsed field gradient diffusion NMR spectroscopy.
Quantifying the efficiency of o-benzoquinones reaction with amino acids and related nucleophiles by cyclic voltammetry.
Influence of calcium fortification on physicochemical properties of whey protein concentrate solutions enriched in α-lactalbumin.
Multiscale simulation approaches to modeling drug-protein binding.
A novel WSSV responsive plasma protein from Litopenaeus vannamei contributes to hemocytes anti-apoptosis.
Discovery of T-1101 tosylate as a first-in-class clinical candidate for Hec1/Nek2 inhibition in cancer therapy.
Proteomic serum profile in menstrual-related and post menopause migraine.
Influence of dietary iron exposure on trace metal homeostasis and expression of metal transporters during development in zebrafish☆.
Effect of gestational and lactational nonylphenol exposure on airway inflammation in ovalbumin-induced asthmatic rat pups.
Miscibility of hBest1 and sphingomyelin in surface films - A prerequisite for interaction with membrane domains.
Considerations in the analysis of plant chromatin accessibility data.
Ethanol metabolism: The good, the bad, and the ugly.
Pro-apoptotic action of protein-carbohydrate fraction isolated from coelomic fluid of the earthworm Dendrobaena veneta against human colon adenocar...
Ischemic postconditioning exerts neuroprotective effect through negatively regulating PI3K/Akt2 signaling pathway by microRNA-124.
Complete clinical remission of invasive Candida infection with CARD9 deficiency after G-CSF treatment.
Risk Factors for Reoperation After Debridement of Acute Pancreatitis.
The effect of vitamin d-calcium co-supplementation on inflammatory biomarkers: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Promoting Chlorella photosynthesis and bioresource production using directionally prepared carbon dots with tunable emission.
The high-resolution proteomic analysis of protein composition of rat spleen lymphocytes stimulated by Concanavalin A; a comparison with morphine-tr...
Neurodegeneration in a dish: advancing human stem-cell-based models of Alzheimer \ \'  s disease.
Hyperphosphatemia with low FGF7 and normal FGF23 and sFRP4 levels in the circulation characterizes pediatric hypophosphatasia.
In vitro and in vivo studies using non-traditional bisphosphonates.
Inhibition of protein phosphatase methylesterase 1 dysregulates MAP kinase signaling and attenuates muscle cell differentiation.
Identification of wheat DREB genes and functional characterization of TaDREB3 in response to abiotic stresses.
Cell seeding simulation on micropatterned islands shows cell density depends on area to perimeter ratio, not on island size or shape.
Anammox bacteria enrichment and denitrification in moving bed biofilm reactors packed with different buoyant carriers: Performances and mechanisms.
Histone Deacetylation 10 Alleviates Inflammation After Intracerebral Hemorrhage via the PTPN22/NLRP3 Pathway in Rats.
Reverse transcriptase inhibitors promote the remodelling of nuclear architecture and induce autophagy in prostate cancer cells.
MicroRNA-30b-5p functions as a metastasis suppressor in colorectal cancer by targeting Rap1b.
Korean red ginseng attenuates hyperglycemia-induced renal inflammation and fibrosis via accelerated autophagy and protects against diabetic kidney ...
Comparative analysis of two brine shrimps revealed differential expression pattern and functional characterization of CK2α under bacterial stimulat...
Diurnal rhythm expression of transcription factor NF-κB subunit p65 in Pelteobagrus vachellii.
Substitution of murine type I collagen A1 3-hydroxylation site alters matrix structure but does not recapitulate osteogenesis imperfecta bone dyspl...
Clinical characteristics and imaging manifestations of the 2019 novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19):A multi-center study in Wenzhou city, Zhejiang...
Dihydromyricetin alleviates doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity by inhibiting NLRP3 inflammasome through activation of SIRT1.
Arsenic-induced autophagic alterations and mitochondrial impairments in HPG-S axis of mature male mice offspring (F1-generation): A persistent toxi...
Glucose availability regulates nicotinamide N-methyltransferase expression in adipocytes.
Nanoformulation strategies for improving intestinal permeability of drugs: A more precise look at permeability assessment methods and pharmacokinet...
Conjugation of haloperidol to PEG allows peripheral localisation of haloperidol and eliminates CNS extrapyramidal effects.
Modulation of NR1 receptor by CaMKIIα plays an important role in chronic itch development in mice.
Receptor-ligand based molecular interaction to discover adjuvant for immune cell TLRs to develop next-generation vaccine.
Niemann-Pick type C1 regulates cholesterol transport and metamorphosis in silkworm, Bombyx mori (Dazao).
Astragalus polysaccharide exerts anti-Parkinson via activating the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway to increase cellular autophagy level in vitro.
Modification of African breadfruit (Treculia africana, Decne) kernel starch: Physicochemical, morphological, pasting, and thermal properties.
Developing a new drug against trichomoniasis, new inhibitory compounds of the protein triosephosphate isomerase.
Stability of Freeze-Dried Protein Formulations: Contributions of Ice Nucleation Temperature and Residence Time in the Freeze-Concentrate.
Circulating and tissue specific transcription of angiopoietin-like protein 4 in human Type 2 diabetes.
Low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 1 deficiency in cardiomyocytes reduces susceptibility to insulin resistance and obesity.
Evolving concepts in HER2 evaluation in breast cancer: Heterogeneity, HER2-low carcinomas and beyond.
Inflammatory response induced by Helicobacter pylori infection in lung.
Effect of heat shock on murine norovirus replication in RAW264.7\xa0cells.
Sequence-Based Prediction of Fuzzy Protein Interactions.
Research progress on the effect of autophagy-lysosomal pathway on tumor drug resistance.
Editing Myosin VB Gene to Create Porcine Model of Microvillus Inclusion Disease, With Microvillus-lined Inclusions and Alterations in Sodium Transp...
Ligand-dependent internalization of Bombyx mori tachykinin-related peptide receptor is regulated by PKC, GRK5 and β-arrestin2/BmKurtz.
Zinc oxide nanoparticles induce human tenon fibroblast apoptosis through reactive oxygen species and caspase signaling pathway.
Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Signaling in Cancer Cells.
The RpoN2-PilRX regulatory system governs type IV pilus gene transcription and is required for bacterial motility and virulence in Xanthomonas oryz...
Dihydrotanshinone I Alleviates Spinal Cord Injury via Suppressing Inflammatory Response, Oxidative Stress and Apoptosis in Rats.
UPLC-MS/MS method for determination of retinol and α-tocopherol in serum using a simple sample pretreatment and UniSpray as ionization technique to...
A mutation update for the FLNC gene in myopathies and cardiomyopathies.
TMEM16E/ANO5 mutations related to bone dysplasia or muscular dystrophy cause opposite effects on lipid scrambling.
Pathogenic PTPN11 variants involving the poly-glutamine Gln255 -Gln256 -Gln257 stretch highlight the relevance of helix B in SHP2 \ \'  s functional regu...
Downregulation of lung miR-203a-3p expression by high-altitude hypoxia enhances VEGF/Notch signaling.
Presence of The NLRP3 Inflammasome Components in Semen of Varicocele Patients.
Differences in stability and calcium sensitivity of the Ig domains in titin \ \'  s N2A region.
CD200 maintains the region-specific phenotype of microglia in the midbrain and its role in Parkinson \ \'  s disease.
Transcriptional identification of differentially expressed genes associated with division of labour in Apis cerana cerana.
Actinic keratosis and surrounding skin exhibit changes in corneocyte surface topography and decreased levels of filaggrin degradation products.
Urinary sulfate excretion and risk of late graft failure in renal transplant recipients - a prospective cohort study.
FiRES: A computational method for the de novo identification of internal structure similarity in proteins.
Pharmacokinetic profiles of amoxicillin trihydrate in freshwater crocodiles (Crocodylus siamensis) after intramuscular administration at two doses.
The functionally conserved effector Sta1 is a fungal cell wall protein required for virulence in Ustilago maydis.
Human T\xa0cells employ conserved AU-rich elements to fine-tune IFN-γ production.
The Magnitude of the Warfarin-Amiodarone Drug-Drug Interaction Varies With Renal Function: A Propensity-Matched Cohort Study.
Regenerative Potential of Menstrual Blood-Derived Stem Cells and Platelet-Derived Growth Factor in Endometrial Injury.
Reduced Ca2+ spark activity contributes to detrusor overactivity of rats with partial bladder outlet obstruction.
Exosomal miR-19a from adipose-derived stem cells suppresses differentiation of corneal keratocytes into myofibroblasts.
In vitro flow based systems to study platelet function and thrombus formation: Recommendations for standardization: Communication from the SSC on B...
Experimental model for removal of snake venom via hemoperfusion in rats.
Simultaneous determination of ferulic acid, paeoniflorin, and albiflorin in rat plasma by ultra-high performance liquid chromatography with tandem ...
Rapamycin preserves the primordial follicle pool during cisplatin treatment in vitro and in vivo.
A triclosan-resistance protein from the soil metagenome is a novel enoyl-acyl carrier protein reductase: Structure-guided functional analysis.
Relieving ferroptosis may partially reverse neurodegeneration of the auditory cortex.
Hydrogen-Bond Free Energy of Local Biological Water.
β2 -adrenoceptor activation improves skeletal muscle autophagy in neurogenic myopathy.
Role of monocarboxylate transporters in regulating metabolic homeostasis in the outer retina: Insight gained from cell-specific Bsg deletion.
Double-stranded RNAs targeting HvRPS18 and HvRPL13 reveal potential targets for pest management of the 28-spotted ladybeetle, Henosepilachna vigint...
Targeting the receptor for advanced glycation end products (RAGE) in type 1 diabetes.
Potential effects of antibiotic-induced gut microbiome alteration on blood-brain barrier permeability compromise in rhesus monkeys.
Ultrasonic pretreatment improved the antioxidant potential of enzymatic protein hydrolysates from highland barley brewer \ \'  s spent grain (BSG).
BAY 81-8973 demonstrated efficacy, safety and joint status improvement in patients with severe haemophilia A in the LEOPOLD I extension for ≤2\xa0years.
The Prognostic Role of Programmed Death-Ligand 1 in Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.
Functional analysis of epilepsy-associated variants in STXBP1/Munc18-1 using humanized Caenorhabditis elegans.
Activation of a novel estrogen receptor GPR30 enhances cholesterol cholelithogenesis in female mice.
Paraptosis and Photodynamic Therapy: A Progress Report.
Identification of introduced and stably inherited DNA methylation variants in soybean associated with soybean cyst nematode parasitism.
Necrostatin-1 prevents the proapoptotic protein Bcl-2/adenovirus E1B 19-kDa interacting protein 3 from integration into mitochondria.
Changes in the Inner Retinal Cells after Intense and Constant Light Exposure in Sprague-Dawley Rats.
Intralesional immunotherapy with purified protein derivative (PPD) for cryotherapy-resistant warts.
Using iRFP Genetic Labeling Technology to Track Tumorogenesis of Transplanted CRISPR/Cas9-Edited iPSC in Skeletal Muscle.
Energy Transfer Systems for In Vivo Tracking.
Type three secretion system in Salmonella Typhimurium: the key to infection.
A novel marine halophenol derivative attenuates lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammation in RAW264.7 cells via activating phosphoinositide 3-kinase/...
The endomorphin-1/2 and dynorphin-B peptides display biased agonism at the mu opioid receptor.
The onset of autoimmune glial fibrillary acidic protein astrocytopathy with prolonged gastrointestinal symptoms: a case report.
Unraveling Molecular Mechanisms of THAP1 Missense Mutations in DYT6 Dystonia.
Exploring Lipid and Membrane Protein Dynamics Using Lipid-Bilayer Nanodiscs and Solution-State NMR Spectroscopy.
Sample Preparation and Technical Setup for NMR Spectroscopy with Integral Membrane Proteins.
Mechanical Unfolding and Refolding of Single Membrane Proteins by Atomic Force Microscopy.
Hydrogen/Deuterium Exchange Mass Spectrometry for the Structural Analysis of Detergent-Solubilized Membrane Proteins.
Membrane Protein Preparation for Serial Crystallography Using High-Viscosity Injectors: Rhodopsin as an Example.
In Meso In Situ Serial X-Ray Crystallography (IMISX): A Protocol for Membrane Protein Structure Determination at the Swiss Light Source.
Stabilization and Crystallization of a Membrane Protein Involved in Lipid Transport.
Fast Small-Scale Membrane Protein Purification and Grid Preparation for Single-Particle Electron Microscopy.
Single-Particle Cryo-EM of Membrane Proteins in Lipid Nanodiscs.
Membrane Protein Cryo-EM: Cryo-Grid Optimization and Data Collection with Protein in Detergent.
Reconstitution of Proteoliposomes for Phospholipid Scrambling and Nonselective Channel Assays.
Reconstitution of Membrane Proteins into Platforms Suitable for Biophysical and Structural Analyses.
Identifying Conformation-Selective Heavy-Chain-Only Antibodies Against Membrane Proteins by a Thermal-Shift Scintillation Proximity Assay.
Production and Application of Nanobodies for Membrane Protein Structural Biology.
Biotinylation of Membrane Proteins for Binder Selections.
Purification of Membrane Proteins by Affinity Chromatography with On-Column Protease Cleavage.
Affinity Purification of Membrane Proteins.
GPCR Solubilization and Quality Control.
Membrane Protein Solubilization and Quality Control: An Example of a Primary Active Transporter.
Membrane Protein Expression in Insect Cells Using the Baculovirus Expression Vector System.
Expression and Purification of Membrane Proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Membrane Protein Production in Lactococcus lactis for Structural Studies.
Membrane Protein Production in Escherichia coli.
Cloning and Multi-Subunit Expression of Mitochondrial Membrane Protein Complexes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Expression of DOCK10.1 protein revealed with a specific antiserum: insights into regulation of first exon isoforms of DOCK10.
A Taxicab geometry quantification system to evaluate the performance of in silico methods: a case study on adenosine receptors ligands.
The pathophysiological role of angiotensin receptor-binding protein in hypertension and kidney diseases: Oshima Award Address 2019.
Therapeutic Effects of Human Umbilical Cord Blood-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Combined with Cartilage Acellular Matrix Mediated Via Bone Morphog...
Hormone-regulated PKA activity in porcine oviductal epithelial cells.
Influence of the integrin alpha-1 subunit and its relationship with high-fat diet upon extracellular matrix synthesis in skeletal muscle and tendon.
Leveraging Human Genetics to Identify Safety Signals Prior to Drug Marketing Approval and Clinical Use.
Structural Evolution of the Glacier Ice Worm Fo ATP Synthase Complex.
TMEM100 is a key factor for specification of lymphatic endothelial progenitors.
PI3K inhibitor treatment ameliorates the glucocorticoid insensitivity of PBMCs in severe asthma.
Chemical manipulations to facilitate membrane blebbing and vesicle shedding on the cellular cortex.
Characterization of 100 extended major histocompatibility complex haplotypes in Indonesian cynomolgus macaques.
M1-like macrophage-derived exosomes suppress angiogenesis and exacerbate cardiac dysfunction in a myocardial infarction microenvironment.
Molecular evolution of chloroplast genomes in Monsteroideae (Araceae).
A R2R3-MYB gene-based marker for the non-darkening seed coat trait in pinto and cranberry beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) derived from  \ \'  Wit-rood boon...
Mechanosensitive Piezo1 ion channel protein (PIEZO1 gene): update and extended mutation analysis of hereditary xerocytosis in India.
Chondro-protective effects of celastrol on osteoarthritis through autophagy activation and NF-κB signaling pathway inhibition.
Splitting aptamers and nucleic acid enzymes for the development of advanced biosensors.
Activating Antibodies to The Calcium-sensing Receptor in Immunotherapy-induced Hypoparathyroidism.
Calcaneal quantitative ultrasound and urine retinol binding protein in HIV-positive antiretroviral-treated patients in Uganda: a pilot study.
Effect of functional lateral shift of the mandible on hyaluronic acid metabolism related to lubrication of temporomandibular joint in growing rats.
RFPR-IDP: reduce the false positive rates for intrinsically disordered protein and region prediction by incorporating both fully ordered proteins a...
Oocyte maturation under lipotoxic conditions induces carryover transcriptomic and functional alterations during post-hatching development of good-q...
Ndrg1 Deficiency is associated with Regional Metastasis in Oral Cancer by inducing Epithelial-Mesenchymal transition.
Histologic and Laboratory Characteristics of Symptomatic and Asymptomatic Castleman Disease in the Pediatric Population.
Hypoxia and the hypoxia inducible factor 1α activate protein kinase A by repressing RII beta subunit transcription.
Sex linkage of the skeletal muscle sodium channel gene (SCN4A) explains apparent deviations from Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium of tetrodotoxin-resista...
Rett syndrome-causing mutations compromise MeCP2-mediated liquid-liquid phase separation of chromatin.
Engineering a solid-state metalloprotein hydrogen evolution catalyst.
Integrated Transcriptomic and Metabolic Framework for Carbon Metabolism and Plant Hormones Regulation in Vigna radiata during Post-Germination Seed...
In situ molecular imaging of adsorbed protein films in water indicating hydrophobicity and hydrophilicity.
Characterization of Induced High Yielding Cowpea Mutant Lines Using Physiological, Biochemical and Molecular Markers.
Longitudinal DNA methylation differences precede type 1 diabetes.
Characterization of a bacteriophage, vB_Eco4M-7, that effectively infects many Escherichia coli O157 strains.
miR-142 induces accumulation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) by inhibiting pexophagy in aged bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells.
Rigorous characterization of urinary extracellular vesicles (uEVs) in the low centrifugation pellet - a neglected source for uEVs.
Impact of sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) plastidial lipoyl synthases genes expression in glycerolipids composition of transgenic Arabidopsis plants.
Anxiolytic Drug FGIN-1-27 Ameliorates Autoimmunity by Metabolic Reprogramming of Pathogenic Th17 Cells.
Examining sterically demanding lysine analogs for histone lysine methyltransferase catalysis.
Amylin and pramlintide modulate γ-secretase level and APP processing in lipid rafts.
Insight into DNA substrate specificity of PARP1-catalysed DNA poly(ADP-ribosyl)ation.
Development of Oxytolerant Salmonella typhimurium Using Radiation Mutation Technology (RMT) for Cancer Therapy.
EPDR1 up-regulation in human colorectal cancer is related to staging and favours cell proliferation and invasiveness.
An Efficient Stevia rebaudiana Transformation System and In vitro Enzyme Assays Reveal Novel Insights into UGT76G1 Function.
The effect and mechanism of combination of total paeony glycosides and total ligustici phenolic acids against focal cerebral ischemia.
Nrf2 positively regulates autophagy antioxidant response in human bronchial epithelial cells exposed to diesel exhaust particles.
Selective EMC subunits act as molecular tethers of intracellular organelles exploited during viral entry.
Stem rust resistance in wheat is suppressed by a subunit of the mediator complex.
Haploid genetic screens identify SPRING/C12ORF49 as a determinant of SREBP signaling and cholesterol metabolism.
High-resolution snapshots of human N-myristoyltransferase in action illuminate a mechanism promoting N-terminal Lys and Gly myristoylation.
Macropinocytosis confers resistance to therapies targeting cancer anabolism.
Genome-wide association and multi-omic analyses reveal ACTN2 as a gene linked to heart failure.
MCL1 binding to the reverse BH3 motif of P18INK4C couples cell survival to cell proliferation.
Retraction for Kumar et al., "Evaluation of the Newcastle Disease Virus F and HN Proteins in Protective Immunity by Using a Recombinant Avian Param...
Correction for Samal et al., "Mutations in the Cytoplasmic Domain of the Newcastle Disease Virus Fusion Protein Confer Hyperfusogenic Phenotypes Mo...
Comparative Analysis of Immunoinflammatory and Nutritional Measures in Surgically Resected Esophageal Cancer: A Single-center Retrospective Study.
Comparative Assessment of Two Strategies for Interpreting Tumor Markers in Ascitic Effusions.
Astragaloside IV Induces Apoptosis, G1-Phase Arrest and Inhibits Anti-apoptotic Signaling in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Regulation of NF-kB Signalling Through the PR55β-RelA Interaction in Osteoblasts.
Butyric Acid in Saliva of Chronic Periodontitis Patients Induces Transcription of the EBV Lytic Switch Activator BZLF1: A Pilot Study.
18-kDa Translocator Protein Ligands Protect H9C2 Cardiomyocytes from Cigarette Smoke-induced Cell Death: In Vitro Study.
Quantitative Comparative Proteomics Reveals Candidate Biomarkers for the Early Prediction of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Preliminary Study.
A Kinesin adapter directly mediates dendritic mRNA localization during neural development in mice.
Chronic wasting disease (CWD) prion strains evolve via adaptive diversification of conformers in hosts expressing prion protein polymorphisms.
Parkinson \ \'  s disease-associated kinase LRRK2 regulates genes required for cell adhesion, polarization, and chemotaxis in activated murine macrophages.
The microtubule-associated histone methyltransferase SET8, facilitated by transcription factor LSF, methylates α-tubulin.
Viruses go modular.
Structural analyses of the Group A flavin-dependent monooxygenase PieE reveal a sliding FAD cofactor conformation bridging OUT and IN conformations.
A recently evolved diflavin-containing monomeric nitrate reductase is responsible for highly efficient bacterial nitrate assimilation.
In vivo FRET analyses reveal a role of ATP hydrolysis-associated conformational changes in human P-glycoprotein.
The tetraspanin Tspan15 is an essential subunit of an ADAM10 scissor complex.
Regulatory T Cells Induced by Single-Peptide Liposome Immunotherapy Suppress Islet-Specific T Cell Responses to Multiple Antigens and Protect from ...
ARID1A alterations function as a biomarker for longer progression-free survival after anti-PD-1/PD-L1 immunotherapy.
Correction: The hepatitis B virus X protein functionally interacts with CREB-binding protein/p300 in the regulation of CREB-mediated transcription.
Correction: Dynamin-related protein 1 inhibition mitigates bisphenol A-mediated alterations in mitochondrial dynamics and neural stem cell prolifer...
Urine Markers of Kidney Tubule Cell Injury and Kidney Function Decline in SPRINT Trial Participants with CKD.
Defining a cellular map of cAMP nanodomains.
Auxiliary proteins are the predominant determinants of differential efficacy of clinical candidates acting as AMPA receptor positive allosteric mod...
Direct Interaction of PP2A Phosphatase with GABAB Receptors Alters Functional Signaling.
Calcium-Dependent Protein Kinase CPK1 Controls Cell Death by In Vivo Phosphorylation of Senescence Master Regulator ORE1.
The Arabidopsis Plastidial Glucose-6-phosphate Transporter GPT1 is Dually Targeted to Peroxisomes via the Endoplasmic Reticulum.
Establishment of 5 \ \'  -3 \ \'   interactions in mRNA independent of a continuous ribose-phosphate backbone.
RhoBTB Proteins Regulate the Hippo Pathway by Antagonizing Ubiquitination of LKB1.
Genome Report-A Genome Sequence Analysis of the RB51 Strain of Brucella abortus in the Context of Its Vaccine Properties.
Mitochondrial dysfunction during loss of prohibitin 1 triggers Paneth cell defects and ileitis.
PAX1 is essential for development and function of the human thymus.
Selection for antimicrobial resistance in foodborne pathogens through exposure to ultraviolet light and non-thermal atmospheric plasma decontaminat...
A Novel Tail-Associated O91-Specific Polysaccharide Depolymerase from Podophage Reveals Lytic Efficacy of Shiga Toxin-Producing E. coli.
A bacterial vaccine polypeptide protective against nontypable Haemophilus influenzae.
In vitro and in vivo activity of a possible novel antifungal small molecule against Candida albicans.
Captopril Attenuates the Upregulated Connexin 43 Expression in Artery Calcification.
IL-19 as a Biomarker for the Seveity of Acute Myocardial Infarction.
Highly Expressed DLL4 and JAG1: Their Role in Incidence of Breast Cancer Metastasis.
Prognostic Factors Associating With Pro-oxidant-antioxidant Balance; Neutrophils to Lymphocytes Ratio, Vitamin D, Heat Shock Protein 27, and Red Ce...
High Glucose Content Abrogated the Normal Activity of Heat Shock Protein Signaling Pathway in Human Neuroblastoma Cells.
Isopulegol, A Dietary Monoterpene Mitigates Hyperglycemia Mediated\xa0Oxidative and Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in HFD/STZ Induced\xa0Diabetic Rats.
A homozygous RPL10L missense mutation associated with male\xa0factor\xa0infertility and severe oligozoospermia.
Anticataract effects of S. cumini and A. marmelos on goat lenses in an experimental diabetic cataract model.
Structural and immunogenomic insights into B-cell receptor activation.
TRAIL receptors are differentially regulated and clinically significant in gallbladder cancer.
Choline transporter-like 1 (CTL1) positively regulates apical hook development in etiolated Arabidopsis seedlings.
miR-532-3p inhibits osteogenic differentiation in MC3T3-E1 cells by downregulating ETS1.
Lipid and protein oxidation of emulsified chicken patties prepared using abdominal fat and skin.
A comparison between the quality of eggs from indigenous chicken breeds and that from commercial layers.
Multiple factorial analysis of physicochemical and organoleptic properties of breast and thigh meat of broilers fed a diet supplemented with humic ...
Effect of spaghetti meat abnormality on broiler chicken breast meat composition and technological quality.
The apoptotic and free radical-scavenging abilities of the protein hydrolysate obtained from chicken feather meal.
Developmental changes in hepatic lipid metabolism of chicks during the embryonic periods and the first week of posthatch.
Using crystalline amino acids to supplement broiler chicken requirements in reduced protein diets.
Influence of meat and bone meal, phytase, and antibiotics on broiler chickens challenged with subclinical necrotic enteritis: 1. growth performance...
Effect of natural extracts obtained from food industry by-products on nutritional quality and shelf life of chicken nuggets enriched with organic Z...
Egg production and quality responses to increasing isoleucine supplementation in Shaver white hens fed a low crude protein corn-soybean meal diet f...
Research Note: Development of an ELISA to distinguish between goose parvovirus infection and vaccine immunization antibodies.
Advances in methodologies for detecting MHC-B variability in chickens.
Impact of in ovo administered pioneer colonizers on intestinal proteome on day of hatch.
Expression and secretion of albumin in male turkey (Meleagris gallopavo) reproductive tract in relation to yellow semen syndrome.
Differential proteomic analysis to identify proteins associated with beak deformity in chickens.
Maxillofacial Bone Grafting Materials.
Complementary feeding practices and nutrient intakes of children aged 6-24\u2009months from Bangladeshi background living in Tower Hamlets, East London:...
Single-cell transcriptome analysis reveals TOX as a promoting factor for T cell exhaustion and a predictor for anti-PD-1 responses in human cancer.
Benchmarking hybrid assemblies of Giardia and prediction of widespread intra-isolate structural variation.
NoncoRNA: a database of experimentally supported non-coding RNAs and drug targets in cancer.
FKBP9 promotes the malignant behavior of glioblastoma cells and confers resistance to endoplasmic reticulum stress inducers.
CircMUC16 promotes autophagy of epithelial ovarian cancer via interaction with ATG13 and miR-199a.
The emerging roles of N6-methyladenosine (m6A) deregulation in liver carcinogenesis.
METTL14 suppresses proliferation and metastasis of colorectal cancer by down-regulating oncogenic long non-coding RNA XIST.
HDAC8 inhibitor attenuates airway responses to antigen stimulus through synchronously suppressing galectin-3 expression and reducing macrophage-2 p...
Relative contributions of non-essential Sec pathway components and cell envelope-associated proteases to high-level enzyme secretion by Bacillus su...
Association between gene polymorphisms of voltage-dependent Ca2+ channels and hypertension in the Dai people of China: a case-control study.
Multiple m6A RNA methylation modulators promote the malignant progression of hepatocellular carcinoma and affect its clinical prognosis.
A doublecortin-domain protein of Toxoplasma and its orthologues bind to and modify the structure and organization of tubulin polymers.
Heterotrimeric G protein are involved in the regulation of multiple agronomic traits and stress tolerance in rice.
Detection of CNV in the SH3RF2 gene and its effects on growth and carcass traits in chickens.
The thyroid hormone inactivator enzyme, Type 3 deiodinase, is essential for coordination of keratinocyte growth and differentiation.
Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease: From Amyloid to Autoimmune Hypothesis.
Anti-pituitary and anti-hypothalamus autoantibody associations with inflammation and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in men with traumatic brain injury.
CITK Loss Inhibits Growth of Group 3 and Group 4 Medulloblastoma Cells and Sensitizes Them to DNA-Damaging Agents.
The Drosophila RNA Helicase Belle (DDX3) Non-Autonomously Suppresses Germline Tumorigenesis Via Regulation of a Specific mRNA Set.
ZnO Nanoparticles Induced Caspase-Dependent Apoptosis in Gingival Squamous Cell Carcinoma through Mitochondrial Dysfunction and p70S6K Signaling Pa...
Monocarboxylate Transporter 1 (MCT1) in Liver Pathology.
Local Delivery of Gemcitabine Inhibits Pancreatic and Cholangiocarcinoma Tumor Growth by Promoting Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Degradation.
In-depth Understanding of Camellia oleifera Self-incompatibility by Comparative Transcriptome, Proteome and Metabolome.
Regulation of AQP4 in the Central Nervous System.
Mutant p53-Associated Molecular Mechanisms of ROS Regulation in Cancer Cells.
Mutation-Dependent Pathomechanisms Determine the Phenotype in the Bestrophinopathies.
The Uropathogenic Specific Protein Gene usp from Escherichia coli and Salmonella bongori is a Novel Member of the TyrR and H-NS Regulons.
Whole-Genome Sequencing of Lactobacillus helveticus D75 and D76 Confirms Safety and Probiotic Potential.
Engineering Robust Cellulases for Tailored Lignocellulosic Degradation Cocktails.
Molecular Interactions of the Polysialytransferase Domain (PSTD) in ST8Sia IV with CMP-Sialic Acid and Polysialic Acid Required for Polysialylation...
Protective Effect of Diphlorethohydroxycarmalol Isolated from Ishige okamurae Against Particulate Matter-Induced Skin Damage by Regulation of NF-κB...
A Systematic Exposition of Methods used for Quantification of Heart Regeneration after Apex Resection in Zebrafish.
Replication Protein A (RPA) Mediates Radio-Resistance of Glioblastoma Cancer Stem-Like Cells.
Proteomic Analysis of Mucopolysaccharidosis IIIB Mouse Brain.
Sonic Hedgehog Signaling and Tooth Development.
Inhibitory Effects of Urtica thunbergiana Ethanol Extract on Atopic Dermatitis-Induced NC/Nga Mice.
Spiraea prunifolia var. simpliciflora Attenuates Oxidative Stress and Inflammatory Responses in a Murine Model of Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Acute ...
Initiation of Conceptus Elongation Coincides with an Endometrium Basic Fibroblast Growth Factor (FGF2) Protein Increase in Heifers.
Loss of Histone Locus Bodies in the Mature Hemocytes of Larval Lymph Gland Result in Hyperplasia of the Tissue in mxc Mutants of Drosophila.
Identification of the WUSCHEL-Related Homeobox (WOX) Gene Family, and Interaction and Functional Analysis of TaWOX9 and TaWUS in Wheat.
COL2A1 and Caspase-3 as Promising Biomarkers for Osteoarthritis Prognosis in an Equus asinus Model.
Oxidative Stress and Atopic Dermatitis.
Conformational Switching in Bcl-xL: Enabling Non-Canonic Inhibition of Apoptosis Involves Multiple Intermediates and Lipid Interactions.
Network Properties of Cancer Prognostic Gene Signatures in the Human Protein Interactome.
Translational Regulations in Response to Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Cancers.
Identification of the Differentially Expressed Genes of Muscle Growth and Intramuscular Fat Metabolism in the Development Stage of Yellow Broilers.
Serum Catestatin Levels and Arterial Stiffness Parameters Are Increased in Patients with Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Quercetin Protects Against Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Intestinal Oxidative Stress in Broiler Chickens through Activation of Nrf2 Pathway.
The Role of MYC and PP2A in the Initiation and Progression of Myeloid Leukemias.
Sequential i-GONAD: An Improved In Vivo Technique for CRISPR/Cas9-Based Genetic Manipulations in Mice.
Transient Receptor Potential Canonical 5-Scramblase Signaling Complex Mediates Neuronal Phosphatidylserine Externalization and Apoptosis.
Isoalantolactone Enhances the Antimicrobial Activity of Penicillin G against Staphylococcus aureus by Inactivating β-lactamase during Protein Trans...
Silver Nanoparticles Synthesized by Using Bacillus cereus SZT1 Ameliorated the Damage of Bacterial Leaf Blight Pathogen in Rice.
The Landscape of the Anti-Kinase Activity of the IDH1 Inhibitors.
Differential Effects of MitoVitE, α-Tocopherol and Trolox on Oxidative Stress, Mitochondrial Function and Inflammatory Signalling Pathways in Endot...
Enhanced CXCR4 Expression Associates with Increased Gene Body 5-Hydroxymethylcytosine Modification but not Decreased Promoter Methylation in Colore...
A TMT-Based Quantitative Proteome Analysis to Elucidate the TSWV Induced Signaling Cascade in Susceptible and Resistant Cultivars of Solanum lycope...
Hempseed Lignanamides Rich-Fraction: Chemical Investigation and Cytotoxicity towards U-87 Glioblastoma Cells.
Chemometrics-Assisted Identification of Anti-Inflammatory Compounds from the Green Alga Klebsormidium flaccidum var. zivo.
Glycine Attenuates Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Acute Lung Injury by Regulating NLRP3 Inflammasome and NRF2 Signaling.
Modulation of Fatty Acid-Related Genes in the Response of H9c2 Cardiac Cells to Palmitate and n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids.
Quantum Dot Labelling of Tepary Bean (Phaseolus acutifolius) Lectins by Microfluidics.
Parameters of Oxidative Stress in Reproductive and Postmenopausal Mexican Women.
Biosorption Characteristics of Hg(II) from Aqueous Solution by the Biopolymer from Waste Activated Sludge.
The Arabidopsis Hypoxia Inducible AtR8 Long Non-Coding RNA also Contributes to Plant Defense and Root Elongation Coordinating with WRKY Genes under...
New Thiodiketopiperazine and 3,4-Dihydroisocoumarin Derivatives from the Marine-Derived Fungus Aspergillus terreus.
Danegaptide Enhances Astrocyte Gap Junctional Coupling and Reduces Ischemic Reperfusion Brain Injury in Mice.
Maternal Choline Intake Programs Hypothalamic Energy Regulation and Later-Life Phenotype of Male Wistar Rat Offspring.
Boosting the Peroxidase-like Activity of Cobalt Ions by Amino Acid-based Biological Species and Its Applications.
Rheological study of tannin and protein interactions based on model systems.
LC-MS/MS determination of buparlisib, a phosphoinositide 3 kinase inhibitor in rat plasma: Application to a pharmacokinetic study.
The congenital cataract-causing mutations P20R and A171T are associated with important changes in the amyloidogenic feature, structure and chaperon...
Association of Apolipoprotein C3 Levels and Hepatic Steatosis: A Follow-Up Study.
2-phenylethynesulfonamide inhibits growth of oral squamous cell carcinoma cells by blocking the function of heat shock protein 70.
Schizandrin A exhibits potent anticancer activity in colorectal cancer cells by inhibiting heat shock factor 1.
Impaired tubular reabsorption is the main mechanism explaining increases in urinary NGAL excretion following acute kidney injury in rats.
Towards normalization selection of Raman data in the context of protein glycation: application of validity indices to PCA processed spectra.
Biodegradable nano-organosilica gene carrier for high-efficiency gene transfection.
Prenatal Biochemical Screening and a Woman \ \'  s Long-Term Risk of Cancer: A Population-Based Cohort Study.
A Novel TBX1 Variant Causing Hypoparathyroidism and Deafness.
A helical inner scaffold provides a structural basis for centriole cohesion.
Successful treatment of adult-onset still disease caused by pulmonary infection-associated hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis: A case report.
Association of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Asian Indians: A cross-sectional study.
Dengue in children and young adults, a cross-sectional study from the western part of Uttar Pradesh.
AgNOR as an effective diagnostic tool for determining the proliferative nature of different types of odontogenic cysts.
Case of internal jugular vein thrombosis and fever: Lemierre \ \'  s syndrome or Trousseau \ \'  s syndrome?
The role of hydrogen peroxide-inducible clone-5 in tumor progression.
Co-expression network analysis reveals the pivotal role of mitochondrial dysfunction and interferon signature in juvenile dermatomyositis.
Tight DNA-protein complexes isolated from barley seedlings are rich in potential guanine quadruplex sequences.
AIF1 was identified as an up-regulated gene contributing to CSFV Shimen infection in porcine alveolar macrophage 3D4/21 cells.
Genome-wide characterization and expression analysis of the Dof gene family related to abiotic stress in watermelon.
Pharmacobiological management of hemostasis within clinical backgrounds via Ankaferd hemostat (Ankaferd blood stopper).
Endoplasmic reticulum stress and pulmonary hypertension.
Sugen-morphine model of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Study of atopic multimorbidity in subjects with rhinitis using multiplex allergen component analysis.
Integrated network pharmacology and targeted metabolomics to reveal the mechanism of nephrotoxicity of triptolide.
Isonitrile-responsive and bioorthogonally removable tetrazine protecting groups.
Secondary amine selective Petasis (SASP) bioconjugation.
Twists or turns: stabilising alpha vs. beta turns in tetrapeptides.
Fabrication of rigidity and space variable protein oligomers with two peptide linkers.
HAMA: a multiplexed LC-MS/MS assay for specificity profiling of adenylate-forming enzymes.
Development of a DUB-selective fluorogenic substrate.
Ketoxime peptide ligations: oxidative couplings of alkoxyamines to N-aryl peptides.
Rational design of a DNA sequence-specific modular protein tag by tuning the alkylation kinetics.
Chemical labeling for fine mapping of IgG N-glycosylation by ETD-MS.
In vitro studies on CNGRC-CPG2 fusion proteins for ligand-directed enzyme prodrug therapy for targeted cancer therapy.
HIF-2α regulates CD44 to promote cancer stem cell activation in triple-negative breast cancer via PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling.
Generation of induced secretome from adipose-derived stem cells specialized for disease-specific treatment: An experimental mouse model.
High-Throughput Screening of Blood Donors for Twelve Human Platelet Antigen Systems Using Next-Generation Sequencing Reveals Detection of Rare Poly...
Purple sweet potato color protects against hepatocyte apoptosis through Sirt1 activation in high-fat-diet-treated mice.
Alteration of Metal Elements in Radiation Injury: Radiation-Induced Copper Accumulation Aggravates Intestinal Damage.
Knocking Out SST Gene of BGC823 Gastric Cancer Cell by CRISPR/Cas9 Enhances Migration, Invasion and Expression of SEMA5A and KLF2.
Matrine Restrains Cell Growth and Metastasis by Up-Regulating LINC00472 in Bladder Carcinoma.
circPVT1 Facilitates Invasion and Metastasis by Regulating miR-205-5p/c-FLIP Axis in Osteosarcoma.
LncRNA DCST1-AS1 Was Upregulated in Endometrial Carcinoma and May Sponge miR-92a-3p to Upregulate Notch1.
Regulation of E2F Transcription Factor 3 by microRNA-152 Modulates Gastric Cancer Invasion and Metastasis.
G Protein-Gated Inwardly Rectifying Potassium Channel Subunit 3 is Upregulated in Rat DRGs and Spinal Cord After Peripheral Nerve Injury.
Podocyte Density and Albuminuria in Aging Diabetic Ins2± Mice with or Without Adenosine A1 Receptor Signaling.
Mitochondrial Dynamic Dysfunction as a Main Triggering Factor for Inflammation Associated Chronic Non-Communicable Diseases.
The Utility of Retinol-Binding Protein 4 in Predicting Liver Fibrosis in Chronic Hepatitis C Patients in Response to Direct-Acting Antivirals.
Identification of Key Genes Involved in Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy Progression and Associated with Pancreatic Cancer.
Antitumor Effect of miR-1294/Pyruvate Kinase M2 Signaling Cascade in Osteosarcoma Cells.
FOXC2 Promotes Oxaliplatin Resistance by Inducing Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition via MAPK/ERK Signaling in Colorectal Cancer.
Circ_0058124 Upregulates MAPK1 Expression to Promote Proliferation, Metastasis and Metabolic Abilities in Thyroid Cancer Through Sponging miR-940.
Knockdown of FOXO6 Inhibits Glycolysis and Reduces Cell Resistance to Paclitaxel in HCC Cells via PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway.
The lncRNA NORAD/miR-520a-3p Facilitates Malignancy in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer via PI3k/Akt/mTOR Signaling Pathway.
A Novel lncRNA ENST00000512916 Facilitates Cell Proliferation, Migration and Cell Cycle Progression in Ameloblastoma.
HNF1A-AS1 Regulates Cell Migration, Invasion and Glycolysis via Modulating miR-124/MYO6 in Colorectal Cancer Cells.
DEP Domain-Containing Protein 1B (DEPDC1B) Promotes Migration and Invasion in Pancreatic Cancer Through the Rac1/PAK1-LIMK1-Cofilin1 Signaling Path...
FTO Facilitates Lung Adenocarcinoma Cell Progression by Activating Cell Migration Through mRNA Demethylation.
DUB3 Facilitates Growth and Inhibits Apoptosis Through Enhancing Expression of EZH2 in Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
In vitro Transport Ability of ABCC2 (G1249A) Polymorphic Variant Towards Anticancer Drugs.
EFEMP2 Suppresses the Invasion of Lung Cancer Cells by Inhibiting Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition (EMT) and Down-Regulating MMPs.
Incidence, Predictors, and Prognosis of Coronary Slow-Flow and No-Reflow Phenomenon in Patients with Chronic Total Occlusion Who Underwent Percutan...
Liquiritigenin-Loaded Submicron Emulsion Protects Against Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity via Antioxidant, Anti-Inflammatory, and Anti-Apoptotic...
Anti-Inflammatory Activity of Sanjie Zhentong Capsule Assessed By Network Pharmacology Analysis of Adenomyosis Treatment.
Adenosine Inhibits Ovarian Cancer Growth Through Regulating RhoGDI2 Protein Expression.
Novel sources of variation in grain Zinc (Zn) concentration in bread wheat germplasm derived from Watkins landraces.
miR-1-5p targets TGF-βR1 and is suppressed in the hypertrophying hearts of rats with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Insulin-like growth factor 2 binding protein 3 expression on endoscopic ultrasound guided fine needle aspiration specimens in pancreatic ductal ade...
Enhancement of local bone formation on titanium implants in osteoporotic rats by biomimetic multilayered structures containing parathyroid hormone ...
Design, modeling and 3D printing of a personalized cervix tissue implant with protein release function.
Fiber diameter, porosity and functional group gradients in electrospun scaffolds.
Reduced Glucose Tolerance and Skeletal Muscle GLUT4 and IRS1 Content in Cyclists Habituated to a Long-Term Low-Carbohydrate, High-Fat Diet.
Role of KCNAB2 expression in modulating hormone secretion in somatotroph pituitary adenoma.
Protein structure optimization using improved simulated annealing algorithm on a three-dimensional AB off-lattice model.
Poor clinical outcomes of intratumoral dendritic cell-specific intercellular adhesion molecule 3-grabbing non-integrin-positive macrophages associa...
Another side of the association between body mass index (BMI) and clinical outcomes of cancer patients receiving programmed cell death protein-1 (P...
Caveolin proteins electrochemical oxidation and interaction with cholesterol.
Investigation of the effects of dichlorvos poisoning on AMPK signaling pathway in chicken brain tissues.
Activity-based protein profiling: Recent advances in medicinal chemistry.
The "adductome": A limited repertoire of adducted proteins in human cells.
Measurement of cholecystokinin in plasma with reference to nutrition related obesity studies.
Interactions of human organic anion transporters 1-4 and human organic cation transporters 1-3 with the stimulant drug methamphetamine and amphetam...
Comparative genomics of vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus spp. revealed common resistome determinants from hospital wastewater to aquatic environme...
Albumin is the major carrier protein for PFOS, PFOA, PFHxS, PFNA and PFDA in human plasma.
Performance evaluation of a biotrickling filter for the removal of gas-phase 1,2-dichlorobenzene: Influence of rhamnolipid and ferric ions.
Bacteroidetes can be a rich source of novel lanthipeptides: The case study of Pedobacter lusitanus.
Modification of the host ubiquitome by bacterial enzymes.
PVOH/protein blend films embedded with lactic acid bacteria and their antilisterial activity in pasteurized milk.
Osteopontin exacerbates the progression of experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis by affecting the differentiation of T cell subsets.
Hybrid Spectral Library Combining DIA-MS Data and a Targeted Virtual Library Substantially Deepens the Proteome Coverage.
Heterogeneous phenotype of Hereditary Xerocytosis in association with PIEZO1 variants.
Different intracellular signalling sensitivity and cell behaviour of porcine insulin with aging.
C-reactive protein and drain amylase accurately predict clinically relevant pancreatic fistula after partial pancreaticoduodenectomy.
Effectiveness of Ustekinumab Dose Escalation in Patients With Crohn \ \'  s Disease.
Chromogranin A provides additional prognostic information in children with severe hand, foot, and mouth disease: A prospective observational study.
A novel programmed cell death protein 4 negatively regulates CgIL17-5 expression in hemocytes of oyster Pacific oyster (Crassostrea gigas).
The effect of dietary cecropin AD on intestinal health, immune response and disease resistance of juvenile turbot (Scophthalmus maximus L.).
SHP1 tyrosine phosphatase gets involved in host defense against Streptococcus agalactiae infection and BCR signaling pathway in Nile tilapia (Oreoc...
Bursicon homodimers induce the innate immunity via Relish in Procambarus clarkii.
Carbon nanotubes-loaded subunit vaccine can increase protective immunity against rhabdovirus infections of largemouth bass (Micropterus Salmoides).
What functional proteomic and biochemical analysis tell us about animal stress in beef?
A protocol for studying structural dynamics of proteins by quantitative crosslinking mass spectrometry and data-independent acquisition.
Comparison of biofilm production and virulence gene distribution among community- and hospital-acquired Staphylococcus aureus isolates from northwe...
Calorie restriction for enhanced longevity: The role of novel dietary strategies in the present obesogenic environment.
Causes and consequences of mitochondrial proteome size variation in animals.
The role of small molecule Flt3 receptor protein-tyrosine kinase inhibitors in the treatment of Flt3-positive acute myelogenous leukemias.
Decreased expression of neuronal nitric oxide synthase contributes to the endothelial dysfunction associated with cigarette smoking in human.
Production and characterization of monoclonal antibodies against GII.6 norovirus virus-like particles.
Oral biosciences: The annual review 2019.
Plasma exosomal prion protein levels are correlated with cognitive decline in PD patients.
The role of testosterone in mu-opioid receptor expression in the trigeminal ganglia of opioid-tolerant rats.
Dephosphorylation of Fas-ligand and caveolin-1 is a prerequisite step in Fas-ligand - caveolin-1 complex formation and cell death stimulation.
Chronic WNT/β-catenin signaling induces cellular senescence in lung epithelial cells.
A reporter cell line for real-time imaging of autophagy and apoptosis.
NOD2 regulates microglial inflammation through the TAK1-NF-κB pathway and autophagy activation in murine pneumococcal meningitis.
Mesenchymal stem cells modified with angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 are superior for amelioration of glomerular fibrosis in diabetic nephropathy.
CR6 interacting factor 1 deficiency induces premature senescence via SIRT3 inhibition in endothelial cells.
Acetyl-11-keto-β-boswellic acid ameliorates cognitive deficits and reduces amyloid-β levels in APPswe/PS1dE9 mice through antioxidant and anti-infl...
Ketamine induces rapid and sustained antidepressant-like effects in chronic pain induced depression: Role of MAPK signaling pathway.
N-glycosylation state of TRPM8 protein revealed by terahertz spectroscopy and molecular modelling.
Exosomal Nrf2: From anti-oxidant and anti-inflammation response to wound healing and tissue regeneration in aged-related diseases.
MiR-139-5p/SLC7A11 inhibits the proliferation, invasion and metastasis of pancreatic carcinoma via PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Keep an eye on adenosine: Its role in retinal inflammation.
Molecular mechanisms of apoptosis induced by a novel synthetic quinolinone derivative in HL-60 human leukemia cells.
Porcine IGF-1R synonymous mutations in the intracellular domain affect cell proliferation and alter kinase activity.
A high level of chloroplast genome sequence variability in the Sawtooth Oak Quercus acutissima.
Extraction, purification and characterization of sulphated polysaccharide from Bellamya quadrata and its stabilization roles on atherosclerotic pla...
Recombinant expression, characterization and phylogenetic studies of novels cystatins-like proteins of sweet orange (Citrus sinensis) and clementin...
Clinical and computed tomographic imaging features of novel coronavirus pneumonia caused by SARS-CoV-2.
De Novo Variants in SPOP Cause Two Clinically Distinct Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
A Quantitative Tissue-Specific Landscape of Protein Redox Regulation during Aging.
Structural Mechanism for GSDMD Targeting by Autoprocessed Caspases in Pyroptosis.
A Combinatorial MAP Code Dictates Polarized Microtubule Transport.
Aberrant Expression of a Non-muscle RBFOX2 Isoform Triggers Cardiac Conduction Defects in Myotonic Dystrophy.
ESCRT-III/Vps4 Controls Heterochromatin-Nuclear Envelope Attachments.
Vimentin Coordinates Protein Turnover at the Aggresome during Neural Stem Cell Quiescence Exit.
CDK4/6 Inhibitors Impair Recovery from Cytotoxic Chemotherapy in Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma.
Proteome Instability Is a Therapeutic Vulnerability in Mismatch Repair-Deficient Cancer.
Dual Plasmepsin-Targeting Antimalarial Agents Disrupt Multiple Stages of the Malaria Parasite Life Cycle.
N-Terminal Amino Acids Determine KLF4 Protein Stability in 2A Peptide-Linked Polycistronic Reprogramming Constructs.
Different Vinculin Binding Sites Use the Same Mechanism to Regulate Directional Force Transduction.
Crystal Structure of the Mannose-6-Phosphate Uncovering Enzyme.
Critical Evaluation of Photo-cross-linking Parameters for the Implementation of Efficient DNA-Encoded Chemical Library Selections.
Controlled Loading and Release of Beta-Lactoglobulin in Calcium-Polygalacturonate Hydrogels.
The Impact of Sustained Immunization Regimens on the Antibody Response to Oligomannose Glycans.
Nutritional status, intake, and outcomes in critically ill children with bronchiolitis.
PGC-1α overexpression increases transcription factor EB nuclear localization and lysosome abundance in dystrophin-deficient skeletal muscle.
Quantification of Biomarker Proteins Using Reverse-Phase Protein Arrays.
Radiation cystitis modeling: A comparative study of bladder fibrosis radio-sensitivity in C57BL/6, C3H, and BALB/c mice.
Altered proteomics profile in the amnion of patients with oligohydramnios.
Neonatal exposure to bisphenol A advances pubertal development in female rats.
Preparative Mass Spectrometry Using a Rotating-Wall Mass Analyzer.
Aspartate: An interesting model for analyzing dipole-ion and ion pair interactions through its oppositely charged amine and acid groups.
The effect of the systemic folic acid intake as an adjunct to scaling and root planing on clinical parameters and homocysteine and C-reactive prote...
Role of some natural anti-oxidants in the down regulation of Kim, VCAM1, Cystatin C protein expression in lead acetate-induced acute kidney injury.
Mismatch repair systems might facilitate the chromosomal recombination induced by N-nitrosodimethylamine, but not by N-nitrosodiethylamine, in Dros...
Deciphering aquaporin regulation and roles in seed biology.
Correction:\xa0Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Nonstructural Protein 4 Induces Apoptosis Dependent on Its 3C-Like Serine Protease ...
Diverse effects of interferon alpha on the establishment and reversal of HIV latency.
Flexibility and intrinsic disorder are conserved features of hepatitis C virus E2 glycoprotein.
Cholesterol metabolism regulation mediated by SREBP-2, LXRα and miR-33a in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) both in vivo and in vitro.
Postprandial transfer of colostral extracellular vesicles and their protein and miRNA cargo in neonatal calves.
A multi-omics dataset of heat-shock response in the yeast RNA binding protein Mip6.
Impact of water temperature on reconstitution of quality controls for routine hemostasis testing.
Integrated analysis of H2A.Z isoforms function reveals a complex interplay in gene regulation.
Harvesting microalgae using ozone-air flotation for recovery of biomass, lipids, carbohydrates, and proteins.
Association of Serum Lipoprotein-Associated Phospholipase A2 and A379V Gene Polymorphisms with Carotid Plaques.
Proteomics of Select Neglected Tropical Diseases.
Making Sharper Peaks for Reverse-Phase Liquid Chromatography of Proteins.
LncRNA MACC1-AS1 Promotes Lung Adenocarcinoma Cell Proliferation by Downregulating PTEN.
Correlation Between Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms of the rs664589 Locus in the Long-Chain Noncoding RNA Lung Adenocarcinoma Metastasis-Associated...
Extracellular Vesicles: A New Frontier for Research in Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome.
Photoactive Yellow Protein Chromophore Photoisomerizes around a Single Bond if the Double Bond Is Locked.
Re-Evaluating the Mechanism of Action of α,β-Unsaturated Carbonyl DUB Inhibitors b-AP15 and VLX1570: A Paradigmatic Example of Unspecific Protein C...
Cell-Penetrating Streptavidin: A General Tool for Bifunctional Delivery with Spatiotemporal Control, Mediated by Transport Systems Such as Adaptive...
CL-FEP: An End-State Free Energy Perturbation Approach.
Serum concentration of osteopontin and interleukin 17 in psoriatic patients.
From Silk Spinning to 3D Printing: Polymer Manufacturing using Directed Hierarchical Molecular Assembly.
Hedgehog signalling mediates drug resistance through targeting TAP1 in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Investigating the clearance of VWF A-domains using site-directed PEGylation and novel N-linked glycosylation.
Innovative development of membrane sparger for carbon dioxide supply in microalgae cultures.
Hydrogen exerts neuroprotection by activation of the miR-21/PI3K/AKT/GSK-3β pathway in an in vitro model of traumatic brain injury.
Urine protein-to-creatinine ratio in cattle with subclinical renal disease.
Generation of Singlet Molecular Oxygen by Lipid Hydroperoxides and Nitronium Ion.
Th2 cells promote eosinophil-independent pathology in a murine model of allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis.
Serum Fetuin-A and Insulin Levels in Classic Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia.
MMR Deficiency is Homogeneous in Pancreatic Carcinoma and Associated with High Density of Cd8-Positive Lymphocytes.
Profiling the expression and function of oestrogen receptor isoform ER46 in human endometrial tissues and uterine natural killer cells.
Astragaloside IV attenuates IL-1β secretion by enhancing autophagy in H1N1 infection.
Transcriptional signature of prion-induced neurotoxicity in a Drosophila model of transmissible mammalian prion disease.
PSORTm: a bacterial and archaeal protein subcellular localization prediction tool for metagenomics data.
Bio2Rxn: sequence-based enzymatic reaction predictions by a consensus strategy.
Bioactive proteins in bovine colostrum and effects of heating, drying and irradiation.
Toehold-regulated competitive assembly to accelerate the kinetics of graphene oxide-based biosensors.
Anti-obesity effects of red seaweed, Plocamium telfairiae, in C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet.
Thermo- and pH-responsive fibrillization of squid suckerin A1H1 peptide.
High-Intensity Functional Training Improves Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Neuromuscular Performance Without Inflammation or Muscle Damage.
An exceptional case of severe combined inherited thrombophilia successfully treated with rivaroxaban.
Inhibitors of the blood coagulation process in patients with essential thrombocythemia.
Quantitative real-time PCR assay with immunohistochemical evaluation of HER2/neu oncogene in breast cancer patients and its correlation with clinic...
Analytical validation of 13 biochemistry parameters (CEA, CA 19-9, amylase, lipase, sodium, potassium, chloride, creatinine, glucose, protein, albu...
Examples of accreditation of serum and urinary proteins electrophoresis.
Switching toward the use of recombinant factor VIII Fc fusion protein Study among 30 patients with severe hemophilia A.
Structures of the ATP-fueled ClpXP proteolytic machine bound to protein substrate.
Comparative genomics of the fish pathogens Edwardsiella ictaluri 93-146 and Edwardsiella piscicida C07-087.
Screening of tea saponin-degrading strain to degrade the residual tea saponin in tea seed cake.
Obtaining transition rates from single-channel data without initial parameter seeding.
Differential diagnosis of tuberculous and malignant pleural effusions: comparison of the Th1/Th2 cytokine panel, tumor marker panel and chemistry p...
Expression of PTHrP and RANKL in acquired middle ear cholesteatoma epithelium.
Clinical pharmacology of imeglimin for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Sulforaphane prevents right ventricular injury and reduces pulmonary vascular remodeling in pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Ginkgo biloba Induces Thrombomodulin Expression and Tissue-Type Plasminogen Activator Secretion via the Activation of Krüppel-Like Factor 2 within ...
Spatiotemporal Proteomics Reveals the Molecular Consequences of Hormone Treatment in a Mouse Model of Lower Urinary Tract Dysfunction.
Condensation of 2-((Alkylthio)(aryl)methylene)malononitrile with 1,2-Aminothiol as a Novel Bioorthogonal Reaction for Site-Specific Protein Modific...
Combinatorial Effect of Ligand and Ligand-Binding Site Hydrophobicities on Binding Affinity.
Prolonged Heat Stress of Lactobacillus paracasei GCRL163 Improves Binding to Human Colorectal Adenocarcinoma HT-29 Cells and Modulates the Relative...
High Flocculation of Coal Washing Wastewater Using a Novel Bioflocculant from Isaria cicadae GZU6722.
Isolation and Identification of Chlamydia abortus from Aborted Ewes in Sulaimani Province, Northern Iraq.
Comparison of SynCAM1/CADM1 PDZ interactions with MUPP1 using mammalian and bacterial pull-down systems.
MicroRNA-based recombinant AAV vector assembly improves efficiency of suicide gene transfer in a murine model of lymphoma.
Effect of Plain Versus Sugar-Sweetened Breakfast on Energy Balance and Metabolic Health: A Randomized Crossover Trial.
Proteomic Investigation on Anopheles gambiae in Burkina Faso Related to Insecticide Pressures from Different Climatic Regions.
Laodelphax striatellus Atg8 facilitates Rice stripe virus infection in an autophagy-independent manner.
Advanced Cell Mapping Visualizations for Single Cell Functional Proteomics Enabling Patient Stratification.
Phospholipase C gamma (PLCγ) regulates soluble trehalase in the 20E-induced fecundity of Apolygus lucorum.
Purification of canine albumin by heat denaturation in a plasma bag.
The X-linked filaminopathies: Synergistic insights from clinical and molecular analysis.
Skin-patch of Xin Huang Pian on relieving joint symptoms in patients with acute gouty arthritis: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Active-Controlled Trial.
Tight junctions in the development of asthma, chronic rhinosinusitis, atopic dermatitis, eosinophilic esophagitis, and inflammatory bowel diseases.
Chicken-or-egg question: Which came first, extracellular vesicles or autoimmune diseases?
Hsa_circ_0003645 shows an oncogenic role by sponging microRNA-1299 in hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Galectin-10, the protein that forms Charcot-Leyden crystals, is not stored in granules but resides in the peripheral cytoplasm of human eosinophils.
Human papillomavirus E6: Host cell receptor, GRP78, binding site prediction.
AKAP1 mediates high glucose-induced mitochondrial fission through the phosphorylation of Drp1 in podocytes.
Obtaining glycoconjugates of marine origin via Maillard reaction and their cytotoxic effect: an alternative for the use of animal byproducts.
User guide for the discovery of potential drugs via protein structure prediction and ligand docking simulation.
User guides for biologists to learn computational methods.
The Secretion from Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells Pretreated with Berberine Rescues Neurons with Oxidative Damage Through Activation of the Kea...
Selumetinib for plexiform neurofibromas in neurofibromatosis type 1: a single-institution experience.
Heme Oxygenase-1 and Carbon Monoxide Regulate Growth and Progression in Glioblastoma Cells.
A New Plant Expression System for Producing Pharmaceutical Proteins.
HriGFP Novel Flourescent Protein: Expression and Applications.
Involvement of penicillin-binding proteins in the metabolism of a bacterial peptidoglycan containing a non-canonical D-amino acid.
Histopathology of diffusion-weighted imaging-positive lesions in cerebral amyloid angiopathy.
PKCγ interneurons, a gateway to pathological pain in the dorsal horn.
Ab Ab initio initio construction and evolutionary analysis of protein-coding gene families with partially homologous relationships: Closely related...
Female ageing affects the DNA repair capacity of oocytes in IVF using a controlled model of sperm DNA damage in mice.
The evolution history of Fe-S cluster A-type assembly protein reveals multiple gene duplication events and essential protein motifs.
Protein labeling approach to improve lysosomal targeting and efficacy of antibody-drug conjugates.
Protein corona formation and its influence on biomimetic magnetite nanoparticles.
Requirement of the acyl-CoA carrier ACBD6 in myristoylation of proteins: Activation by ligand binding and protein interaction.
MiR-629-5p promotes the invasion of lung adenocarcinoma via increasing both tumor cell invasion and endothelial cell permeability.
Cancer-associated mutations in the ribosomal protein L5 gene dysregulate the HDM2/p53-mediated ribosome biogenesis checkpoint.
Speckle-tracking echocardiography combined with imaging mass spectrometry assesses region-dependent alterations.
Experimental infections and co-infections with Leishmania braziliensis and Leishmania infantum in two sand fly species, Lutzomyia migonei and Lutzo...
Click Inspired Synthesis of Novel Cinchonidine Glycoconjugates as Promising Plasmepsin Inhibitors.
Complete genome and methylome analysis of Neisseria meningitidis associated with increased serogroup Y disease.
A comprehensive analysis of coding and non-coding transcriptomic changes in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.
Polymerization in the actin ATPase clan regulates hexokinase activity in yeast.
Genetic Association Analysis of Cell Cycle Regulators Reveals YWHAZ Has Prognostic Significance in Prostate Cancer.
Identification of Novel Prognosis and Prediction Markers in Advanced Prostate Cancer Tissues Based on Quantitative Proteomics.
KIF15 Expression in Tumor-associated Monocytes Is a Prognostic Biomarker in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Pazopanib Inhibits Tumor Growth, Lymph-node Metastasis and Lymphangiogenesis of an Orthotopic Mouse of Colorectal Cancer.
Erratum: Attenuation of Eukaryotic Protein-Coding Gene Expression via Premature Transcription Termination.
A Randomized Controlled Trial of a 6-month low carbohydrate intervention on disease progression in men with recurrent prostate cancer: Carbohydrate...
Tetraspanin-6 negatively regulates exosome production.
A coherent feed-forward loop drives vascular regeneration in damaged aerial organs of plants growing in a normal developmental context.
Biological signatures of Alzheimer Disease.
Anti-dengue infectivity evaluation of bioflavonoid from Azadirachta indica by dengue virus serine protease inhibition.
Understanding the mechanism of amygdalin \ \'  s multifunctional anti-cancer action using computational approach.
Probing Protein Denaturation during Size-Exclusion Chromatography Using Native Mass Spectrometry.
HLA-DRB1 haplotype associates with selection of lipid transfer protein variants as targets of food allergy.
Proteomic analysis of Aspergillus niger 3.316 under heat stress.
The prospective curative role of lipoxin A4 in induced gastric ulcer in rats: Possible involvement of mitochondrial dynamics signaling pathway.
The burden of subclinical intra-articular inflammation in gout.
Genetic basis of relapsing polychondritis revealed by family-based whole-exome sequencing.
Cripto shapes macrophage plasticity and restricts EndMT in injured and diseased skeletal muscle.
LRIG3 represses cell motility by inhibiting slug via inactivating ERK signaling in human colorectal cancer.
Biological responses of dental pulp cells to surfaces modified by collagen 1 and fibronectin.
Monocytes present age-related changes in phospholipid concentration and decreased energy metabolism.
Associations between latent trait negative affect and patterns of food-intake among girls with loss-of-control eating.
Termination of non-coding transcription in yeast relies on both an RNA Pol II CTD interaction domain and a CTD-mimicking region in Sen1.
The role of annexin A1 in the modulation of the NLRP3 inflammasome.
Inhibition of NMDA Receptors Downregulates Astrocytic AQP4 to Suppress Seizures.
LncRNA FTX Involves in the Nogo-66-Induced Inhibition of Neurite Outgrowth Through Regulating PDK1/PKB/GSK-3β Pathway.
Selenium and antioxidant levels in children with intractable epilepsy receiving ketogenic diet.
Assessing the accuracy of octanol-water partition coefficient predictions in the SAMPL6 Part II log\xa0P Challenge.
A new method for estimating the relative binding free energy, derived from a free energy variational principle for the Pim-1-kinase-ligand and FKBP...
Mitigation of Cd toxicity by Mn in young plants of cacao, evaluated by the proteomic profiles of leaves and roots.
Functional analysis of a novel βV1 gene identified in a geminivirus betasatellite.
Diagnostic accuracy of urinary intestinal fatty acid binding protein in detecting colorectal anastomotic leakage.
A systematic review and network meta-analysis of current and investigational treatments for active ankylosing spondylitis.
The occurrence of sacroiliitis in HLA-B*35-positive patients with undifferentiated spondyloarthritis. A cross sectional MRI study.
New engineered Geobacillus lipase GD-95RM for industry focusing on the cleaner production of fatty esters and household washing product formulations.
Efficacy of a wound-dressing biomaterial on prevention of postinflammatory hyperpigmentation after suction blister epidermal grafting in stable vit...
The Cry48Aa N-terminal Domain is Responsible for Cry48Aa-Cry49Aa Interaction in Lysinibacillus sphaericus Toxin.
Euploid miscarriage is associated with elevated serum C-reactive protein levels in infertile women: a pilot study.
Amyloid cardiomyopathy.
HDAC3 functions as a positive regulator in Notch signal transduction.
Crosstalk between heterotrimeric G protein-coupled signaling pathways and WRKY transcription factors modulating plant responses to suboptimal micro...
Desiccation tolerance in streptophyte algae and the algae to land plant transition: Evolution of LEA and MIP protein families within the Viridiplan...
Comparison of GABA, somatostatin, and corticotrophin releasing hormone expression in axon terminals that target the parabrachial nucleus.
Engineering bromodomains with a photoactive amino acid by engaging  \ \'  Privileged \ \'   tRNA synthetases.
Mapping the epitopes of Schistosoma japonicum esophageal gland proteins for incorporation into vaccine constructs.
Moving towards a systems-based classification of innate immune-mediated diseases.
The tubulin code and its role in controlling microtubule properties and functions.
Endothelin-1 enhances acid-sensing ion channel currents in rat primary sensory neurons.
Endothelin-1 Mediated Decrease in Mitochondrial Gene Expression and Bioenergetics Contribute to Neurodegeneration of Retinal Ganglion Cells.
Subcellular proteomics combined with bioenergetic phenotyping reveals protein biomarkers of respiratory insufficiency in the setting of proofreadin...
Allograft inflammatory factor-1-like is not essential for age dependent weight gain or HFD-induced obesity and glucose insensitivity.
Sodium-hydrogen exchanger 6 (NHE6) deficiency leads to hearing loss, via reduced endosomal signalling through the BDNF/Trk pathway.
Structural and dynamic insights revealing how lipase binding domain MD1 of Pseudomonas aeruginosa foldase affects lipase activation.
Characterization of a Species E Adenovirus Vector as a Zika virus vaccine.
The conserved microRNA miR-34 regulates synaptogenesis via coordination of distinct mechanisms in presynaptic and postsynaptic cells.
Cerebellum-enriched protein INPP5A contributes to selective neuropathology in mouse model of spinocerebellar ataxias type 17.
Graphene-based sensing of oxygen transport through pulmonary membranes.
Curcumin Suppresses Apoptosis and Inflammation in Hypoxia/Reperfusion-Exposed Neurons via Wnt Signaling Pathway.
Structural basis of cell surface signaling by a conserved sigma regulator in Gram-negative bacteria.
Kinetic parameters of human aspartate/asparagine-β-hydroxylase suggest that it has a possible function in oxygen sensing.
The luminescent HiBiT peptide enables selective quantitation of GPCR ligand engagement and internalization in living cells.
The endogenous galactofuranosidase GlfH1 hydrolyzes mycobacterial arabinogalactan.
The kinase PERK represses translation of the G-protein-coupled receptor LGR5 and receptor tyrosine kinase ERBB3 during ER stress in cancer cells.
Genetic Profile and Functional Proteomics of Anal Squamous Cell Carcinoma: Proposal for a Molecular Classification.
Gene-Diet Interactions: Dietary Rescue of Metabolic Defects in spen-depleted Drosophila melanogaster.
Evolution Rapidly Optimizes Stability and Aggregation in Lattice Proteins Despite Pervasive Landscape Valleys and Mazes.
Protein Engineering in the Ubiquitin System: Tools for Discovery and Beyond.
Unexpected combination: DiGeorge syndrome and myeloperoxidase deficiency.
Intermittent chylomicronemia caused by intermittent GPIHBP1 autoantibodies.
Evaluation of acute kidney injury in dogs with complicated or uncomplicated Babesia rossi infection.
A meta-analysis for Kuanxiong Aerosol on the treatment of angina pectoris.
Dihydrocapsaicin-induced angiogenesis and improved functional recovery after cerebral ischemia and reperfusion in a rat model.
Fever in the returned traveller: the utility of the Platelia Dengue NS1 antigen enzyme immunoassay for the diagnosis of dengue in a non-endemic set...
Unraveling survivin expression in chronic myeloid leukemia: Molecular interactions and clinical implications.
Choroid plexus volume is associated with levels of CSF proteins: relevance for Alzheimer \ \'  s and Parkinson \ \'  s disease.
Long term nutritional and growth outcomes of children completing an intensive multidisciplinary tube-feeding weaning program.
Chemoradiotherapy response prediction model by proteomic expressional profiling in patients with locally advanced cervical cancer.
[Retinal artery occlusion and anterior ischemic optic neuropathy associated with factor V Leiden mutation: A case report].
Linking murine resistance to secondary cystic echinococcosis with antibody responses targeting Echinococcus granulosus tegumental antigens.
Role of direct oral anticoagulants in patients with\xa0kidney disease.
Neutrophils as instigators of thrombosis: Beyond antimicrobial protection.
Low-Dose Perampanel Rescues Cortical Gamma Dysregulation Associated With Parvalbumin Interneuron GluA2 Upregulation in Epileptic Syngap1+/- Mice.
Prion protein interacts with the metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 and regulates the organization of Ca2+ signaling.
MiR-315 is required for neural development and represses the expression of dFMR1 in Drosophila melanogaster.
Management of metabolic syndrome and reduction in body weight in type II diabetic mice by inhibiting glycosphingolipid synthesis.
Characterization of exosomes in peritoneal fluid of endometriosis patients.
Determination of the concentration of transcription factor by using exonuclease III-aided amplification and gold nanoparticle mediated fluorescence...
Porcine circovirus type 2 exploits JNK-mediated disruption of tight junctions to facilitate Streptococcus suis translocation across the tracheal ep...
Characterization of novel LncRNA P14AS as a protector of ANRIL through AUF1 binding in human cells.
m6A demethylase ALKBH5 inhibits tumor growth and metastasis by reducing YTHDFs-mediated YAP expression and inhibiting miR-107/LATS2-mediated YAP ac...
Engaging hospitalised patients in their nutrition care using technology: development of the NUTRI-TEC intervention.
Elevated C-reactive protein and complement C3 levels are associated with preterm birth: a nested case-control study in Chinese women.
Case report: a synonymous VHL mutation (c.414A\u2009&gt;\u2009G, p.Pro138Pro) causes pathogenic familial hemangioblastoma through dysregulated splicing.
The Antitumor Effects of Britanin on Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cells and its Real-time Evaluation by In Vivo Bioluminescence Imaging.
A Critical Review on Anticancer Mechanisms of Natural Flavonoid Puerarin.
Current Insights of Inhibitors of p38 Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinase in Inflammation.
Endogenous doesn \ \'  t always mean innocuous: a scoping review of iron toxicity by inhalation.
The Lnc LINC00461/miR-30a-5p facilitates progression and malignancy in non-small cell lung cancer via regulating ZEB2.
HX008: a humanized PD-1 blocking antibody with potent antitumor activity and superior pharmacologic properties.
Prevention of DMBA-induced mammary gland tumors in mice by a dual-function inhibitor of JAK3 and EGF receptor tyrosine kinases.
Occupational risk assessment of exposure to metals in chrome plating workers.
Energy and protein utilisation by broiler chickens fed diets containing cottonseed meal and supplemented with a composite enzyme product.
Recent developments on rapid detection of main constituents in milk: a review.
Homogeneous Dual-Parametric-Coupled Assay for Simultaneous Nucleotide Exchange and KRAS/RAF-RBD Interaction Monitoring.
Genetic Parameters for Milk Fatty Acid Composition of Holstein in Korea.
Effect of crude protein content and undegraded intake protein level on productivity, blood metabolites, carcass characteristics, and production eco...
Principal component analysis of linear udder type traits and their relationship with milk yield and composition in indigenous Sahiwal cattle.
Effect of JAK-STAT pathway in regulation of fatty liver hemorrhagic syndrome in chickens.
Association of UDP-galactose-4-epimerase (GALE) with milk protein concentration in the Chinese Holstein population.
Effects of energy-protein supplementation frequency on performance of primiparous grazing beef cows during pre and postpartum.
Response of broilers to supplementation of branched-chain amino acids blends with different valine contents in the starter period under summer cond...
Use of condensed molasses fermentation solubles as an alternative source of concentrates in dairy cows.
Effects of the Agaricus bisporus stem residue on performance, nutrients digestibility and antioxidant activity of laying hens and its effects on eg...
Clinical Implications of Circulating Tumor DNA from Ascites and Serial Plasma in Ovarian Cancer.
Nebulized heparin and salbutamol versus Salbutamol alone in acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease requiring mechanical ventil...
Functions of Vertebrate Ferlins.
Reduced SKP1 Expression Induces Chromosome Instability through Aberrant Cyclin E1 Protein Turnover.
Anti-Inflammatory and Anti-Oxidative Activity of Indole-3-Acetic Acid Involves Induction of HO-1 and Neutralization of Free Radicals in RAW264.7 Ce...
Genomic Prediction Accuracy of Seven Breeding Selection Traits Improved by QTL Identification in Flax.
Antioxidant Blueberry Anthocyanins Induce Vasodilation via PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway in High-Glucose-Induced Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cells.
Synergistic Upregulation of Target Genes by TET1 and VP64 in the dCas9-SunTag Platform.
Potential Applications of NRF2 Modulators in Cancer Therapy.
Detoxification Impacts of Ascorbic Acid and Clay on Laying Japanese Quail Fed Diets Polluted by Various Levels of Cadmium.
The Transcriptome of Pig Spermatozoa, and Its Role in Fertility.
Selenium Yeast Alleviates Ochratoxin A-Induced Hepatotoxicity via Modulation of the PI3K/AKT and Nrf2/Keap1 Signaling Pathways in Chickens.
BDNF Expression in Cortical GABAergic Interneurons.
Protein X-ray Crystallography and Drug Discovery.
Crosstalk between RNA Metabolism and Cellular Stress Responses during Zika Virus Replication.
Protective Effect of Genistein against Compound 48/80 Induced Anaphylactoid Shock via Inhibiting MAS Related G Protein-Coupled Receptor X2 (MRGPRX2).
The Protective Effect of the Polysaccharide Precursor, D-Isofloridoside, from Laurencia undulata on Alcohol-Induced Hepatotoxicity in HepG2 Cells.
Preliminary Identification of Potential Vaccine Targets for the COVID-19 Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) Based on SARS-CoV Immunological Studies.
Mut9p-LIKE KINASE Family Members: New Roles of the Plant-Specific Casein Kinase I in Plant Growth and Development.
Bacterial Enhancer Binding Proteins-AAA+ Proteins in Transcription Activation.
Two New Sturgeon Species are Susceptible to Acipenser Iridovirus European (AcIV-E) Infection.
Effect of Cholesterol and Myelin Basic Protein (MBP) Content on Lipid Monolayers Mimicking the Cytoplasmic Membrane of Myelin.
MicroRNA-155 Participates in Smoke-Inhalation-Induced Acute Lung Injury through Inhibition of SOCS-1.
Drivers, Risk Factors and Dynamics of African Swine Fever Outbreaks, Southern Highlands, Tanzania.
The Effect of Orally Dosed Levagen+™ (palmitoylethanolamide) on Exercise Recovery in Healthy Males-A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled S...
Apoptosis Induced by (-)-Epicatechin in Human Breast Cancer Cells is Mediated by Reactive Oxygen Species.
Genomic and Metabolomic Analyses of Natural Products in Nodularia spumigena Isolated from a Shrimp Culture Pond.
Targeted Protein Degradation by Chimeric Compounds using Hydrophobic E3 Ligands and Adamantane Moiety.
Gintonin-Enriched Fraction Suppresses Heat Stress-Induced Inflammation Through LPA Receptor.
Computational Models in Non-Coding RNA and Human Disease.
OVOL2-Mediated ZEB1 Downregulation May Prevent Promotion of Actinic Keratosis to Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Analysis of the Complete Genome of the Alkaliphilic and Phototrophic Firmicute Heliorestis convoluta Strain HHT.
Neuropathophysiology of Lysosomal Storage Diseases: Synaptic Dysfunction as a Starting Point for Disease Progression.
Modulation of Sex Pheromone Discrimination by A UDP-Glycosyltransferase in Drosophila melanogaster.
Dynamics and Endocytosis of Flot1 in Arabidopsis Require CPI1 Function.
Pulse Crop Effects on Gut Microbial Populations, Intestinal Function, and Adiposity in a Mouse Model of Diet-Induced Obesity.
Roles of Splicing Factors in Hormone-Related Cancer Progression.
Deciphering the Mounting Complexity of the p53 Regulatory Network in Correlation to Long Non-Coding RNAs (lncRNAs) in Ovarian Cancer.
13 Plus 1: A 30-Year Perspective on Microtubule-Based Motility in Dictyostelium.
In Silico Insights into Protein-protein Interaction Disruptive Mutations in the PCSK9-LDLR complex.
Surface Chemistry-Dependent Evolution of the Nanomaterial Corona on TiO2 Nanomaterials Following Uptake and Sub-Cellular Localization.
Paricalcitol improves experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE) by suppressing inflammation via NF-κB signaling.
Synergic effect of PD-1 blockade and endostar on the PI3K/AKT/mTOR-mediated autophagy and angiogenesis in Lewis lung carcinoma mouse model.
Folic acid (FA)-conjugated mesoporous silica nanoparticles combined with MRP-1 siRNA improves the suppressive effects of myricetin on non-small cel...
Src-family protein tyrosine kinases: A promising target for treating chronic pain.
Update on targeted cancer therapies, single or in combination, and their fine tuning for precision medicine.
Suppression of Fpr2 expression protects against endotoxin-induced acute lung injury by interacting with Nrf2-regulated TAK1 activation.
STING is an essential regulator of heart inflammation and fibrosis in mice with pathological cardiac hypertrophy via endoplasmic reticulum (ER) str...
Ginkgolic acid (GA) suppresses gastric cancer growth by inducing apoptosis and suppressing STAT3/JAK2 signaling regulated by ROS.
KIF2A promotes the progression via AKT signaling pathway and is upregulated by transcription factor ETV4 in human gastric cancer.
Therapeutic benefits of apocynin in mice with lipopolysaccharide/D-galactosamine-induced acute liver injury via suppression of the late stage pro-a...
Molecule mechanisms of Ganoderma lucidum treated hepatocellular carcinoma based on the transcriptional profiles and miRNA-target network.
Asperuloside exhibits a novel anti-leukemic activity by triggering ER stress-regulated apoptosis via targeting GRP78.
LncRNA MFI2-AS1 promotes HCC progression and metastasis by acting as a competing endogenous RNA of miR-134 to upregulate FOXM1 expression.
Inhibitory effects of JQ1 on listeria monocytogenes-induced acute liver injury by blocking BRD4/RIPK1 axis.
Magnoflorine inhibits human gastric cancer progression by inducing autophagy, apoptosis and cell cycle arrest by JNK activation regulated by ROS.
A comprehensive review of the role of long non-coding RNAs in organs with an endocrine function.
Ionizing radiation modulates vascular endothelial growth factor expression through STAT3 signaling pathway in rat neonatal primary astrocyte cultures.
Extending Comet for Global Amino Acid Variant and Post-Translational Modification Analysis Using the PSI Extended FASTA Format.
Molecular inflammation and oxidative stress are shared mechanisms involved in both myocardial infarction and periodontitis.
On the Role of DGAT1 in Seed Glycerolipid Metabolic Network and Critical Stages of Plant Development in Arabidopsis.
Treatment of periodontitis reduces systemic inflammation in type 2 diabetes.
Association of clinical severity with FANCB variant type in Fanconi anemia.
Generation and Characterization of Novel Monoclonal Antibodies Targeting\xa0p62/sequestosome-1 Across Human Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Role of Insulin-Like Growth Factor Binding Protein-3 in the Pathogenesis of Herpes Stromal Keratitis.
Association of a Variant in VWA3A with Response to Anti-Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Treatment in Neovascular AMD.
The Neuropathology of MIRAGE Syndrome.
High-mobility group box (TOX) antibody a useful tool for the identification of B and T cell subpopulations.
Machine learning on genome-wide association studies to predict the risk of radiation-associated contralateral breast cancer in the WECARE Study.
Sirtuin 1 regulates mitochondrial function and immune homeostasis in respiratory syncytial virus infected dendritic cells.
Self-organized emergence of folded protein-like network structures from geometric constraints.
Assessment of early treatment response on MRI in multiple myeloma: Comparative study of whole-body diffusion-weighted and lumbar spinal MRI.
BoaγPLI: Structural and functional characterization of the gamma phospholipase A2\xa0plasma inhibitor from the non-venomous Brazilian snake\xa0Boa constr...
Prediction of Serum-Free and Cerebrospinal Fluid Valproic Acid Levels in Patients with Hypoalbuminemia after Craniotomy.
Breast cancer immunology and immunotherapy: targeting the programmed cell death protein-1/programmed cell death protein ligand-1.
Enhanced Vascular Smooth Muscle Calcium Sensitivity and Loss of Endothelial Vasodilator Influence Contribute to Myogenic Tone Development in Rat Ra...
Growth and differentiation factor 15 is secreted by skeletal muscle during exercise and promotes lipolysis in humans.
Salt-inducible kinase 1 maintains HDAC7 stability to promote pathologic cardiac remodeling.
Effect of ultrasound combined with ultraviolet treatment on microbial inactivation and quality properties of mango juice.
Effects and mechanism of ultrasound pretreatment of protein on the Maillard reaction of protein-hydrolysate from grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella).
Bradykinin receptors: Agonists, antagonists, expression, signaling, and adaptation to sustained stimulation.
Human secreted protein SLURP-1 abolishes nicotine-induced proliferation, PTEN down-regulation and α7-nAChR expression up-regulation in lung cancer ...
Cardiac glycoside digoxin ameliorates pro-inflammatory cytokines in PBMCs of rheumatoid arthritis patients in vitro.
Synthesis, 18F-radiolabeling and apoptosis inducing studies of novel 4, 7-disubstituted coumarins.
Association between focal adhesion kinase and matrix metalloproteinase-9 expression in prostate adenocarcinoma and their influence on the progressi...
Synthesis, vibrational spectra, DFT calculations, Hirshfeld surface analysis and molecular docking study of 3-chloro-3-methyl-2,6-diphenylpiperidin...
The dual roles of calycosin in growth inhibition and metastatic progression during pancreatic cancer development: A "TGF-β paradox".
Low Incidence of High-Grade Pancreatic Intraepithelial Neoplasia Lesions in a Crmp4 Gene-Deficient Mouse Model of Pancreatic Cancer.
hERG1 and HIF-2α Behave as Biomarkers of Positive Response to Bevacizumab in Metastatic Colorectal Cancer Patients.
CHMPions of repair: Emerging perspectives on sensing and repairing the nuclear envelope barrier.
Interactions between CdTe quantum dots and plasma proteins: Kinetics, thermodynamics and molecular structure changes.
Effect of an injectable trace mineral supplement on the immune response of dairy calves.
Zygophyllum album saponins prevent atherogenic effect induced by deltamethrin via attenuating arterial accumulation of native and oxidized LDL in r...
Investigating the molecular structure of placenta and plasma in pre-eclampsia by infrared microspectroscopy.
Dextran-covered pH-sensitive oily core nanocapsules produced by interfacial Reversible Addition-Fragmentation chain transfer miniemulsion polymeriz...
Detection of estrous biomarkers in the body exudates of Kangayam cattle (Bos indicus) from interplay of hormones and behavioral expressions.
Is Any Correlation Present Between the Severity of Syndesmophytes and Spinopelvic and Clinical Parameters in Advanced Ankylosing Spondylitis?
Epidemiology of colistin-resistant, carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae and Acinetobacter baumannii in Croatia.
Seroprevalence of foot-and-mouth disease virus in cattle herds raised in Maasai Mara ecosystem in Kenya.
Analysis of the complexation behaviors of Cu(II) with DOM from sludge-based biochars and agricultural soil: Effect of pyrolysis temperature.
Transfer and bioaccumulation of mercury from soil in cowpea in gold mining sites.
Biomarkers, oxidative stress and autophagy in skin aging.
Pathogenic Aβ generation in familial Alzheimer \ \'  s disease: novel mechanistic insights and therapeutic implications.
Nanostructured recombinant protein particles raise specific antibodies against the nodavirus NNV coat protein in sole.
Insights into the molecular pathogenesis of cardiospondylocarpofacial syndrome: MAP3K7 c.737-7A\xa0&gt;\xa0G variant alters the TGFβ-mediated α-SMA cytoskel...
AIF meets the CHCHD4/Mia40-dependent mitochondrial import pathway.
Deiminated proteins and extracellular vesicles as novel biomarkers in pinnipeds: Grey seal (Halichoerus gryptus) and harbour seal (Phoca vitulina).
Analysis of RNA binding properties of human Ku protein reveals its interactions with 7SK snRNA and protein components of 7SK snRNP complex.
Protein-protein interactions involving enzymes of the mammalian methionine and homocysteine metabolism.
Mechanisms of homocysteine-induced damage to the endothelial, medial and adventitial layers of the arterial wall.
Natural antioxidants \ \'   effects on endoplasmic reticulum stress-related diseases.
The ERMES (Endoplasmic Reticulum and Mitochondria Encounter Structures) mediated functions in fungi.
Seed transmission of a distinct soybean yellow mottle mosaic virus strain identified from India in natural and experimental hosts.
Identification and characterization of a novel rhabdovirus infecting peach in China.
Molecular and biological characterization of a novel strain of Alternaria alternata chrysovirus 1 identified from the pathogen Alternaria tenuissim...
Developmental expression of doublesex-related transcripts in the common house spider, Parasteatoda tepidariorum.
Accelerating the development of novel technologies and tools for the subcutaneous delivery of biotherapeutics.
Anti-diabetic potential of plant alkaloids: Revisiting current findings and future perspectives.
Hepatoprotective effect of total flavonoids of Mallotus apelta (Lour.) Muell.Arg. leaf against carbon tetrachloride-induced liver fibrosis in rats ...
Glycyrrhiza glabra (Licorice) root extract attenuates doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity via alleviating oxidative stress and stabilising the cardi...
A NMR-based drug screening strategy for discovering active substances from herbal medicines: Using Radix Polygoni Multiflori as example.
Modulation of NMDA Receptors by G-protein-coupled receptors: Role in Synaptic Transmission, Plasticity and Beyond.
Screening and quantification of TNF-α ligand from Angelicae Pubescentis Radix by biosensor and UPLC-MS/MS.
Flavonoids interference in common protein assays: Effect of position and degree of hydroxyl substitution.
Thermostabilization of Membrane Proteins by Consensus Mutation: A Case Study for a Fungal Δ8-7 Sterol Isomerase.
An Optogenetic Tool for Induced Protein Stabilization Based on the Phaeodactylum tricornutum Aureochrome 1a Light-Oxygen-Voltage Domain.
Distinct Features of Stress Granule Proteins Predict Localization in Membraneless Organelles.
ncEP: A Manually Curated Database for Experimentally Validated ncRNA-encoded Proteins or Peptides.
Pharmacological Tools to Modulate Autophagy in Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Circadian analysis of the mouse retinal pigment epithelium transcriptome.
Solute carrier proteins and c-Myc: a strong connection in cancer progression.
Increased activation ability of monocytes from ALS patients.
Down-regulating NQO1 promotes cellular proliferation in K562 cells via elevating DNA synthesis.
Encapsulation of troglitazone and AVE0991 by gelation microspheres promotes epithelial transformation of adipose-derived stem cells.
H2S-producing enzymes in anoxia-tolerant vertebrates: Effects of cold acclimation, anoxia exposure and reoxygenation on gene and protein expression.
Small ultra-red fluorescent protein nanoparticles as exogenous probes for noninvasive tumor imaging in vivo.
Cobalt-based metal complexes prevent Repeat Tau aggregation and nontoxic to neuronal cells.
Fabrication of pea protein nanoparticles with calcium-induced cross-linking for the stabilization and delivery of antioxidative resveratrol.
Upregulation of heme oxygenase-1 by Brahma-related gene 1 through Nrf2 signaling confers protective effect against high glucose-induced oxidative d...
Hippocampal overexpression of chordin protects against the chronic social defeat stress-induced depressive-like effects in mice.
Laminin 521 enhances self-renewal via STAT3 activation and promotes tumor progression in colorectal cancer.
Retinoids in health and disease: A role for hepatic stellate cells in affecting retinoid levels.
Transgenic Eimeria parasite: A potential control strategy for chicken coccidiosis.
Matrix metalloproteinases regulate ECM accumulation but not larval heart growth in Drosophila melanogaster.
A novel Sprouty4-ERK1/2-Wnt/β-catenin regulatory loop in marrow stromal progenitor cells controls osteogenic and adipogenic differentiation.
The long-term but not short-term use of benzodiazepine impairs motoric function and upregulates amyloid β in part through the suppression of transl...
Correlation Between Oral Health and Systemic Inflammation (COHESION): A Randomized Pilot Follow-Up Trial of a Plaque-Identifying Toothpaste.
Ribosomal heterogeneity - A new inroad for pharmacological innovation.
Interpretation of HDX Data by Maximum-Entropy Reweighting of Simulated Structural Ensembles.
Engineering Cellular Biosensors with Customizable Antiviral Responses Targeting Hepatitis B Virus.
Keeping the Proportions of Protein Complex Components in Check.
Do you think that you eat more than you should? Perception of adolescents from a Brazilian municipality.
Rett Syndrome, a Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Whole-Transcriptome, and Mitochondrial Genome Multiomics Analyses Identify Novel Variations and Disea...
EW-7197, a Transforming Growth Factor-Beta Type I Receptor Kinase Inhibitor, Ameliorates Acquired Lymphedema in a Mouse Tail Model.
Porphyromonas gingivalis Sphingolipid Synthesis Limits the Host Inflammatory Response.
Impact of aerobic exercise, sex, and metabolic syndrome on markers of oxidative stress: results from the Brain in Motion study.
Effects of 7°C environmental temperature acclimation during a 3-week training period.
The Replacement of Fetal Bovine Serum with Bovine Serum Albumin During Oocyte Maturation and Embryo Culture Does Not Improve Blastocyst Quality Aft...
RNA-Dependent Structures of the RNA-Binding Loop in the Flavivirus NS3 Helicase.
Druggability Assessment in TRAPP Using Machine Learning Approaches.
Fingerprinting the Excited-State Dynamics in Methyl Ester and Methyl Ether Anions of Deprotonated para-Coumaric Acid.
Charting Hydrogen Bond Anisotropy.
Structure-Based Stabilization of Non-native Protein-Protein Interactions of Coronavirus Nucleocapsid Proteins in Antiviral Drug Design.
Trehalose-Conjugated, Catechin-Loaded Polylactide Nanoparticles for Improved Neuroprotection against Intracellular Polyglutamine Aggregates.
Discovery of Lysine-Targeted eIF4E Inhibitors through Covalent Docking.
Solid-Phase Synthesis of Megamolecules.
Engineered Living Materials Based on Adhesin-Mediated Trapping of Programmable Cells.
Zwitterion and Oligo(ethylene glycol) Synergy Minimizes Nonspecific Binding of Compact Quantum Dots.
Near-Infrared Light-Powered Janus Nanomotor Significantly Facilitates Inhibition of Amyloid-β Fibrillogenesis.
Constructing Bone-Mimicking High-Performance Structured Poly(lactic acid) by an Elongational Flow Field and Facile Annealing Process.
Off-Loading Mechanism of Products in Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Synthases.
Yeast Tripartite Biosensors Sensitive to Protein Stability and Aggregation Propensity.
Emergence by Design in Self-Assembling Protein Shells.
[Allergy to cow \ \'  s milk protein, or lactose intolerance: a cross-sectional study in university students].
Biallelic loss-of-function variants in RBL2 in siblings with a neurodevelopmental disorder.
Human Adventitial Fibroblast Phenotype Depends on the Progression of Changes in Substrate Stiffness.
Network diffusion modeling predicts neurodegeneration in traumatic brain injury.
SEZ6L2 knockdown impairs tumour growth by promoting caspase-dependent apoptosis in colorectal cancer.
Role of miRNA-542-5p in the tumorigenesis of osteosarcoma.
Shaping Giant Membrane Vesicles in 3D-Printed Protein Hydrogel Cages.
An effector of a necrotrophic fungal pathogen targets the calcium-sensing receptor in chloroplasts to inhibit host resistance.
Metabo- and mechanoreceptor expression in human heart failure: Relationships with the locomotor muscle afferent influence on exercise responses.
Single-particle analysis of urea amidolyase reveals its molecular mechanism.
Analyses of protein cores reveal fundamental differences between solution and crystal structures.
Kinetics of pH-dependent interactions between PD-1 and PD-L1 immune checkpoint proteins from molecular dynamics.
A case of self-improving collodion ichthyosis in Vietnam.
Preeclampsia Among African American Pregnant Women: An Update on Prevalence, Complications, Etiology, and Biomarkers.
Determining the biological mechanisms of action for environmental exposures: Applying CRISPR/Cas9 to toxicological assessments.
ARGONAUTE5 Represses Age-Dependent Induction of Flowering Through Physical and Functional Interaction with miR156 in Arabidopsis.
Microalgal Target of Rapamycin (TOR): A Central Regulatory Hub for Growth, Stress Response and Biomass Production.
Association of Biomarker Cutoffs and Endoscopic Outcomes in Crohn \ \'  s Disease: A Post Hoc Analysis From the CALM Study.
Spatio-temporal formation of biofilms and extracellular matrix analysis in Azospirillum brasilense.
Novel mutation in ENG gene causing Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia in a Peruvian family.
[The effect of Mexidol on cerebral mitochondriogenesis at a young age and during aging].
Hitting two birds with one stone: the potential role of serum hypoxia-inducible factor-1α protein levels in obstructive sleep apnea-related cardiov...
Hitting two birds with one stone: the potential role of serum hypoxia-inducible factor-1α protein levels in obstructive sleep apnea-related cardiov...
Homologue replacement in the import motor of the mitochondrial inner membrane of trypanosomes.
An exploratory study on the simultaneous screening for residues of chloramphenicol, ciprofloxacin and sulphadimidine using recombinant antibodies.
Cordycepin exhibits a suppressive effect on T cells through inhibiting TCR signaling cascade in CFA-induced inflammation mice model.
Role of TET Dioxygenases and DNA Hydroxymethylation in Bisphenols-Stimulated Proliferation of Breast Cancer Cells.
RSV Infection Promotes Necroptosis and HMGB1 Release by Airway Epithelial Cells.
Immune responses in COVID-19 and potential vaccines: Lessons learned from SARS and MERS epidemic.
Global Phosphoproteomic Analysis Reveals Significant Metabolic Reprogramming in the Termination of Liver Regeneration in Mice.
Elevated Atmospheric CO2 Concentration Has Limited Effect on Wheat Grain Quality Regardless of Nitrogen Supply.
Reversible Control of Protein Corona Formation on Gold Nanoparticles Using Host-Guest Interactions.
Comparative Elucidation of Cetuximab Heterogeneity on the Intact Protein Level by Cation Exchange Chromatography and Capillary Electrophoresis Coup...
A targeted salvage therapy with Brentuximab vedotin in heavily treated refractory or relapsed pediatric Hodgkin lymphoma patients before and after ...
Kawasaki disease in Turkish children: a single center experience with emphasis on intravenous immunoglobulin resistance and giant coronary aneurysms.
A Cerberus-Inspired Anti-Infective Multicomponent Gatekeeper Hydrogel against Infections with the Emerging "Superbug" Yeast Candida auris.
All-trans retinoic acid regulates TGF-β1-induced extracellular matrix production via p38, JNK, and NF-κB-signaling pathways in nasal polyp-derived ...
iTRAQ-Based Proteomics Reveals that the Tomato ms1035 Gene Causes Male Sterility through Compromising Fat Acid Metabolism.
Structure-Activity Relationships for the Affinity of Chaotropic Polyoxometalate Anions towards Proteins.
CircPRKCI relieves lipopolysaccharide-induced HK2 cell injury by upregulating the expression of miR-545 target gene ZEB2.
Tetracationic bis-triarylborane 1,3-butadiyne as a combined fluorimetric and Raman probe for simultaneous and selective sensing of various DNA, RNA...
Trends in prevalence of guideline-based use of lipid-lowering therapy in a large health system.
The underlying mechanism of metabolic syndrome on benign prostatic hyperplasia and prostate volume.
Designer genetically-encoded voltage-dependent calcium channel inhibitors inspired by RGK GTPases.
Evolutionary history, potential intermediate animal host, and cross-species analyses of SARS-CoV-2.
Comparison of the protein acetylome of endothelial cells upon shear flow and resveratrol treatment.
Lack of prognostic significance for major adverse cardiac events of soluble suppression of tumorigenicity 2 levels in patients with ST-segment elev...
Usefulness of soluble endothelial protein C receptor combined with left ventricular global longitudinal strain for predicting slow coronary flow: A...
Interleukin-17A induces vascular remodeling of small arteries and blood pressure elevation.
Studying signal compartmentation in adult cardiomyocytes.
The role of membrane-shaping BAR domain proteins in caveolar invagination: from mechanistic insights to pathophysiological consequences.
Increasing complexity in small-angle X-ray and neutron scattering experiments: from biological membrane mimics to live cells.
pH stability and disassembly mechanism of wild-type simian virus 40.
Effect of a protein corona on the fibrinogen induced cellular oxidative stress of gold nanoparticles.
Iron-mediated interaction of alpha synuclein with lipid raft model membranes.
An improved fluorescent protein-based expression reporter system that utilizes bioluminescence resonance energy transfer and peptide-assisted compl...
Conjugating biomaterials with photosensitizers: advances and perspectives for photodynamic antimicrobial chemotherapy.
A novel amphiphilic oligopeptide induced the intrafibrillar mineralisation via interacting with collagen and minerals.
Copper accumulation and the effect of chelation treatment on cerebral amyloid angiopathy compared to parenchymal amyloid plaques.
Use of PCSK9 Inhibitor in a Mexican Boy with Compound Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia: A Case Report.
Angiotensin-(1-7) Participates in Enhanced Skeletal Muscle Insulin Sensitivity After a Bout of Exercise.
Prediction of protein corona on nanomaterials by machine learning using novel descriptors.
The Dynamical Assessment of Inflammatory Biomarkers in Predicting the Outcome of Septic Patients and the Response to Antimicrobial Therapy.
Markers of Hypoxia Correlate with Histologic and Endoscopic Severity of Colitis in Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Chloroquine and Rapamycin Augment Interleukin-37 Expression via the LC3, ERK, and AP-1 Axis in the Presence of Lipopolysaccharides.
Reaction of Lectin-Specific Antibody with Human Tissue: Possible Contributions to Autoimmunity.
The Effect of Diacerein on Type 2 Diabetic Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials with Trial Sequential An...
A Novel Three-miRNA Signature Identified Using Bioinformatics Predicts Survival in Esophageal Carcinoma.
Construction and Comprehensive Analyses of a Competing Endogenous RNA Network in Tumor-Node-Metastasis Stage I Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Is a Target Protein of Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate.
miR-654-5p Targets HAX-1 to Regulate the Malignancy Behaviors of Colorectal Cancer Cells.
A Simple Method for the Design and Development of Flavivirus NS1 Recombinant Proteins Using an In Silico Approach.
Porcupine Inhibitor LGK974 Downregulates the Wnt Signaling Pathway and Inhibits Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Asiatic Acid Interferes with Invasion and Proliferation of Breast Cancer Cells by Inhibiting WAVE3 Activation through PI3K/AKT Signaling Pathway.
Experience with hemoadsorption (CytoSorb®) in the management of septic shock patients.
Cancer Treatment Response to Checkpoint Inhibitors Is Associated with Cytomegalovirus Infection.
Lipemia Interferences in Biochemical Tests, Investigating the Efficacy of Different Removal Methods in comparison with Ultracentrifugation as the G...
The Emerging Role of Rab5 in Membrane Receptor Trafficking and Signaling Pathways.
SPARC Levels Modulate the Capacity of Mitomycin to Inhibit the Proliferation of Human Tenon \ \'  s Capsule Fibroblasts.
Caffeine and its main targets of colorectal cancer.
Biomarkers for detecting colorectal cancer non-invasively: DNA, RNA or proteins?
Metformin Reduces the Senescence of Renal Tubular Epithelial Cells in Diabetic Nephropathy via the MBNL1/miR-130a-3p/STAT3 Pathway.
A Newly Synthesized Rhamnoside Derivative Alleviates Alzheimer \ \'  s Amyloid-β-Induced Oxidative Stress, Mitochondrial Dysfunction, and Cell Senescence...
Hydrogen Gas Attenuates Hypoxic-Ischemic Brain Injury via Regulation of the MAPK/HO-1/PGC-1a Pathway in Neonatal Rats.
Lactobacillus delbrueckii Ameliorates Intestinal Integrity and Antioxidant Ability in Weaned Piglets after a Lipopolysaccharide Challenge.
Antioxidant and Wound Healing Property of Gelsolin in 3T3-L1 Cells.
The Antiaging Activity of Ergothioneine in UVA-Irradiated Human Dermal Fibroblasts via the Inhibition of the AP-1 Pathway and the Activation of Nrf...
Wenxin Keli Regulates Mitochondrial Oxidative Stress and Homeostasis and Improves Atrial Remodeling in Diabetic Rats.
Systematic Administration of B Vitamins Alleviates Diabetic Pain and Inhibits Associated Expression of P2X3 and TRPV1 in Dorsal Root Ganglion Neuro...
MIP-T3 Expression Associated with Defects of Ciliogenesis in Airway of COPD Patients.
IKKε phosphorylates kindlin-2 to induce invadopodia formation and promote colorectal cancer metastasis.
Self-activated in vivo therapeutic cascade of erythrocyte membrane-cloaked iron-mineralized enzymes.
The SIRT2-mediated deacetylation of AKR1C1 is required for suppressing its pro-metastasis function in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Anti-CDCP1 immuno-conjugates for detection and inhibition of ovarian cancer.
Evaluation of the Mrp2-mediated flavonoid-drug interaction potential of quercetin in rats and in vitro models.
Study of penetration mechanism of labrasol on rabbit cornea by Ussing chamber, RT-PCR assay, Western blot and immunohistochemistry.
Cyclodextrin/chitosan nanoparticles for oral ovalbumin delivery: Preparation, characterization and intestinal mucosal immunity in mice.
Development of PLGA micro- and nanorods with high capacity of surface ligand conjugation for enhanced targeted delivery.
Insight into the preformed albumin corona on in vitro and in vivo performances of albumin-selective nanoparticles.
Small GTPases: Structure, biological function and its interaction with nanoparticles.
Therapeutic effect of Resveratrol in the treatment of osteoarthritis via the MALAT1/miR-9/NF-κB signaling pathway.
TRIP6 regulates the proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis of osteosarcoma cells by activating the NF-κB signaling pathway.
Bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells promote healing of rabbit tibial fractures via JAK-STAT signaling pathway.
Plantamajoside represses the growth and metastasis of malignant melanoma.
Cystatin C promotes cognitive dysfunction in rats with cerebral microbleeds by inhibiting the ERK/synapsin Ia/Ib pathway.
Atorvastatin inhibits endoplasmic reticulum stress through AMPK signaling pathway in atherosclerosis in mice.
CTRP3 induces an intermediate switch of CD14++CD16+ monocyte subset with anti-inflammatory phenotype.
FKBP51 induces p53-dependent apoptosis and enhances drug sensitivity of human non-small-cell lung cancer cells.
Induction of autophagy protects human dental pulp cells from lipopolysaccharide-induced pyroptotic cell death.
Raised CD40L expression attenuates drug resistance in Adriamycin-resistant THP-1 cells.
Luteolin induces mitochondrial apoptosis in HT29 cells by inhibiting the Nrf2/ARE signaling pathway.
Artemisia iwayomogi (Dowijigi) inhibits lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammation in RAW264.7 macrophages by suppressing the NF-κB signaling pathway.
Effects of miR-21 on proliferation and apoptosis of WT cells via PTEN/Akt pathway.
Extracellular production of recombinant sus scrofa trefoil factor 3 by Brevibacillus choshinensis.
Atorvastatin promotes AMPK signaling to protect against high fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver in golden hamsters.
miR-130a alleviates neuronal apoptosis and changes in expression of Bcl-2/Bax and caspase-3 in cerebral infarction rats through PTEN/PI3K/Akt signa...
Fluvastatin protects myocardial cells in mice with acute myocardial infarction through inhibiting RhoA/ROCK pathway.
Hyperhomocysteinemia inhibits tibial fracture healing in rats through PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
miR-26b inhibits isoproterenol-induced cardiac fibrosis via the Keap1/Nrf2 signaling pathway.
Effect of AQP4-RNAi in treating traumatic brain edema: Multi-modal MRI and histopathological changes of early stage edema in a rat model.
ERK/MAPK signalling pathway and tumorigenesis.
Dl-3n-butylphthalide improves spatial learning and memory in rats with vascular dementia by reducing autophagy via regulation of the mTOR signaling...
LncRNA LINK-A regulates ROCK1 expression in early-stage pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
MicroRNA-145-5p attenuates high glucose-induced apoptosis by targeting the Notch signaling pathway in podocytes.
Expression of heat shock protein 70 and Annexin A1 in serum of patients with acutely severe traumatic brain injury.
Resveratrol suppresses melanoma growth by promoting autophagy through inhibiting the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway.
Expression of SUMO associated proteins in the mouse endometrium is regulated by ovarian hormones throughout the estrous cycle.
Synthesis of chemical tools to improve water solubility and promote the delivery of salinomycin to cancer cells.
Resveratrol inhibits LPS-induced inflammation through suppressing the signaling cascades of TLR4-NF-κB/MAPKs/IRF3.
Effect of miR-144-5p on the proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis of human umbilical vein endothelial cells by targeting RICTOR and its ...
Suppression of α-methylacyl-coenzyme A racemase by miR200c inhibits prostate adenocarcinoma cell proliferation and migration.
Possible role of EphA4 and VEGFR2 interactions in neural stem and progenitor cell differentiation.
Integrative module analysis of HCC gene expression landscapes.
Insulin-like growth factor-binding proteins play a significant role in the molecular response to imatinib in chronic myeloid leukemia patients.
Systematic prediction of the biological functions of TAS2R10 using positive co-expression analysis.
FGF9 promotes cisplatin resistance in colorectal cancer via regulation of Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway.
Inhibition of Rho-associated protein kinase improves the survival of human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes after dissociation.
Trichostatin A reverses epithelial-mesenchymal transition and attenuates invasion and migration in MCF-7 breast cancer cells.
Aldehyde dehydrogenase 1, a target of miR-222, is expressed at elevated levels in cervical cancer.
Improving Small Intestinal Motility in Experimental Acute Necrotising Pancreatitis by Modulating the CPI-17/MLCP Pathway Using Chaiqin Chengqi Deco...
Network Pharmacology-Based Investigation of the System-Level Molecular Mechanisms of the Hematopoietic Activity of Samul-Tang, a Traditional Korean...
Electroacupuncture Alleviates Pain-Related Emotion by Upregulating the Expression of NPS and Its Receptor NPSR in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex and...
Electroacupuncture Alleviates Experimental Chronic Inflammatory Pain by Inhibiting Calcium Voltage-Gated Channel-Mediated Inflammation.
Physiological Significance of Ion Transporters and Channels in the Stomach and Pathophysiological Relevance in Gastric Cancer.
Identification of a Modified HOXB9 mRNA in Breast Cancer.
Paeonol Attenuates Methotrexate-Induced Cardiac Toxicity in Rats by Inhibiting Oxidative Stress and Suppressing TLR4-Induced NF-κB Inflammatory Pat...
Dietary Supplemental Glutamine Enhances the Percentage of Circulating Endothelial Progenitor Cells in Mice with High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity Subje...
Hepatic Differentiation of Marmoset Embryonic Stem Cells and Functional Characterization of ESC-Derived Hepatocyte-Like Cells.
The lncRNA BCYRN1 Functions as an Oncogene in Human Glioma by Downregulating miR-125a-5p in vitro.
lncRNA ZFAS1 Is Involved in the Proliferation, Invasion and Metastasis of Prostate Cancer Cells Through Competitively Binding to miR-135a-5p.
Usefulness of Inflammation-Based Prognostic Scores for Predicting the Risk of Complications After Radical Resection of Colorectal Carcinoma.
IGFBP-3 Is the Key Target of Sanguinarine in Promoting Apoptosis in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Heat Shock Cognate Protein 70 Enhanced Integrin β1 Mediated Invasion in Cancer Cells.
Circulating Tumor Cells as a Biomarker to Assist Molecular Diagnosis for Early Stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
Neuropathic Pain Causes Memory Deficits and Dendrite Tree Morphology Changes in Mouse Hippocampus.
Integrated Gene Expression Profiling Analysis Reveals Probable Molecular Mechanism and Candidate Biomarker in Anti-TNFα Non-Response IBD Patients.
Resveratrol Upregulates mmu-miR-363-3p via the PI3K-Akt Pathway to Improve Insulin Resistance Induced by a High-Fat Diet in Mice.
A Pilot Study Assessing the Possible Combined Effect of Physical Activity and PNPLA3 rs738409 Polymorphism on the Risk for Non-Alcoholic Fatty Live...
High Rates of Antimicrobial Resistance and Virulence Gene Distribution Among Shigella spp. Isolated from Pediatric Patients in Tehran, Iran.
Dental Pulp Stem Cells: Advances to Applications.
lncRNA MALAT1 modulates oxaliplatin resistance of gastric cancer via sponging miR-22-3p.
DUSP9 Suppresses Proliferation and Migration of Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma via the mTOR Pathway.
KLF16 Affects the MYC Signature and Tumor Growth in Prostate Cancer.
LncRNA TUG1 Regulates Cell Viability and Death by Regulating miR-193a-5p/Rab10 Axis in Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Long Noncoding RNA X-Inactive Specific Transcript Facilitates Cellular Functions in Melanoma via miR-139-5p/ROCK1 Pathway.
γ-Catenin Overexpression in AML Patients May Promote Tumor Cell Survival via Activation of the Wnt/β-Catenin Axis.
Prognostic Values of LDH and CRP in Cervical Cancer.
MicroRNA-1246 Promotes Melanoma Progression Through Targeting FOXA2.
Transcriptomics Analysis of the Tumor-Inhibitory Pathways of 6-Thioguanine in MCF-7 Cells via Silencing DNMT1 Activity.
Knockdown of HMGB1 Suppresses Hypoxia-Induced Mitochondrial Biogenesis in Pancreatic Cancer Cells.
LncRNA PCAT6 Accelerates the Progression and Chemoresistance of Cervical Cancer Through Up-Regulating ZEB1 by Sponging miR-543.
LncRNA DANCR Promotes Sorafenib Resistance via Activation of IL-6/STAT3 Signaling in Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cells.
Long Non-Coding RNA HULC Promotes Cervical Cancer Cell Proliferation, Migration and Invasion via miR-218/TPD52 Axis.
Metabolic Parameters in Patients with Prader-Willi Syndrome and DiGeorge Syndrome with Respect to Psychopathological Manifestation.
Anti-Tumor Efficacy of an Adjuvant Built-In Nanovaccine Based on Ubiquitinated Proteins from Tumor Cells.
A Three-Dimensional Printed Polycaprolactone Scaffold Combined with Co-Axially Electrospun Vancomycin/Ceftazidime/Bone Morphological Protein-2 Shea...
Circulating Biomarkers of Handgrip Strength and Lung Function in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Hydrogen Sulfide Protects Against High Glucose-Induced Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cell Injury Through Activating PI3K/Akt/eNOS Pathway.
Silibinin Augments the Antifibrotic Effect of Valsartan Through Inactivation of TGF-β1 Signaling in Kidney.
Regulations of miR-183-5p and Snail-Mediated Shikonin-Reduced Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition in Cervical Cancer Cells.
Focus on Notoginsenoside R1 in Metabolism and Prevention Against Human Diseases.
Panax Notoginseng Ameliorates Podocyte EMT by Targeting the Wnt/β-Catenin Signaling Pathway in STZ-Induced Diabetic Rats.
Expression of miR-1304 in patients with esophageal carcinoma and risk factors for recurrence.
Histone deacetylase inhibitor pre-treatment enhances the efficacy of DNA-interacting chemotherapeutic drugs in gastric cancer.
Tea polyphenols and their chemopreventive and therapeutic effects on colorectal cancer.
IFNT-independent effects of intrauterine extracellular vesicles (EVs) in cattle.
Inhibitors of apoptosis proteins (IAPs) are associated with T-2 toxin-induced decreased collagen II in mouse chondrocytes in vitro.
Prevalence and molecular characterization of Spirometra erinaceieuropaei spargana in snakes in Hunan Province, China.
Identification and evaluation of UL36 protein from Dermacentor silvarum salivary gland and its interaction with Anaplasma ovis VirB10.
Agrobacterium-mediated transient transformation of sorghum leaves for accelerating functional genomics and genome editing studies.
Naringin provides neuroprotection in CCL2-induced cognition impairment by attenuating neuronal apoptosis in the hippocampus.
Using point-of-care C-reactive protein to guide antibiotic prescribing for lower respiratory tract infections in elderly nursing home residents (UP...
Early reductive stress and late onset overexpression of antioxidant enzymes in experimental myocardial infarction.
Nix-Mediated Mitophagy Modulates Mitochondrial Damage During Intestinal Inflammation.
Chemokines-What Is Their Role in Colorectal Cancer?
Tracking and Analyzing the Brownian Motion of Nano-objects Inside Hollow Core Fibers.
Procyanidin C1 Inhibits Melanoma Cell Growth by Activating 67-kDa Laminin Receptor Signaling.
Interleukin-4 administration improves muscle function, adult myogenesis, and lifespan of colon carcinoma-bearing mice.
Bacillus thuringiensis vegetative insecticidal protein family Vip3A and mode of action against pest Lepidoptera.
Characterization of (Boc-Cys/Sec-NHMe)2 and (Boc-Cys/Sec-OMe)2 : Evidence of local conformational difference between disulfide and diselenide.
Wip1 regulates Smad4 phosphorylation and inhibits TGF-β signaling.
The relation between anti-TGBFR1 immunohistochemical reaction and low Ki67, small tumor size and high estrogen receptor expression in invasive brea...
Satellite cell-specific ablation of Cdon impairs integrin activation, FGF signalling, and muscle regeneration.
Biomolecular Piezoelectric Materials: From Amino Acids to Living Tissues.
Optical development in the zebrafish eye lens.
Substrate-selective protein ectodomain shedding by ADAM17 and iRhom2 depends on their juxtamembrane and transmembrane domains.
SPH3643: A novel cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6 inhibitor with good anticancer efficacy and strong blood-brain barrier permeability.
Protein Phosphorylation Dynamics: Unexplored Because of Current Methodological Limitations: Dynamics of Processive Phosphorylation.
Increased melanomacrophage centres in the liver of reproductively dysfunctional female greater amberjack Seriola dumerili (Risso, 1810).
The patatin-like phospholipase domain containing protein 7 facilitates VLDL secretion by modulating ApoE stability.
Fungal allergen-induced IL-33 secretion involves cholesterol-dependent, VDAC-1-mediated ATP release from the airway epithelium.
Mutation topography and risk stratification for de novo acute myeloid leukaemia with normal cytogenetics and no nucleophosmin 1 (NPM1) mutation or ...
GILZ in sepsis: "Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master".
Genomic evolution of ibrutinib-resistant clones in Waldenström macroglobulinaemia.
Phytochemical Analysis of Paliurus spina-christi Fruit and Its Effects on Oxidative Stress and Antioxidant Enzymes in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabet...
FTY720 Protects Against Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury by Preventing the Redistribution of Tight Junction Proteins and Decreases Inflammation in the S...
Evaluation of the clinical impact of repeat application of hydrogel-forming microneedle array patches.
Streptococcus pneumoniae aminopeptidase N contributes to bacterial virulence and elicits a strong innate immune response through MAPK and PI3K/AKT ...
N-Acetylcysteine Attenuates Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Osteolysis by Restoring Bone Remodeling Balance via Reduction of Reactive Oxygen Species For...
Effect of three Napier grass varieties on phytoextraction of Cd- and Zn-contaminated cultivated soil under mowing and their safe utilization.
Engineering the Translational Machinery for Biotechnology Applications.
Abnormal Galactosylated-Glycans recognized by Bandeiraea Simplicifolia Lectin I in saliva of patients with breast Cancer.
Co-administration of Selenium Nanoparticles and Metformin Abrogate Testicular Oxidative Injury by Suppressing Redox Imbalance, Augmenting Sperm Qua...
Calpain suppresses cell growth and invasion of glioblastoma multiforme by producing the cleavage of filamin A.
rAAV9-Mediated MEK1 Gene Expression Restores Post-conditioning Protection Against Ischemia Injury in Hypertrophic Myocardium.
The clinicopathological significance of the adipophilin and fatty acid synthase expression in salivary duct carcinoma.
Elevated TOP2A and UBE2C expressions correlate with poor prognosis in patients with surgically resected lung adenocarcinoma: a study based on immun...
Paper-based molecularly imprinted-interpenetrating polymer network for on-spot collection and microextraction of dried blood spots for capillary el...
Myeloid-derived suppressor cells impede T cell functionality and promote Th17 differentiation in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Predicted Drosophila Interactome Resource and web tool for functional interpretation of differentially expressed genes.
Mis-expression of a transcriptional repressor candidate provides a molecular mechanism for the suppression of awns by Tipped 1 in wheat.
Effect of dietary supplementation of xylanase in a wheat-based diet containing canola meal on growth performance, nutrient digestibility, organ wei...
Systematic analysis of the human tumor cell binding to human vs. murine E- and P-selectin under static vs. dynamic conditions.
Regulation of human cerebral cortical development by EXOC7 and EXOC8, components of the exocyst complex, and roles in neural progenitor cell prolif...
Neural circuitry linking mating and egg laying in Drosophila females.
Structure and mechanism of the ER-based glucosyltransferase ALG6.
Two conserved epigenetic regulators prevent healthy ageing.
DNA-PKcs has KU-dependent function in rRNA processing and haematopoiesis.
MUC1 oncoprotein mitigates ER stress via CDA-mediated reprogramming of pyrimidine metabolism.
MBW complexes impinge on anthocyanidin reductase gene regulation for proanthocyanidin biosynthesis in persimmon fruit.
Regulation of Proteins in Human Skeletal Muscle: The Role of Transcription.
Novel pathways of HIV latency reactivation revealed by integrated analysis of transcriptome and target profile of bryostatin.
Enhancing performance of berseem clover genotypes with better harvesting management through farmers \ \'   participatory research at smallholder farms in...
High WBP5 expression correlates with elevation of HOX genes levels and is associated with inferior survival in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia.
Streptonigrin at low concentration promotes heterochromatin formation.
Effect of iron and magnesium addition on population dynamics and high value product of microalgae grown in anaerobic liquid digestate.
Taurine Induces an Ordered but Functionally Inactive Conformation in Intrinsically Disordered Casein Proteins.
Improving emulsion stability based on ovalbumin-carboxymethyl cellulose complexes with thermal treatment near ovalbumin isoelectric point.
Bacterial nanocellulose from agro-industrial wastes: low-cost and enhanced production by Komagataeibacter saccharivorans MD1.
Diversity and function of multicopper oxidase genes in the stinkbug Plautia stali.
Cell surface GRP78 promotes stemness in normal and neoplastic cells.
A2B adenosine receptor inhibition by the dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker nifedipine involves colonic fluid secretion.
A Mathematical Model for Vibration Behavior Analysis of DNA and Using a Resonant Frequency of DNA for Genome Engineering.
Structure of the G protein chaperone and guanine nucleotide exchange factor Ric-8A bound to Gαi1.
Active acetylcholine receptors prevent the atrophy of skeletal muscles and favor reinnervation.
c-FLIP is crucial for IL-7/IL-15-dependent NKp46+ ILC development and protection from intestinal inflammation in mice.
B38-CAP is a bacteria-derived ACE2-like enzyme that suppresses hypertension and cardiac dysfunction.
Ultrafast enzymatic digestion of proteins by microdroplet mass spectrometry.
The role of Mediator and Little Elongation Complex in transcription termination.
The anti-viral dynamin family member MxB participates in mitochondrial integrity.
SET7/9 promotes multiple malignant processes in breast cancer development via RUNX2 activation and is negatively regulated by TRIM21.
Correction: Role of integrin-linked kinase in regulating the protein stability of the MUC1-C oncoprotein in pancreatic cancer cells.
Identification of Alzheimer \ \'  s disease-associated rare coding variants in the ECE2 gene.
Antibodies against nodo-paranodal proteins are not present in genetic neuropathies.
Disease modification and biomarker development in Parkinson disease: Revision or reconstruction?
Proteomic analysis of Salmonella-modified membranes reveals adaptations to macrophage hosts.
Chemical Genetics of AGC-kinases Reveals Shared Targets of Ypk1, Protein Kinase A and Sch9.
Large-scale Identification of N-linked Intact Glycopeptides in Human Serum using HILIC Enrichment and Spectral Library Search.
Laboratory Evolution Experiments Help Identify a Predominant Region of Constitutive Stable DNA Replication Initiation.
Trypanosoma brucei RAP1 Has Essential Functional Domains That Are Required for Different Protein Interactions.
Spatio-temporal control of post-Golgi exocytic trafficking in plants.
Liver macrophages inhibit the endogenous antioxidant response in obesity-associated insulin resistance.
Tolerance induction and microglial engraftment after fetal therapy without conditioning in mice with Mucopolysaccharidosis type VII.
Wnt-mediated endothelial transformation into mesenchymal stem cell-like cells induces chemoresistance in glioblastoma.
Blood natural killer cell deficiency reveals an immunotherapy strategy for atopic dermatitis.
Cordycepin inhibits cancer cell proliferation and angiogenesis through a DEK interaction via ERK signaling in cholangiocarcinoma.
Neuronal, stromal, and T-regulatory cell crosstalk in murine skeletal muscle.
Heat Shock Protein 47 Maintains Cancer Cell Growth by Inhibiting the Unfolded Protein Response Transducer IRE1α.
LncRNA NRAV promotes respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) replication by regulating vesicle transportation via targeting miR-509-3p/Rab5c axis.
Establishment of a Reverse Genetics System for Influenza D Virus.
The integrity of the YxxL motif of Ebola virus VP24 is important for the transport of nucleocapsid-like structures and for the regulation of viral ...
Concurrent Control of KSHV Life Cycle through Chromatin Modulation and Host Hedgehog Signaling: A New Prospect to the Therapeutic Potential of Lipo...
The High Content of Fructose in Human Semen Competitively Inhibits Broad and Potent Antivirals that Target High-mannose Glycans.
High-throughput fluorescence-based screen identifies the neuronal microRNA miR-124 as a positive regulator of alphavirus infection.
Route of a multipartite (nano)virus across the body of its aphid vector.
The biofilm adhesion protein Aap from Staphylococcus epidermidis forms zinc-dependent amyloid fibers.
PYHIN1 regulates pro-inflammatory cytokine induction rather than innate immune DNA sensing in airway epithelial cells.
Protein kinase A phosphorylation potentiates cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator gating by relieving autoinhibition on the stimulat...
Duplication of leucyl-tRNA synthetase in an archaeal extremophile may play a role in adaptation to variable environmental conditions.
Non-native proteins inhibit the ER oxidoreductin 1 (Ero1)-protein disulfide isomerase relay when protein folding capacity is exceeded.
The Medicago truncatula DREPP Protein Triggers Microtubule Fragmentation in Membrane Nanodomains during Symbiotic Infections.
Photosynthetic Phosphoribulokinase Structures: Enzymatic Mechanisms and the Redox Regulation of the Calvin-Benson-Bassham Cycle.
Association between C reactive protein and all-cause mortality in the ELSA-Brasil cohort.
LncRNA AK036396 Inhibits Maturation and Accelerates Immunosuppression of Polymorphonuclear Myeloid-Derived Suppressor Cells by Enhancing the Stabil...
Reactive oxygen species or reactive sulfur species: why we should consider the latter.
Genomic Dissection of Anthracnose (Colletotrichum sublineolum) Resistance Response in Sorghum Differential Line SC112-14.
Lithium ion adduction enables UPLC-MS/MS-based analysis of multi-class 3-hydroxyl group-containing keto-steroids.
SSO and other inhibitors of putative fatty acid (FA) transport do not affect FA transport but disrupt FA metabolism.
DnaJ-PKAc fusion induces liver inflammation in a zebrafish model of Fibrolamellar Carcinoma.
Identification and expression analyses of the NAC transcription factor family in Spartina alterniflora.
Identification, recombinant expression and immunological study of Lja-SHP2 in Lampetra japonica.
Bioinformatics analysis of differentially expressed genes on alopecia.
Studies of congenital cataract-related TSR1 mutation and its expression in the lens.
The increase in bone resorption in early-stage type I diabetic mice is induced by RANKL secreted by increased bone marrow adipocytes.
Increased macrophage activation mediated by caspase recruitment domain 6 knockdown through negatively targeting AMPK.
Downregulation of TNFRSF19 and RAB43 by a novel miRNA, miR-HCC3, promotes proliferation and epithelial-mesenchymal transition in hepatocellular car...
Impaired autophagic flux contributes to muscle atrophy in obesity by affecting muscle degradation and regeneration.
Allosteric inhibition of CRISPR-Cas9 by bacteriophage-derived peptides.
A rare codon-based translational program of cell proliferation.
Mapping molecular pathways for embryonic Sertoli cells derivation based on differentiation model of mouse embryonic stem cells.
Natural biased signaling of hydroxycarboxylic acid receptor 3 and G protein-coupled receptor 84.
Computational modeling of the effects of autophagy on amyloid-β peptide levels.
Keap1-targeting microRNA-941 protects endometrial cells from oxygen and glucose deprivation-re-oxygenation via activation of Nrf2 signaling.
The Impact of Professional Sports Activity on GH-IGF-I Axis in Relation to Testosterone Level.
5-HT7 Receptor Inhibition Transiently Improves Respiratory Function Following Daily Acute Intermittent Hypercapnic-Hypoxia in Rats With Chronic Mid...
Role of autophagy in Puromycin Aminonucleoside-induced podocyte apoptosis.
CD30 expression and survival in posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorders.
TGF-β1 increases sialidase 3 expression in human lung epithelial cells by decreasing its degradation and upregulating its translation.
Synthesis of oleanolic acid analogues targeting PDGF receptor inhibitors and their antitumor biological activities.
Tissue Profile of CDK4 and STAT3 as Possible Innovative Therapeutic Targets in Urinary Bladder Cancer.
Inhibitory Effect of Polyclonal Antibodies Against HER3 Extracellular Subdomains on Breast Cancer Cell Lines.
Progesterone Receptor Expression in the Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia and Prostate Cancer Tissues, Relation with Transcription, Growth Factors, Horm...
Expression of E- Cadherin and Levels of Dysplasia in Oral Leukoplakia - A Prospective Cohort Study.
Comparative Evaluation of SMAD-2 Expression in Oral Submucous Fibrosis and Reactive Oral Lesions.
MIR-107, MIR-223-3P and MIR-21-5P Reveals Potential Biomarkers in Penile Cancer.
Cyclin D1 Gene Numerical Imbalances in Laryngeal Squamous Cell Carcinoma: A Tissue Microarray Grid Based Analysis.
Possible Prognostic Potential of RANKL and OPG in Metastatic Breast Cancer Egyptian Females.
p53, Cyclin-D1, β-catenin, APC and c-myc in Tumor Tissue from Colorectal and Gastric Cancer Patients with Suspected Lynch Syndrome by the Bethesda ...
Activation of MAPK and Cyclin D1/CDK4 in Malignant Transformation of Human Embryonic Lung Fibroblasts Induced by Silica and Benzopyrene.
LncRNAs as Potential Therapeutic Targets in Thyroid Cancer.
Detection of MET Alterations Using Cell Free DNA and Circulating Tumor Cells from Cancer Patients.
MYC \ \'  s Fine Line Between B Cell Development and Malignancy.
The Hypoxic Proteome and Metabolome of Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) with and without Phytoglobin Priming.
Phenotypic and Molecular Detection of Biofilm Formation in Staphylococcus aureus Isolated from Different Sources in Algeria.
Intramuscular Immunization with Chemokine-Adjuvanted Inactive Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus Induces Substantial Protection in Pigs.
A Systematic Approach to Bacterial Phylogeny Using Order Level Sampling and Identification of HGT Using Network Science.
Protein Translocation Acquires Substrate Selectivity Through ER Stress-Induced Reassembly of Translocon Auxiliary Components.
Computational Identification and Analysis of Ubiquinone-Binding Proteins.
Nrp1 is Activated by Konjac Ceramide Binding-Induced Structural Rigidification of the a1a2 Domain.
Emerging Roles of Interleukin-33-responsive Kidney Group 2 Innate Lymphoid Cells in Acute Kidney Injury.
N-(2-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-[3-(2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1H- benzimidazol-1-yl)propyl]piperidine-4-Carboxamide (D2AAK4), a Multi-Target Ligand of Aminergic GPCR...
The Role of Secretory Pathways in Candida albicans Pathogenesis.
Non-Phosphorylatable PEA-15 Sensitises SKOV-3 Ovarian Cancer Cells to Cisplatin.
DEAD-box RNA Helicase DDX3: Functional Properties and Development of DDX3 Inhibitors as Antiviral and Anticancer Drugs.
Comprehensive Sequence Analysis of IQD Gene Family and their Expression Profiling in Grapevine (Vitis vinifera).
Effect of Rice Protein Hydrolysates as an Egg Replacement on the Physicochemical Properties of Flaky Egg Rolls.
Characterization of Burn Eschar Pericytes.
Helicobacter Pylori Targets the EPHA2 Receptor Tyrosine Kinase in Gastric Cells Modulating Key Cellular Functions.
Synaptic GluN2A-Containing NMDA Receptors: From Physiology to Pathological Synaptic Plasticity.
The Translocator Protein (TSPO) in Mitochondrial Bioenergetics and Immune Processes.
Downregulation of A20 Expression Increases the Immune Response and Apoptosis and Reduces Virus Production in Cells Infected by the Human Respirator...
In Silico, Ex Vivo and In Vivo Studies of Roflumilast as a Potential Antidiarrheal and Antispasmodic agent: Inhibition of the PDE-4 Enzyme and Volt...
Use of Phycobiliproteins from Atacama Cyanobacteria as Food Colorants in a Dairy Beverage Prototype.
Study on Cecropin B2 Production via Construct Bearing Intein Oligopeptide Cleavage Variants.
Lactate in Sarcoma Microenvironment: Much More than just a Waste Product.
An Engineered Gene Nanovehicle Developed for Smart Gene Therapy to Selectively Inhibit Smooth Muscle Cells: An In Vitro Study.
Endothelial Nitric Oxide Mediates the Anti-Atherosclerotic Action of Torenia concolor Lindley var. Formosama Yamazaki.
Tissue Distribution of the Readthrough Isoform of AQP4 Reveals a Dual Role of AQP4ex Limited to CNS.
Sequencing and Analysis of the Genome of Propionibacterium Freudenreichii T82 Strain: Importance for Industry.
The Role of PGC-1α and Mitochondrial Biogenesis in Kidney Diseases.
Allosteric GABAA Receptor Modulators-A Review on the Most Recent Heterocyclic Chemotypes and Their Synthetic Accessibility.
Bone Morphogenetic Protein 4 Targeting Glioma Stem-Like Cells for Malignant Glioma Treatment: Latest Advances and Implications for Clinical Applica...
The Administration of 4-Hexylresorcinol Accelerates Orthodontic Tooth Movement and Increases the Expression Level of Bone Turnover Markers in Ovari...
Effect of Oxaliplatin-Loaded Poly (d,l-Lactide-co-Glycolic Acid) (PLGA) Nanoparticles Combined with Retinoic Acid and Cholesterol on Apoptosis, Dru...
The Inhibitory Roles of Vitamin K in Progression of Vascular Calcification.
Review of Three-Dimensional Liquid Chromatography Platforms for Bottom-Up Proteomics.
Chicken eEF1α is a Critical Factor for the Polymerase Complex Activity of Very Virulent Infectious Bursal Disease Virus.
The Cajal Body in Plant-Virus Interactions.
Substantial Antigenic Drift in the Hemagglutinin Protein of Swine Influenza A Viruses.
Metabolic Changes in Synaptosomes in an Animal Model of Schizophrenia Revealed by 1H and 1H,13C NMR Spectroscopy.
Use of IHF-QD Microscopic Analysis for the Detection of Food Allergenic Components: Peanuts and Wheat Protein.
Inhibitory Effects of Eriodictyol-7-O-β-d-glucuronide and 5,7-Dihydroxy-4-chromene Isolated from Chrysanthemum zawadskii var. latilobum in FcεRI-Me...
Characterization of a Novel Rice Dynamic Narrow-Rolled Leaf Mutant with Deficiencies in Aromatic Amino Acids.
Augmenting Vacuolar H+-ATPase Function Prevents Cardiomyocytes from Lipid-Overload Induced Dysfunction.
Nutrients, Antinutrients, Phenolic Composition, and Antioxidant Activity of Common Bean Cultivars and their Potential for Food Applications.
Impaired Mitochondrial Function Results from Oxidative Stress in the Full-Term Placenta of Sows with Excessive Back-Fat.
G-Protein-Coupled Receptors in CNS: A Potential Therapeutic Target for Intervention in Neurodegenerative Disorders and Associated Cognitive Deficits.
Vitamin C Enhances the Antibacterial Activity of Honey against Planktonic and Biofilm-Embedded Bacteria.
Rumen-Protected Glucose Stimulates the Insulin-Like Growth Factor System and mTOR/AKT Pathway in the Endometrium of Early Postpartum Dairy Cows.
Characteristics of Renal Cell Carcinoma Harboring TPM3-ALK Fusion.
Biotransformations, Antioxidant System Responses, and Histopathological Indexes in the Liver of Fish Exposed to Cyanobacterial Extract.
Synaptic Dynamics of the Feed-forward Inhibitory Circuitry Gating Mechanical Allodynia in Mice.
Chicken cognin interactome and the memory of filial imprinting.
Tafamidis: A Novel Treatment for Transthyretin Amyloid Cardiomyopathy.
Second revolution in cardiovascular prevention.
Combinatorial roles of mitochondria and cGMP/PKG pathway in the generation of neuronal free Zn2+ under the presence of nitric oxide.
Overlapping Clinical Syndromes in Patients with Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein IgG.
Impact of Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors with or without a Combination of Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors on Organ-Specific Efficacy and Macrovascular Inv...
High-Phosphate Diet Improved the Skeletal Development of Fam20c-Deficient Mice.
The Combined Effect of Polygenic Risk from FTO and ADRB2 Gene Variants, Odds of Obesity, and Post-Hipcref Diet Differences.
The Role of Cariporide in Protecting Saphenous Vein among Different Aldehyde Dehydrogenase Genotypes.
[Case of isolated neurosarcoidosis requiring differentiation from tuberculous meningitis].
Enzymatic Degradation of p-Nitrophenyl Esters, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Cutin, and Suberin by Sub1, a Suberinase Encoded by the Plant Pathogen S...
MiR-140-3p Ameliorates the Progression of Osteoarthritis via Targeting CXCR4.
Biodegradable Extremely-Small-Diameter Vascular Graft Made of Silk Fibroin can be Implanted in Mice.
Canagliflozin Prevents Diabetes-Induced Vascular Dysfunction in ApoE-Deficient Mice.
Palmitic acid activates NLRP3 inflammasome and induces placental inflammation during pregnancy in mice.
Preparing copper catalyst by ultrasound-assisted chemical precipitation method.
Fe(II) catalyzing sodium percarbonate facilitates the dewaterability of waste activated sludge: Performance, mechanism, and implication.
A network pharmacology approach to investigating the mechanism of Tanshinone IIA for the treatment of liver fibrosis.
Discovery and identification of antithrombotic chemical markers in Gardenia Fructus by herbal metabolomics and zebrafish model.
Mechanisms exploration of herbal pair of HuangQi-DanShen on cerebral ischemia based on metabonomics and network pharmacology.
Ailanthone increases oxidative stress in CDDP-resistant ovarian and bladder cancer cells by inhibiting of Nrf2 and YAP expression through a post-tr...
Group II metabotropic glutamate receptor agonist promotes retinal ganglion cell survival by reducing neuronal excitotoxicity in a rat chronic ocula...
The chaperonin TRiC is blocked by native and glycated prion protein.
TiO2 nanoparticles enhance the chemotherapeutic effects of 5-fluorouracil in human AGS gastric cancer cells via autophagy blockade.
Atorvastatin attenuates obese-induced kidney injury and impaired renal organic anion transporter 3 function through inhibition of oxidative stress ...
Entropic Bristles Tune the Seeding Efficiency of Prion-Nucleating Fragments.
Sensing Actin Dynamics through Adherens Junctions.
Auto-ubiquitination of NEDD4-1 Recruits USP13 to Facilitate Autophagy through Deubiquitinating VPS34.
TIFAB Regulates USP15-Mediated p53 Signaling during Stressed and Malignant Hematopoiesis.
Macropinocytosis Renders a Subset of Pancreatic Tumor Cells Resistant to mTOR Inhibition.
Mechanism of Crosstalk between the LSD1 Demethylase and HDAC1 Deacetylase in the CoREST Complex.
Dense Transposon Integration Reveals Essential Cleavage and Polyadenylation Factors Promote Heterochromatin Formation.
The Non-dominant AAA+ Ring in the ClpAP Protease Functions as an Anti-stalling Motor to Accelerate Protein Unfolding and Translocation.
Hedgehog Signaling Modulates Glial Proteostasis and Lifespan.
Redefining Single-Trial Memories in the Honeybee.
Vesicle Clustering in a Living Synapse Depends on a Synapsin Region that Mediates Phase Separation.
Highly Parallel Quantification and Compartment Localization of Transcription Factors and Nuclear Proteins.
Recruitment of Ubiquitin within an E2 Chain Elongation Complex.
Separating Functions of the Phage-Encoded Quorum-Sensing-Activated Antirepressor Qtip.
Atypical Resistance Protein RPW8/HR Triggers Oligomerization of the NLR Immune Receptor RPP7 and Autoimmunity.
Mouse Heterochromatin Adopts Digital Compaction States without Showing Hallmarks of HP1-Driven Liquid-Liquid Phase Separation.
Encorafenib, Binimetinib, and Cetuximab in BRAF V600E-Mutated Colorectal Cancer. Reply.
Encorafenib, Binimetinib, and Cetuximab in BRAF V600E-Mutated Colorectal Cancer.
Encorafenib, Binimetinib, and Cetuximab in BRAF V600E-Mutated Colorectal Cancer.
Encorafenib, Binimetinib, and Cetuximab in BRAF V600E-Mutated Colorectal Cancer.
Nivolumab plus Ipilimumab in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer. Reply.
Nivolumab plus Ipilimumab in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.
Nivolumab plus Ipilimumab in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.
The role of anti-flavivirus humoral immune response in protection and pathogenesis.
Two-step magnetic bead-based (2MBB) techniques for immunocapture of extracellular vesicles and quantification of microRNAs for cardiovascular disea...
Vaccine effectiveness of cell-culture relative to egg-based inactivated influenza vaccine during the 2017-18 influenza season.
miR-101, miR-548b, miR-554, and miR-1202 are reliable prognosis predictors of the miRNAs associated with cancer immunity in primary central nervous...
Herpes simplex virus type 1 inflammasome activation in proinflammatory human macrophages is dependent on NLRP3, ASC, and caspase-1.
Manipulating the type VI secretion system spike to shuttle passenger proteins.
A C-terminal peptide from type I interferon protects the retina in a mouse model of autoimmune uveitis.
Transcriptomic profiling of PBDE-exposed HepaRG cells unveils critical lncRNA- PCG pairs involved in intermediary metabolism.
Myeloid-related protein complex 8/14 increases in hypertensive patients with excessive renal damage\u2029.
Region-specific effects of HIV-1 Tat on intrinsic electrophysiological properties of pyramidal neurons in mouse prefrontal cortex and hippocampus.
DYRK kinase Pom1 drives F-BAR protein Cdc15 from the membrane to promote medial division.
Serine Protease Imbalance in the Small Airways and Development of Centrilobular Emphysema in COPD.
Apixaban Does Not Interfere With Protein S or Activated Protein C Resistance (Factor V Leiden) Testing Using aPTT-Based Methods.
HER2 Dual In Situ Hybridization: Correlations and Cautions.
In Vitro Functional Characterization and in Silico Prediction of Rare Genetic Variation in the Bile Acid and Drug Transporter, Na+-Taurocholate Cot...
Coarse-Grained Molecular Dynamics Simulations for Understanding the Impact of Short-Range Anisotropic Attractions on Structure and Viscosity of Con...
δ-Azaproline and Its Oxidized Variants.
Prebiotic Peptides: Molecular Hubs in the Origin of Life.
Structure of Condensed Phase Peptides: Insights from Vibrational Circular Dichroism and Raman Optical Activity Techniques.
Epitope Molecularly Imprinted Polymer Nanoparticles for Chemo-/Photodynamic Synergistic Cancer Therapy Guided by Targeted Fluorescence Imaging.
Selectively Disrupting m6A-Dependent Protein-RNA Interactions with Fragments.
Structural Analysis of the Effect of a Dual-FLAG Tag on Transthyretin.
Booster, a Red-Shifted Genetically Encoded Förster Resonance Energy Transfer (FRET) Biosensor Compatible with Cyan Fluorescent Protein/Yellow Fluor...
Differential activation of G protein-mediated signaling by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists.
Emerging roles of the αC-β4 loop in protein kinase structure, function, evolution, and disease.
Localization elements and zip codes in the intracellular transport and localization of messenger RNAs in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The polarity and properties of radial glia-like neural stem cells are altered by seizures with status epilepticus: Study using an improved mouse pi...
Alteration of calcium signalling in cardiomyocyte induced by simulated microgravity and hypergravity.
Associations of Widowhood and β-Amyloid With Cognitive Decline in Cognitively Unimpaired Older Adults.
Association of Serum Folate Levels With Cardiovascular Mortality Among Adults With Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Quantitative imaging reveals distinct contributions of SnRK2 and ABI3 in plasmodesmatal permeability in Physcomitrella patens.
Chromosomal-level assembly of Juglans sigillata genome using Nanopore, BioNano, and Hi-C analysis.
Readthrough errors purge deleterious cryptic sequences, facilitating the birth of coding sequences.
Knockout of mouse receptor accessory protein 6 (REEP6) leads to sperm function and morphology defects.
Rhapsody: Predicting the pathogenicity of human missense variants.
Proof of concept for poor inhibitor binding and efficient formation of covalent adducts of KRASG12C and ARS compounds.
Macrocyclization via C-H functionalization: a new paradigm in macrocycle synthesis.
Binding affinity and dissociation pathway predictions for a series of USP7 inhibitors with pyrimidinone scaffold by multiple computational methods.
Buffering capacity of commercially available foods is influenced by composition and initial properties in the context of gastric digestion.
Influence of sodium pyrophosphate on the physicochemical and gelling properties of myofibrillar proteins under hydroxyl radical-induced oxidative s...
Drug-Induced Enterocolitis Syndrome due to Amoxicillin-Clavulanic Acid with good tolerance to Penicillin.
Human RPA activates BLM \ \'  s bidirectional DNA unwinding from a nick.
Ordered patterning of the sensory system is susceptible to stochastic features of gene expression.
Highly-regulated, diversifying NTP-based biological conflict systems with implications for emergence of multicellularity.
Ciliary Rab28 and the BBSome negatively regulate extracellular vesicle shedding.
Biallelic TANGO1 mutations cause a novel syndromal disease due to hampered cellular collagen secretion.
The pro-inflammatory marker soluble suppression of tumorigenicity-2 (ST2) is reduced especially in diabetic morbidly obese patients undergoing bari...
FMRpolyG accumulates in FMR1 premutation granulosa cells.
Muscle building supplement use in Australian adolescent boys: relationships with body image, weight lifting, and sports engagement.
Ca2+ mobilization-dependent reduction of the endoplasmic reticulum lumen is due to influx of cytosolic glutathione.
Elevated circulating metalloproteinase 7 predicts recurrent cardiovascular events in patients with carotid stenosis: a prospective cohort study.
The Molecular Docking of Flavonoids Isolated from Daucus carota as a Dual Inhibitor of MDM2 and MDMX.
Towards a Better Understanding of Computational Models for Predicting DNA Methylation Effects at the Molecular Level.
Decoding Protein-protein Interactions: An Overview.
Evaluating hemolytic and photo hemolytic potential of organophosphorus by in vitro method as an alternative tool using Human erythrocytes.
Updated review and perspective on 20S proteasome inhibitors in the treatment of Lung Cancer.
Anti-amyloid aggregating gold nanoparticles: Can they really be translated from bench to bedside for Alzheimer \ \'  s disease treatment?
Expression of Escherichia coli heat-labile enterotoxin B subunit in centella (Centella asiatica (L.) Urban) via biolistic transformation.
Tubulin Proteins in Cancer Resistance: A review.
IPA-1 a putative chromatin remodeler/helicase-related protein of Trichoderma virens plays important roles in antibiosis against Rhizoctonia solani ...
Quinoline yellow (food additive) induced conformational changes in lysozyme: a spectroscopic, docking and simulation studies of dye-protein interac...
Identification of NOVA family proteins as novel β-catenin RNA-binding proteins that promote epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Regulation of the cold-sensing TRPM8 channels by phosphoinositides and Gq-coupled receptors.
Comparison of serum fructosamine and glycated hemoglobin values for assessment of glycemic control in dogs with diabetes mellitus.
Identification of Core Genes and Potential Drugs for Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer Based on Bioinformatics Analysis.
Postbiotics for NOD2 require nonhematopoietic RIPK2 to improve blood glucose and metabolic inflammation in mice.
Inhibition of the ox-LDL-Induced Pyroptosis by FGF21 of Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cells Through the TET2-UQCRC1-ROS Pathway.
MiR-214 Mediates Cell Proliferation and Apoptosis of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Through Targeting Both WWOX and PTEN.
Targeted Mass Spectrometry Suggests Beta-Synuclein as Synaptic Blood Marker in Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease.
Valet Parking for Protein Ion Charge State Concentration: Ion/Molecule Reactions in Linear Ion Traps.
Covalent Immune Recruiters: Tools to Gain Chemical Control Over Immune Recognition.
ATP Synthase Subunit a Supports Permeability Transition in Yeast Lacking Dimerization Subunits and Modulates yPTP Conductance.
Expanding the spectrum of SMAD3-related phenotypes to agnathia-otocephaly.
Exposure-Response Relationship of Certolizumab Pegol and Achievement of Low Disease Activity and Remission in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis.
MiRNA-96-5p impacts the progression of breast cancer through targeting FOXO3.
cPLA2α reversibly regulates different subsets of cancer stem cells transformation in cervical cancer.
Interaction between miRNAs and signaling cascades of Wnt pathway in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Non-coenzyme role of vitamin B1 in RANKL-induced osteoclastogenesis and ovariectomy induced osteoporosis.
Oleanolic acid alleviates oxidative stress in Alzheimer \ \'  s disease by regulating stanniocalcin-1 and uncoupling protein-2 signalling.
ABIN-1 protects chondrocytes from lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammatory injury through the inactivation of NF-κB signalling.
Loss of p62 impairs bone turnover and inhibits PTH-induced osteogenesis.
Composition and divergence of coronavirus spike proteins and host ACE2 receptors predict potential intermediate hosts of SARS-CoV-2.
Purifying stem cell-derived red blood cells: a high-throughput label-free downstream processing strategy based on microfluidic spiral inertial sepa...
Multiomics characterization of mesenchymal stromal cells cultured in monolayer and as aggregates.
Chronic hepatitis C virus infection impairs insulin secretion by regulation of p38δ MAPK-dependent exocytosis in pancreatic β-cells.
Long non-coding RNA RP11-284P20.2 promotes cell proliferation and invasion in hepatocellular carcinoma by recruiting EIF3b to induce c-met protein ...
Osteogenic differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells by silica/calcium micro-galvanic effects on the titanium surface.
Secondary modification of oxidatively-modified proline N-termini for the construction of complex bioconjugates.
Bioinspired pyrimidine-containing cationic polymers as effective nanocarriers for DNA and protein delivery.
Dual-targeting and excretable ultrasmall SPIONs for T1-weighted positive MR imaging of intracranial glioblastoma cells by targeting the lipoprotein...
Conjugation of RTHLVFFARK to human lysozyme creates a potent multifunctional modulator for Cu2+-mediated amyloid β-protein aggregation and cytotoxi...
Successful aging: insights from proteome analyses of healthy centenarians.
A genuine mycobacterial thermophile: Mycobacterium hassiacum growth, survival and GpgS stability at near-pasteurization temperatures.
Evaluation of protective immunity responses against pneumococcal PhtD and its C-terminal in combination with outer-membrane vesicles as adjuvants.
Leaky scanning translation generates a second A49 protein that contributes to vaccinia virus virulence.
Parainfluenza virus 5 fusion protein maintains pre-fusion stability but not fusogenic activity following mutation of a transmembrane leucine/isoleu...
Pectobacterium parvum sp. nov., having a Salmonella SPI-1-like Type III secretion system and low virulence.
Teredinibacter waterburyi sp. nov., a marine, cellulolytic endosymbiotic bacterium isolated from the gills of the wood-boring mollusc Bankia setace...
Filimonas effusa sp. nov., isolated from a freshwater river.
C-reactive protein and albumin kinetics before community-acquired bloodstream infections - a Danish population-based cohort study.
Natural variants of α-gliadin peptides within wheat proteins with reduced toxicity in coeliac disease.
Effects of mycoprotein on glycaemic control and energy intake in humans: a systematic review.
Protective effect of tanshinone IIA on H2O2-induced oxidative stress injury in rat cardiomyocytes by activating Nrf2 pathway.
In vivo tissue engineering of a trilayered leaflet-shaped tissue construct.
Alanine scanning combined with interaction entropy studying the differences of binding mechanism on HIV-1 and HIV-2 proteases with inhibitor.
LncRNA PEAMIR inhibits apoptosis and inflammatory response in PM2.5 exposure aggravated myocardial ischemia/reperfusion injury as a competing endog...
Discovery of drugs that directly target the intrinsically disordered region of the androgen receptor.
Secretome Analysis of Cardiomyocytes Identifies PCSK6 as a Novel Player in Cardiac Remodeling After Myocardial Infarction.
Epigallocatechin-3-gallate Inhibits Cu(II)-Induced β-2-Microglobulin Amyloid Formation by Binding to the Edge of Its β-Sheets.
[Effect of electroacupuncture on SIRT1/NF-κB signaling pathway in adipose tissue of obese rats].
[Effects of fast-twisting long-retaining acupuncture therapy on apoptosis and expression of related proteins in vestibular nucleus in rats with ver...
Down-regulation of anti-inflammatory TIPE2 may aggravate adenoidal hypertrophy in children.
Visible Light-Responsive Dynamic Biomaterials: Going Deeper and Triggering More.
Learning Pathway Dynamics from Single-Cell Proteomic Data: A Comparative Study.
C9orf72 associates with inactive Rag GTPases and regulates mTORC1-mediated autophagosomal and lysosomal biogenesis.
Risk factors of parenteral nutrition-associated cholestasis in very-low-birthweight infants.
Targeting STAT3 enhances NDV-induced immunogenic cell death in prostate cancer cells.
Loss of CD36 impairs hepatic insulin signaling by enhancing the interaction of PTP1B with IR.
Accuracy of Biomarkers for the Diagnosis of Adult Community-acquired Pneumonia: A Meta-analysis.
Photoperiodic effect on the testicular transcriptome in broiler roosters.
Doxorubicin-induced normal breast epithelial cellular aging and its related breast cancer growth through mitochondrial autophagy and oxidative stre...
Strategies for fighting mitochondrial diseases.
Cafeteria-style feeding trials provide new insights into the diet and nutritional strategies of the black snub-nosed monkey (Rhinopithecus strykeri...
Effects of Fusarium graminearum and Fusarium poae on disease parameters, grain quality and mycotoxin contamination in barley (part II).
Salivary biomarkers in the context of gingival inflammation in children with cystic fibrosis.
Long non-coding RNAs in development and disease: Conservation to mechanisms.
Noninvasive chimeric DNA profiling identifies tumor-originated HBV integrants contributing to viral antigen expression in liver cancer.
Aloin Protects Against Blood-Brain Barrier Damage After Traumatic Brain Injury in Mice.
miR-485-5p/HSP90 axis blocks Akt1 phosphorylation to suppress osteosarcoma cell proliferation and migration via PI3K/AKT pathway.
Integrin ανβ6 Protein Expression and Prognosis in Solid Tumors: A Meta-Analysis.
MIP-Based Impedimetric Sensor for Detecting Dengue Fever Biomarker.
Nanofibrillated Cellulose-Enzyme Assemblies for Enhanced Biotransformations with In Situ Cofactor Regeneration.
Abdominal paracentesis drainage attenuates severe acute pancreatitis by enhancing cell apoptosis via PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
Endogenous estradiol and inflammation biomarkers: potential interacting mechanisms of obesity-related disease.
MEDEA-interacting protein LONG-CHAIN BASE KINASE 1 promotes pattern-triggered immunity in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Whole-genome sequence analysis of paris virus 1: a novel member of the genus Potyvirus infecting Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis.
Common and unique mechanisms of filamentous actin formation by viruses of the genus Orthorubulavirus.
Decreased expression of LRA4, a key gene involved in rhamnose metabolism, caused up-regulated expression of the genes in this pathway and autophagy...
Diagnostic-prognostic value and electrophysiological correlates of CSF biomarkers of neurodegeneration and neuroinflammation in amyotrophic lateral...
Orthologous promoters from related methylotrophic yeasts surpass expression of endogenous promoters of Pichia pastoris.
Beef extract supplementation promotes myoblast proliferation and myotube growth in C2C12 cells.
Clinical relevance of the comparative expression of immune checkpoint markers with the clinicopathological findings in patients with primary and ch...
Prostaglandin E2 in a TLR3- and 7/8-agonist-based DC maturation cocktail generates mature, cytokine-producing, migratory DCs but impairs antigen cr...
Mechanism of activation of plant monogalactosyldiacylglycerol synthase 1 (MGD1) by phosphatidylglycerol.
Functional analysis of chimeric TrCel6A enzymes with different carbohydrate binding modules.
New opportunities and insights into Papaver self-incompatibility by imaging engineered Arabidopsis pollen.
[Regulatory mechanism of embryo implantation].
[Advances in proteomic studies of post-translational modifications during spermatogenesis].
[Function and molecular mechanism of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) in regulating oocyte meiotic maturation and ovulation].
[Methods used for gene manipulation in mammal female germ cells and early embryos].
Dynamics of repeat-associated plasticity in the aaap gene family in Anaplasma marginale.
Development and Validation of an Objective, Passive Dietary Assessment Method for Estimating Food and Nutrient Intake in Households in Low- and Mid...
Intestinal Barrier Dysfunction, LPS Translocation, and Disease Development.
Amhr2-Cre-Mediated Global Tspo Knockout.
Identification of chronic brain protein changes and protein targets of serum auto-antibodies after blast-mediated traumatic brain injury.
Gene Silencing of Transferrin-1 Receptor as a Potential Therapeutic Target for Human Follicular and Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer.
Identification of neurospheres generated from human dental pulp stem cells in xeno-/serum-free conditions.
Relationship between Vitamin D levels and pain and disease activity in patients with newly diagnosed axial spondyloarthritis.
Precision health: A nursing perspective.
Association between fruit and vegetable allergies and pollen-food allergy syndrome in Japanese children: a multicenter cross-sectional case series.
Sustaining benefits of nutritional therapy in young adults with phenylketonuria - A 2\u202fyear prospective study.
Routing Nanomolar Protein Cargoes to Lipid Raft-Mediated/Caveolar Endocytosis through a Ganglioside GM1-Specific Recognition Tag.
Circ-MALAT1 Functions as Both an mRNA Translation Brake and a microRNA Sponge to Promote Self-Renewal of Hepatocellular Cancer Stem Cells.
Study of subcellular localization of Glycine max γ-tocopherol methyl transferase isoforms in N. benthamiana.
Draft genome sequence of Actinocorallia populi A251T, an actinomycetes producing polyketides and nonribosomal polypeptides.
Impact of age on host responses to diet-induced obesity: Development of joint damage and metabolic set points.
Lipoprotein(a) the Insurgent: A New Insight into the Structure, Function, Metabolism, Pathogenicity, and Medications Affecting Lipoprotein(a) Molec...
Whole genome sequencing of Herpes Simplex Virus 1 directly from human cerebrospinal fluid reveals selective constraints in neurotropic viruses.
Effects of dietary valine supplementation during late gestation on the reproductive performance and mammary gland development of gilts.
Epiglottic granular cell tumour: a case report and literature review.
Ectopic expression of the sesame MYB transcription factor SiMYB305 promotes root growth and modulates ABA-mediated tolerance to drought and salt st...
Low-Level Laser Effect on Peripheral Sciatic Regeneration Under the Systemic Inflammatory Condition of Periodontal Disease.
Association of IL28B (IFNL3) rs12979860 mRNA levels, viral load, and liver function among HCV genotype 1a patients.
Effects of high fat medium conditions on cellular gene expression profile: a network analysis approach.
Gallbladder cancer integrated bioinformatics analysis of protein profile data.
High expression of Snail1 is associated with EMAST and poor prognosis in CRC patients.
Impact of proteomics investigations on gastric cancer treatment and diagnosis.
Technological advances and computational approaches for alternative splicing analysis in single cells.
Novel salivary gland allergens from tropical mosquito species and IgE reactivity in allergic patients.
A Novel Strategy for Enhance Potentiation of Meglumine antimoniate against Leishmania major In Vitro.
Circular RNA-CDR1as acts as the sponge of microRNA-641 to promote osteoarthritis progression.
Allergic reactions to genus Morus plants: a review.
Identification of molecular markers associated with the progression and prognosis of endometrial cancer: a bioinformatic study.
Caveolin-2 is regulated by BRD4 and contributes to cell growth in pancreatic cancer.
Long noncoding RNA RHPN1-AS1 promotes colorectal cancer progression via targeting miR-7-5p/OGT axis.
Long noncoding RNA DANCR knockdown inhibits proliferation, migration and invasion of glioma by regulating miR-135a-5p/BMI1.
Physical Activity and Thrombophilic Risk in a Short Series.
Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors for the Treatment of Unresectable Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Emerging Mechanisms and Perspectives.
Effects of Labor Epidural Analgesia on Short Term Neonatal Morbidity.
Oncogenic Roles Of A Histone Methyltransferase SETDB2 In AML1-ETO Positive AML.
The Anti-Cancer Mechanisms of Berberine: A Review.
Paeonol Inhibits Pancreatic Cancer Cell Migration and Invasion Through the Inhibition of TGF-β1/Smad Signaling and Epithelial-Mesenchymal-Transition.
Electroacupuncture Treatment Attenuates Paclitaxel-Induced Neuropathic Pain in Rats via Inhibiting Spinal Glia and the TLR4/NF-κB Pathway.
Platelet-Derived Microparticles are an Important Biomarker in Patients with Cancer-Associated Thrombosis.
Identification of Candidate Genes and Therapeutic Agents for Light Chain Amyloidosis Based on Bioinformatics Approach.
Visceral Adiposity Index and Chronic Kidney Disease in a Non-Diabetic Population: A Cross-Sectional Study.
The Efficacy and Safety of Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter-2 Inhibitors in Patients with Advanced-Stage Diabetic Kidney Disease Taking Renin-Angiotens...
Prevalence and Some Possible Mechanisms of Colistin Resistance Among Multidrug-Resistant and Extensively Drug-Resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Sputum IL-26 Is Overexpressed in Severe Asthma and Induces Proinflammatory Cytokine Production and Th17 Cell Generation: A Case-Control Study of Wo...
Bioinformatics Analysis and RNA-Sequencing of SCAMP3 Expression and Correlated Gene Regulation in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
miR-873-5p Inhibits Cell Migration and Invasion of Papillary Thyroid Cancer via Regulation of CXCL16.
Foretinib Inhibits Cancer Stemness and Gastric Cancer Cell Proliferation by Decreasing CD44 and c-MET Signaling.
Meg3 Induces EMT and Invasion of Glioma Cells via Autophagy.
Bioactive Compounds from Abelmoschus manihot L. Alleviate the Progression of Multiple Myeloma in Mouse Model and Improve Bone Marrow Microenvironment.
Biological and Clinical Significance of GATA3 Detected from TCGA Database and FFPE Sample in Bladder Cancer Patients.
MiR-195-5p Inhibits Malignant Progression of Cervical Cancer by Targeting YAP1.
miR-31 Modulates Liver Cancer HepG2 Cell Apoptosis and Invasion via ROCK1/F-Actin Pathways.
Nucleolar and Spindle Associated Protein 1 (NUSAP1) Promotes Bladder Cancer Progression Through the TGF-β Signaling Pathway.
Epstein-Barr Virus-Encoded Products Promote Circulating Tumor Cell Generation: A Novel Mechanism of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Metastasis.
Effects of Vitamin K3 Combined with UVB on the Proliferation and Apoptosis of Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma A431 Cells.
The Role of Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor in HIV-Associated Neurocognitive Disorder: From the Bench-Top to the Bedside.
CXCL13 Is a Biomarker of Anti-Leucine-Rich Glioma-Inactivated Protein 1 Encephalitis Patients [Response to Letter].
microRNA-182 Negatively Influences the Neuroprotective Effect of Apelin Against Neuronal Injury in Epilepsy.
Pulmonary-Affinity Paclitaxel Polymer Micelles in Response to Biological Functions of Ambroxol Enhance Therapeutic Effect on Lung Cancer.
Oral Deliverable Mucoadhesive Chitosan-Salmonella Subunit Nanovaccine for Layer Chickens.
Silver Nanoparticle Exposure Causes Pulmonary Structural Damage and Mitochondrial Dynamic Imbalance in the Rat: Protective Effects of Sodium Selenite.
Serum Levels of Autoantibodies Against Extracellular Antigens and Neutrophil Granule Proteins Increase in Patients with COPD Compared to Non-COPD S...
New Isatin-Indole Conjugates: Synthesis, Characterization, and a Plausible Mechanism of Their in vitro Antiproliferative Activity.
Genipin Induces Autophagy and Suppresses Cell Growth of Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma via PI3K/AKT/MTOR Pathway.
Ingestion of gastrolith mineralized matrix increases bone volume and tissue volume in mouse long bone fracture model.
Inflammatory Markers and Incidence of other Autoimmune Diseases in Patients with Oral Lichen Planus.
Loss of TNR causes a nonprogressive neurodevelopmental disorder with spasticity and transient opisthotonus.
Combination of chemotherapy and PD-1 blockade induces T cell responses to tumor non-mutated neoantigens.
Rational Design of Photo-Electrochemical Hybrid Devices Based on Graphene and Chlamydomonas reinhardtii Light-Harvesting Proteins.
Clinical significance of circulating soluble immune checkpoint proteins in sorafenib-treated patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.
Natural selection supports escape from concerted evolution of a recently duplicated CEACAM1 paralog in the ruminant CEA gene family.
Translational Inhibition of α-Neurexin 2.
Identification of a novel trigger complex that facilitates ribosome-associated quality control in mammalian cells.
Cold atmospheric plasma generated reactive species aided inhibitory effects on human melanoma cells: an in vitro and in silico study.
Gender-specific changes in energy metabolism and protein degradation as major pathways affected in livers of mice treated with ibuprofen.
FKBP5-associated miRNA signature as a putative biomarker for PTSD in recently traumatized individuals.
A predominant involvement of the triple seropositive patients and others with rheumatoid factor in the association of smoking with rheumatoid arthr...
Holothurians have a reduced GPCR and odorant receptor-like repertoire compared to other echinoderms.
Plasmonic Manipulation of DNA using a Combination of Optical and Thermophoretic Forces: Separation of Different-Sized DNA from Mixture Solution.
Publisher Correction: High resolution structural and functional analysis of a hemopexin motif protein from Dolichos.
Live Neuron High-Content Screening Reveals Synaptotoxic Activity in Alzheimer Mouse Model Homogenates.
Human FCHO1 deficiency reveals role for clathrin-mediated endocytosis in development and function of T cells.
Optogenetic engineering to probe the molecular choreography of STIM1-mediated cell signaling.
Author Correction: Mechanisms governing the pioneering and redistribution capabilities of the non-classical pioneer PU.1.
AMPK-dependent activation of the Cyclin Y/CDK16 complex controls autophagy.
Author Correction: De novo identification of essential protein domains from CRISPR-Cas9 tiling-sgRNA knockout screens.
Stress, inflammation and hippocampal subfields in depression: A 7 Tesla MRI Study.
Resveratrol protects H9c2 cells against hypoxia-induced apoptosis through miR-30d-5p/SIRT1/NF-κB axis.
Transcriptome-wide identification and profiling of miRNAs in a stress-tolerant conifer Sabina chinensis.
Silencing of HOXB9 suppresses cellular proliferation, angiogenesis, migration and invasion of prostate cancer cells.
Yeast glutaredoxin, GRX4, functions as a glutathione S-transferase required for red ade pigment formation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Interactome of vertebrate GAF/ThPOK reveals its diverse functions in gene regulation and DNA repair.
MicroRNA-143-5p modulates pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells functions in hypoxic pulmonary hypertension through targeting HIF-1α.
β-Actin facilitates etoposide-induced p53 nuclear import.
Glyoxal modification mediates conformational alterations in silk fibroin: Induction of fibrillation with amyloidal features.
ROCK/PKA Inhibition Rescues Hippocampal Hyperexcitability and GABAergic Neuron Alterations in a Oligophrenin-1 Knock-Out Mouse Model of X-Linked In...
Doc2 Proteins Are Not Required for the Increased Spontaneous Release Rate in Synaptotagmin-1-Deficient Neurons.
Rituximab in AChR subtype of myasthenia gravis: systematic review.
Site-specific 5-hydroxy-tryptophan incorporation into apolipoprotein A-I impairs cholesterol efflux activity and high density lipoprotein biogenesis.
Structural insights into TAZ2 domain-mediated CBP/p300 recruitment by transactivation domain 1 of the lymphopoietic transcription factor E2A.
Wilms tumor 1 regulates lipid accumulation in human endometrial stromal cells during decidualization.
Autoantibodies against the prion protein in individuals with PRNP mutations.
Footprints of natural selection at the mannose-6-phosphate isomerase locus in barnacles.
Designing heterotropically activated allosteric conformational switches using supercharging.
The habenular G-protein-coupled receptor 151 regulates synaptic plasticity and nicotine intake.
Actin Is Required for Cellular Development and Virulence of Botrytis cinerea via the Mediation of Secretory Proteins.
SPD_1495 Contributes to Capsular Polysaccharide Synthesis and Virulence in Streptococcus pneumoniae.
CCL5-armed oncolytic virus augments CCR5-engineered NK cell infiltration and antitumor efficiency.
Inactivation of NF1 Promotes Resistance to EGFR Inhibition in KRAS/NRAS/BRAFV600-Wild-Type Colorectal Cancer.
SpoT Induces Intracellular Salmonella Virulence Programs in the Phagosome.
HIV Drugs Inhibit Transfer of Plasmids Carrying Extended-Spectrum β-Lactamase and Carbapenemase Genes.
An Endoplasmic Reticulum CREC Family Protein Regulates the Egress Proteolytic Cascade in Malaria Parasites.
The Plasmodium falciparum Artemisinin Susceptibility-Associated AP-2 Adaptin μ Subunit is Clathrin Independent and Essential for Schizont Maturation.
Serine-Arginine Protein Kinase 1 Regulates Ebola Virus Transcription.
Role of Plasmodium falciparum Kelch 13 Protein Mutations in P. falciparum Populations from Northeastern Myanmar in Mediating Artemisinin Resistance.
Draft Genome Assembly of Floccularia luteovirens, an Edible and Symbiotic Mushroom on Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Structures of SALSA/DMBT1 SRCR domains reveal the conserved ligand-binding mechanism of the ancient SRCR fold.
Schistosoma mansoni glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase enhances formation of the blood-clot lysis protein plasmin.
Long noncoding RNA MRPL23-AS1 Promotes Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma Lung Metastasis.
Promoting appropriate utilisation of laboratory tests for inflammation at an academic medical centre.
Discovery of berberine that targetedly induce autophagic degradation of both BCR-ABL and BCR-ABL T315I through recruiting LRSAM1 for overcoming ima...
Establishment of chromatin accessibility by the conserved transcription factor Grainy head is developmentally regulated.
Human antigen R-regulated mRNA metabolism promotes the cell motility of migrating mouse neurons.
Genetically Engineering the Nervous System with CRISPR-Cas.
Dissecting Fertility Functions of Drosophila Y Chromosome Genes with CRISPR.
Exogenous hydrogen sulfide inhibits human melanoma cell development via suppression of the PI3K/AKT/ mTOR pathway.
Propofol upregulates miR-320a and reduces HMGB1 by downregulating ANRIL to inhibit PTC cell malignant behaviors.
The host response to bacterial bone infection involves a local upregulation of several acute phase proteins.
Treatment of Yersinia similis with the cationic lipid DOTAP enhances adhesion to and invasion into intestinal epithelial cells - A proof-of-princip...
Lamellarin alkaloids: Isolation, synthesis, and biological activity.
Systemic exosomal miR-193b-3p delivery attenuates neuroinflammation in early brain injury after subarachnoid hemorrhage in mice.
Design and production of new chimeric reteplase with enhanced fibrin affinity: a theoretical and experimental study.
Regulators of an ancient polyphenism evolved through episodic protein divergence and parallel gene radiations.
Osteogenic Differentiation of Adipose-Derived Stromal Cells: From Bench to Clinics.
miR-384-5p ameliorates neuropathic pain by targeting SCN3A in a rat model of chronic constriction injury.
Fibroblast growth factor receptor-like-1: a new therapeutic target and unfavorable prognostic indicator for rectal adenocarcinoma.
Clinical relevance of understanding mitogen-activated protein kinases involved in asthma.
MFG-E8 alleviates oxygen-glucose deprivation-induced neuronal cell apoptosis by STAT3 regulating the selective polarization of microglia.
Risk Factors for Pharyngocutaneous Fistula After Total Pharyngolaryngectomy.
N-acetylcysteine decreases airway inflammation and responsiveness in asthma by modulating claudin 18 expression.
Olaparib Combined with an ATR or Chk1 Inhibitor as a Treatment Strategy for Acquired Olaparib-Resistant BRCA1 Mutant Ovarian Cells.
Understanding Mechanisms of Salinity Tolerance in Barley by Proteomic and Biochemical Analysis of Near-Isogenic Lines.
Therapeutic Effects of Cold-Pressed Perilla Oil Mainly Consisting of Linolenic acid, Oleic Acid and Linoleic Acid on UV-Induced Photoaging in NHDF ...
Interactions of Destruxin A with Silkworms \ \'   Arginine tRNA Synthetase and Lamin-C Proteins.
Dynamics of the Transcriptome Response to Heat in the Moss, Physcomitrella patens.
The Heat Shock Response in the Western Honey Bee (Apis mellifera) is Antiviral.
The Central Role of Non-Structural Protein 1 (NS1) in Influenza Biology and Infection.
The Role of Blood Biomarkers for Magnetic Resonance Imaging Diagnosis of Traumatic Brain Injury.
Kinome Profiling to Predict Sensitivity to MAPK Inhibition in Melanoma and to Provide New Insights into Intrinsic and Acquired Mechanism of Resista...
Influenza Hemagglutinin Nanoparticle Vaccine Elicits Broadly Neutralizing Antibodies against Structurally Distinct Domains of H3N2 HA.
LDAI-ISPS: LncRNA-Disease Associations Inference Based on Integrated Space Projection Scores.
The Urinary Transcriptome as a Source of Biomarkers for Prostate Cancer.
Micro RNA Molecules as Modulators of Treatment Resistance, Immune Checkpoints Controllers and Sensitive Biomarkers in Glioblastoma Multiforme.
Use of Nitric Oxide and Hydrogen Peroxide for Better Yield of Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) under Water Deficit Conditions: Growth, Osmoregulation, ...
Proteomics Analysis of Colostrum Samples from Sows Housed under Different Conditions.
Maternal Consumption of a Low-Isoflavone Soy Protein Isolate Diet Accelerates Chemically Induced Hepatic Carcinogenesis in Male Rat Offspring.
The Timing and Extent of Motor Neuron Vulnerability in ALS Correlates with Accumulation of Misfolded SOD1 Protein in the Cortex and in the Spinal C...
The Effects of Ethanol on the Heart: Alcoholic Cardiomyopathy.
Design and Construction of a Focused DNA-Encoded Library for Multivalent Chromatin Reader Proteins.
Enhancing α-secretase Processing for Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease-A View on SFRP1.
ABCA7-A Member of the ABC Transporter Family in Healthy and Ailing Brain.
ERM Proteins at the Crossroad of Leukocyte Polarization, Migration and Intercellular Adhesion.
β2-Adrenergic Signalling Promotes Cell Migration by Upregulating Expression of the Metastasis-Associated Molecule LYPD3.
Small Molecule Binds with Lymphocyte Antigen 6K to Induce Cancer Cell Death.
Encapsulation of β-Carotene by Emulsion Electrospraying Using Deep Eutectic Solvents.
The Influence of Composition and Manufacturing Approach on the Physical and Rehydration Properties of Milk Protein Concentrate Powders.
Peptidylarginine Deiminase Isozyme-Specific PAD2, PAD3 and PAD4 Inhibitors Differentially Modulate Extracellular Vesicle Signatures and Cell Invasi...
Collagen Hydrolysates for Skin Protection: Oral Administration and Topical Formulation.
Glycosaminoglycan-Inspired Biomaterials for the Development of Bioactive Hydrogel Networks.
PET Radiopharmaceuticals for Alzheimer \ \'  s Disease and Parkinson \ \'  s Disease Diagnosis, the Current and Future Landscape.
Neutrophil Extracellular Trap Formation Correlates with Favorable Overall Survival in High Grade Ovarian Cancer.
Alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency: A Disorder of Proteostasis-Mediated Protein Folding and Trafficking Pathways.
GALNT14: An Emerging Marker Capable of Predicting Therapeutic Outcomes in Multiple Cancers.
Small Molecule Anion Carriers Correct Abnormal Airway Surface Liquid Properties in Cystic Fibrosis Airway Epithelia.
The Role of the RNA-RNA Interactome in the Hepatitis C Virus Life Cycle.
FOXL2 is a Progesterone Target Gene in the Endometrium of Ruminants.
CLIC1 Protein Accumulates in Circulating Monocyte Membrane during Neurodegeneration.
Analysis of Single Circulating Tumor Cells in Renal Cell Carcinoma Reveals Phenotypic Heterogeneity and Genomic Alterations Related to Progression.
The Roles and Mechanisms of lncRNAs in Liver Fibrosis.
Intracellular Delivery of Anti-SMC2 Antibodies against Cancer Stem Cells.
HER2 Heterogeneity in Personalized Therapy of Gastro-Oesophageal Malignancies: An Overview by Different Methodologies.
Ribosome and Translational Control in Stem Cells.
Comparative Genomics and Evolutionary Analysis of RNA-Binding Proteins of Burkholderia cenocepacia J2315 and Other Members of the B. cepacia Complex.
Plasma Membrane Transporters as Biomarkers and Molecular Targets in Cholangiocarcinoma.
Anti-Aging Effects of Leontopodium alpinum (Edelweiss) Callus Culture Extract Through Transcriptome Profiling.
Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase-1B Inhibition Disrupts IL13Rα2-Promoted Invasion and Metastasis in Cancer Cells.
Seed Biopriming with Microbial Inoculant Triggers Local and Systemic Defense Responses against Rhizoctonia solani Causing Banded Leaf and Sheath Bl...
Influence of Benz[a]anthracene on Bone Metabolism and on Liver Metabolism in Nibbler Fish, Girella punctata.
Ubiquitin E3 Ligase AaBre1 Responsible for H2B Monoubiquitination Is Involved in Hyphal Growth, Conidiation and Pathogenicity in Alternaria alternata.
The Analysis of the Editing Defects in the dyw2 Mutant Provides New Clues for the Prediction of RNA Targets of Arabidopsis E+-Class PPR Proteins.
Generation of A Triple Insert Live Avian Herpesvirus Vectored Vaccine Using CRISPR/Cas9-Based Gene Editing.
Sensory Analysis of a Processed Food Intended for Vitamin A Supplementation.
Measles Vaccines Designed for Enhanced CD8+ T Cell Activation.
A High Resolution Mass Spectrometry Study Reveals the Potential of Disulfide Formation in Human Mitochondrial Voltage-Dependent Anion Selective Cha...
Effect of Glazing with Different Materials on the Quality of Tuna During Frozen Storage.
Benzoxazole Derivative K313 Induces Cell Cycle Arrest, Apoptosis and Autophagy Blockage and Suppresses mTOR/p70S6K Pathway in Nalm-6 and Daudi Cells.
Interactome and F-Actin Interaction Analysis of Dictyostelium discoideum Coronin A.
Antigen-Based Nano-Immunotherapy Controls Parasite Persistence, Inflammatory and Oxidative Stress, and Cardiac Fibrosis, the Hallmarks of Chronic C...
Hypercapnia Impairs Na,K-ATPase Function by Inducing Endoplasmic Reticulum Retention of the β-Subunit of the Enzyme in Alveolar Epithelial Cells.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Stem Secondary Growth of Grafted Rosa rugosa  \ \'  Rosea \ \'   Scion and R. multiflora  \ \'  Innermis \ \'   Rootstock.
Secretory Production of Functional Grouper Type I Interferon from Epinephelus septemfasciatus in Escherichia coli and Bacillus subtilis.
Techno-Functional, Nutritional and Environmental Performance of Protein Isolates from Blue Lupin and White Lupin.
WNT3A Promotes Neuronal Regeneration upon Traumatic Brain Injury.
Effects of Salicylic Acid on the Metabolism of Mitochondrial Reactive Oxygen Species in Plants.
PTEN Expression as a Complementary Biomarker for Mismatch Repair Testing in Breast Cancer.
Lipid-Saporin Nanoparticles for the Intracellular Delivery of Cytotoxic Protein to Overcome ABC Transporter-Mediated Multidrug Resistance In Vitro ...
Biapenem as a Novel Insight into Drug Repositioning against Particulate Matter-Induced Lung Injury.
Integrative Analysis Identifies Candidate Tumor Microenvironment and Intracellular Signaling Pathways that Define Tumor Heterogeneity in NF1.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Two Cucumber Cultivars with Different Sensitivity to Cucumber Mosaic Virus Infection.
Effects of Ascorbic Acid and β-1,3-Glucan on Survival, Physiological Response and Flesh Quality of Cultured Tiger Grouper (Epinephelus fuscoguttatu...
Short-Term Effect of the Inclusion of Silage Artichoke By-Products in Diets of Dairy Goats on Milk Quality.
Advances in CXCR7 Modulators.
Study of the Bacillus thuringiensis Cry1Ia Protein Oligomerization Promoted by Midgut Brush Border Membrane Vesicles of Lepidopteran and Coleoptera...
Homeostasis Imbalance of Microglia and Astrocytes Leads to Alteration in the Metabolites of the Kynurenine Pathway in LPS-Induced Depressive-Like M...
Response: Premeal Consumption of a Protein-Enriched, Dietary Fiber-Fortified Bar Decreases Total Energy Intake in Healthy Individuals (Diabetes Met...
Letter: Premeal Consumption of a Protein-Enriched, Dietary Fiber-Fortified Bar Decreases Total Energy Intake in Healthy Individuals (Diabetes Metab...
11-Keto-β-Boswellic Acid Attenuates Glutamate Release and Kainic Acid-Induced Excitotoxicity in the Rat Hippocampus.
Update of Genetic and Molecular Causes of Adrenocortical Hyperplasias Causing Cushing Syndrome.
Icariin Attenuates Diabetic Cardiomyopathy and Downregulates Extracellular Matrix Proteins in Heart Tissue of Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
Membranous Nephropathy in Pregnancy.
Effect of MicroRNA-20a on Osteogenic Differentiation of Human Adipose Tissue-Derived Stem Cells.
First Trimester Protein Biomarkers for Risk of Spontaneous Preterm Birth: Identifying a Critical Need for More Rigorous Approaches to Biomarker Ide...
Investigation of potential anti-pneumococcal effects of l-sulforaphane and metabolites: Insights from synchrotron-FTIR microspectroscopy and molecu...
Effects of the deglycosylation on the structure and activity of chloroperoxidase: Molecular dynamics simulation approach.
Derivation of two iPSC lines from a sporadic ASD patient (NUIGi033-A) and a paternal control (NUIGi034-A).
Interaction of APOE4 alleles and PET tau imaging in former contact sport athletes.
Investigating the role of Bowman-Birk serine protease inhibitor in Arabidopsis plants under drought stress.
