Cancer cachexia and its pathophysiology: links with sarcopenia, anorexia and asthenia.
The Fecal Microbiome in Infants with Biliary Atresia Associates with Bile Flow after Kasai Portoenterostomy.
INVESTIGATION OF STRAINS OF MICROORGANISMS ISOLATED FROM CHILDREN WITH RECURRENT TONSILLITIS.
Rapid molecular testing for Staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia improves clinical management.
Exogenous application of harpin protein Hpa1 onto Pinellia ternata induces systemic resistance against tobacco mosaic virus.
Detection of Cryptosporidium parvum in a Red-Eared Slider Turtle (Trachemys scripta elegans), a Noted Invasive Alien Species, Captured in a Rural Aquatic Ecosystem in Eastern Poland.
South African bovine ephemeral fever virus glycoprotein sequences are phylogenetically distinct from those from the rest of the world.
Reply to Muller and Chaudhury.
The Transcription Factor Promyelocytic Leukemia Zinc Finger Protein Is Associated With Expression of Liver-Homing Receptors on Human Blood CD56bright Natural Killer Cells.
Protective role of berberine on ulcerative colitis through modulating enteric glial cells-intestinal epithelial cells-immune cells interactions.
Rift Valley fever virus vaccination induces long-lived, antigen-specific human T cell responses.
Alpaca (Vicugna pacos), the first nonprimate species with a phosphoantigen-reactive Vgamma9Vdelta2 T cell subset.
Complete Coding Sequence of a Novel Bluetongue Virus Isolated from a Commercial Sheeppox Vaccine.
Genome Sequences of Three African Swine Fever Viruses of Genotypes I, III, and XXII from South Africa and Zambia, Isolated from Ornithodoros Soft Ticks.
Detectable HIV-1 in semen in individuals with very low blood viral loads.
Suitability of individual and bulk milk samples to investigate the humoral immune response to lumpy skin disease vaccination by ELISA.
Molecular survey of duck circovirus infection in poultry in southern and southwestern China during 2018 and 2019.
Evidence for a novel overlapping coding sequence in POLG initiated at a CUG start codon.
MSC Based Therapies-New Perspectives for the Injured Lung.
Specific Substitutions in Region V2 of gp120 env confer SHIV Neutralisation Resistance.
Epidemiological characteristics and clinical outcomes of human rhinovirus infections in a hospitalized population. Severity is independently linked to RSV coinfection and comorbidities.
Pandemic potential of highly pathogenic avian influenza clade 2.3.4.4 A(H5) viruses.
Active Monitoring of Persons Exposed to Patients with Confirmed COVID-19 - United States, January-February 2020.
Cytomegalovirus Meeting Summary.
Clinical Diagnostic Testing for Human Cytomegalovirus Infections.
Unique epidemiological and clinical features of the emerging 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19) implicate special control measures.
Laboratory surveillance of chikungunya in Madhya Pradesh, India (2016-2017).
Gastric mucosal microbiota in a Mongolian population with gastric cancer and precursor conditions.
Regulation of NK-Cell Function by HLA Class II.
Phase-adjusted estimation of the number of Coronavirus Disease 2019 cases in Wuhan, China.
The Use of Both Therapeutic and Prophylactic Vaccines in the Therapy of Papillomavirus Disease.
Anthralin Suppresses the Proliferation of Influenza Virus by Inhibiting the Cap-Binding and Endonuclease Activity of Viral RNA Polymerase.
Global Organization and Proposed Megataxonomy of the Virus World.
Differential Outcomes Following Optimization of Simian-Human Immunodeficiency Viruses From Clades AE, B and C.
Pseudorabies virus infection of epithelial cells leads to persistent but aberrant activation of the NF-kappaB pathway, inhibiting hallmark NF-kappaB-induced pro-inflammatory gene expression.
T cell responses induced by attenuated flavivirus vaccination are specific and show limited cross-reactivity with other flavivirus species.
Post-chikungunya hyperpigmentation.
Cross-neutralizing Anti-hemagglutinin Antibodies Isolated from Patients Infected with Avian Influenza A (H5N1) Virus.
Clinical significance of peripheral blood and tumor tissue lymphocyte subsets in cervical cancer patients.
Current status and future directions of fish vaccines employing virus-like particles.
Gut Dysbiosis during Influenza Contributes to Pulmonary Pneumococcal Superinfection through Altered Short-Chain Fatty Acid Production.
A Technical Introduction to Transmission Electron Microscopy for Soft-Matter: Imaging, Possibilities, Choices, and Technical Developments.
The bacterial instrument as a promising therapy for colon cancer.
USP22 promotes IRF3 nuclear translocation and antiviral responses by deubiquitinating the importin protein KPNA2.
Epidemic of influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 analyzed by full genome sequences and the first case of oseltamivir-resistant strain in Myanmar 2017.
Accounting for population structure reveals ambiguity in the Zaire Ebolavirus reservoir dynamics.
A LAMP-based colorimetric assay to expedite field surveillance of the invasive mosquito species Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus.
Outcome according to subspecies following lung transplantation in cystic fibrosis paediatric patients infected with mycobacterium abscessus.
First evidence of bovine immunodeficiency virus infection in mexican cattle.
An assessment of bovine herpes virus 4 as a causative agent in abortions and neonatal death.
Antidepressant mechanism of classical herbal formula lily bulb and Rehmannia decoction: Insights from gene expression profile of medial prefrontal cortex of mice with stress-induced depression-like behavior.
Quasispecies dynamics of a hepatitis E virus 4 from the feces and liver biopsy of an acute hepatitis E patient during virus clearance.
Cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr Virus and Human Herpesvirus 6 Infections in Patients with Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Characterization of Ebola convalescent plasma donor immune response and psoralen treated plasma in the United States.
Environmental monitoring of Aichi virus and human bocavirus in samples from wastewater treatment plant, drain, and River Nile in Egypt.
The Ebola virus glycoprotein and its immune responses across multiple vaccine platforms.
Exclusive breastfeeding for the first 3 months of life may reduce the risk of respiratory allergies and some asthma in children at the age of 6 years.
The effectiveness and safety of glecaprevir/pibrentasvir in chronic hepatitis C patients with refractory factors in the real world: a comprehensive analysis of a prospective multicenter study.
Epidemiology and Outcomes of Early-Onset and Late-Onset Adenovirus Infections in Kidney Transplant Recipients.
A 40-Month Follow-Up of Ebola Virus Disease Survivors in Guinea (PostEbogui) Reveals Long-Term Detection of Ebola Viral Ribonucleic Acid in Semen and Breast Milk.
Modified mRNA/lipid nanoparticle-based vaccines expressing respiratory syncytial virus F protein variants are immunogenic and protective in rodent models of RSV infection.
Protection of BALB/c mice against pathogenic Brucella abortus and Brucella melitensis by vaccination with recombinant Omp16.
A novel bivalent Pasteurellosis-RHD vaccine candidate adjuvanted with Montanide ISA70 protects rabbits from lethal challenge.
Coronavirus response: a focus on containment is still apt.
Reply to Kloepfer and Gern: Independent studies suggest an arms race between influenza and rhinovirus: What next?
The HIV-1 Accessory Protein Vpu Downregulates Peroxisome Biogenesis.
Konzo outbreak in the Western Province of Zambia.
The immunologic dominance of an epitope within a rationally designed poly-epitope vaccine is influenced by multiple factors.
Authors \'  response: Plenty of coronaviruses but no SARS-CoV-2.
From role of gut microbiota to microbial-based therapies in type 2-diabetes.
Circulation of Orf viruses containing the NZ7-like vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF-E) gene type in India.
Comparing the efficiency of different Escherichia coli strains in producing recombinant capsid protein of porcine circovirus type 2.
Characterization of the IgA response to PRRS virus in pig oral fluids.
Detection of dengue virus type 2 of Indian origin in acute febrile patients in rural Kenya.
Genomic epidemiological characteristics of dengue fever in Guangdong province, China from 2013 to 2017.
Retraction Note to: Comparative analysis of the replication of bovine herpesvirus 1 (BHV1) and BHV5 in bovine-derived neuron-like cells.
Correction to: a new Rhodococcus aetherivorans strain isolated from lubricant-contaminated soil as a prospective phenol-biodegrading agent.
Tissue-resident T cell derived cytokines eliminate herpes simplex virus-2 infected cells.
Transmitted, pre-treatment and acquired antiretroviral drug resistance among men who have sex with men and transgender women living with HIV in Nigeria.
Identification of Epitope-Specific T Cells in T-Cell Receptor Repertoires.
Active site plasticity and possible modes of chemical inhibition of the human DNA deaminase APOBEC3B.
Dengue NS5 modulates expression of miR-590 to regulate ubiquitin-specific peptidase 42 in human microglia.
Association of Apple necrotic mosaic virus (ApNMV) with mosaic disease in commercially grown cultivars of apple (Malus domestica Borkh) in India.
Molecular characterization of two recombinant isolates of telosma mosaic virus infecting Passiflora edulis from Fujian Province in China.
Silent circulation of dengue virus in Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae) resulting from natural vertical transmission.
Assessing the role of live poultry trade in community-structured transmission of avian influenza in China.
Identification of functional lncRNAs in pseudorabies virus type II infected cells.
Yersinia enterocolitica-specific modulation of innate immune responses in jejunal epithelial cells.
AAV-expressed G protein induces robust humoral and cellular immune response and provides durable protection from rabies virus challenges in mice.
The association of Equine Parvovirus-Hepatitis (EqPV-H) with cases of non-biologic-associated Theiler \' s disease on a farm in Ontario, Canada.
Hydrogeniiclostidium mannosilyticum gen. nov., sp. nov. isolated from human faeces.
Effective Activation of Human Antigen-Presenting Cells and Cytotoxic CD8+ T Cells by a Calcium Phosphate-Based Nanoparticle Vaccine Delivery System.
Eco-Virological Preliminary Study of Potentially Emerging Pathogens in Hedgehogs (Erinaceus europaeus) Recovered at a Wildlife Treatment and Rehabilitation Center in Northern Italy.
Evaluation of Current Equine Influenza Vaccination Protocols Prior to Shipment, Guided by OIE Standards.
SOX2 Represses Hepatitis B Virus Replication by Binding to the Viral EnhII/Cp and Inhibiting the Promoter Activation.
Antivirals against Chikungunya Virus: Is the Solution in Nature?
Horses as a Crucial Part of One Health.
Factors in Oncogenesis: Viral Infections in Ovarian Cancer.
Serological Survey of Lyssaviruses in Polish Bats in the Frame of Passive Rabies Surveillance Using an Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay.
Recent Advances in the Use of Plant Virus-Like Particles as Vaccines.
Molecular Epidemiology of HIV-1 Infected Migrants Followed up in Portugal: Trends between 2001-2017.
Genotyping Porcine Circovirus 3 (PCV-3) Nowadays: Does It Make Sense?
Deciphering the Virome of Culex vishnui Subgroup Mosquitoes, the Major Vectors of Japanese Encephalitis, in Japan.
No Experimental Evidence of Co-Feeding Transmission of African Swine Fever Virus between Ornithodoros Soft Ticks.
Mediastinitis due to highly resistant bacteria treated with the help of locally delivered antibiotics to optimize local antibiotic concentrations.
Rapid diagnostic tests for infectious diseases in the emergency department.
Immuno-informatics approach to design a multi-epitope vaccine to combat Cytomegalovirus infection.
Is the Africa prepared for tackling the COVID-19 (SARS-CoV-2) epidemic? - lessons from past outbreaks, ongoing pan-African public health efforts, and implications for the future.
Detection of C. difficile toxin as a model assay for performing fully automated high-throughput RT-PCR on clinical stool samples.
Chemogenetics a Robust Approach to Pharmacology and Gene Therapy.
Seizing opportunities for intervention: Changing HIV-related knowledge among men who have sex with men and transgender women attending trusted community centers in Nigeria.
HIV-1 reverse transcriptase and protease mutations for drug-resistance detection among treatment-experienced and naive HIV-infected individuals.
Epidemic and Inter-epidemic Burden of Pediatric Human Parechovirus Infection in New South Wales, Australia, 2017-2018.
Age, absolute CD4 count, and CD4 percentage in relation to HPV infection and the stage of cervical disease in HIV-1-positive women.
Divergence of group a rotavirus with genetic variations before and after introduction of rotavirus vaccines in northern Taiwan.
Comparison of the performance of the Panther Fusion respiratory virus panel to R-Gene and laboratory developed tests for diagnostic and hygiene screening specimens from the upper and lower respiratory tract.
Enhancing and neutralizing anti-coxsackievirus activities of serum samples from patients prior to development of type 1 diabetes.
Emerging Threats to Animals in the United Kingdom by Arthropod-Borne Diseases.
Probe Signal Values in mRNA Arrays Imply an Excessive Involvement of Neutrophil FCGR1 in Tuberculosis.
Regulation of the Transferrin Receptor Recycling in Hepatitis C Virus-Replicating Cells.
Fusarium oxysporum and Aspergillus sp. as Keratinase Producers Using Swine Hair From Agroindustrial Residues.
NK Cells Regulate CD8+ T Cell Mediated Autoimmunity.
The Heat Stability of Hepatitis B Virus: A Chronological Review From Human Volunteers and Chimpanzees to Cell Culture Model Systems.
How the Cervical Microbiota Contributes to Cervical Cancer Risk in Sub-Saharan Africa.
S100A4 promotes hepatocellular carcinogenesis by intensifying fibrosis-associated cancer cell stemness.
Principles, Applications, and Biosafety of Plant Genome Editing Using CRISPR-Cas9.
Activation of the Kynurenine Pathway in Human Malignancies Can Be Suppressed by the Cyclin-Dependent Kinase Inhibitor Dinaciclib.
NS5 Conservative Site Is Required for Zika Virus to Restrict the RIG-I Signaling.
Advances in Targeting the Innate and Adaptive Immune Systems to Cure Chronic Hepatitis B Virus Infection.
Radezolid Is More Effective Than Linezolid Against Planktonic Cells and Inhibits Enterococcus faecalis Biofilm Formation.
Antiviral Drugs Against Severe Fever With Thrombocytopenia Syndrome Virus Infection.
High Levels of miR-483-3p Are Present in Serum Exosomes Upon Infection of Mice With Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza Virus.
Expression, Purification and Characterization of the Hepatitis E Virus Like-Particles in the Pichia pastoris.
Molecular Characterization of HEV Genotype 3 in Italy at Human/Animal Interface.
Coxsackievirus A6 Induces Necroptosis for Viral Production.
A chimeric yellow fever-Zika virus vaccine candidate fully protects against yellow fever virus infection in mice.
Efficient acute and chronic infection of stem cell-derived hepatocytes by hepatitis C virus.
Complex human adenoid tissue-based ex vivo culture systems reveal anti-inflammatory drug effects on germinal center T and B cells.
First genomic characterization of a Belgian Enterovirus C104 using sequence-independent Nanopore sequencing.
Human papillomavirus prevalence and risk factors among HIV-negative and HIV-positive women residing in rural Eastern Cape, South Africa.
A new approach for therapeutic vaccination against chronic HBV infections.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis and myeloid-derived suppressor cells: Insights into caveolin rich lipid rafts.
Combating vaccine hesitancy and other 21st century social determinants in the global fight against measles.
Pro-apoptotic action of protein-carbohydrate fraction isolated from coelomic fluid of the earthworm Dendrobaena veneta against human colon adenocarcinoma cells.
Hepatitis C virus infection in people who inject drugs in Africa.
Geographical distribution and prevalence of tick-borne encephalitis virus in questing Ixodes ricinus ticks and phylogeographic structure of the Ixodes ricinus vector in Norway.
A Case Series of children with 2019 novel coronavirus infection: clinical and epidemiological features.
CD28/4-1BB CD123 CAR T cells in blastic plasmacytoid dendritic cell neoplasm.
Retraction for Khattar et al., "Newcastle Disease Virus Expressing Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 Envelope Glycoprotein Induces Strong Mucosal and Serum Antibody Responses in Guinea Pigs".
Regulatory CD8 T cells that recognize Qa-1 expressed by CD4 T-helper cells inhibit rejection of heart allografts.
Viral infections and risk of thyroid cancer: A systematic review and empirical bayesian meta-analysis.
Analysis of the results of the SEIMC External Quality Control Programme. Year 2018.
Analysis of the results of the SEIMC External Quality Control Programme. Year 2017.
Virology: syndromic diagnosis of meningitis and encephalitis.
Protective efficacy of the Newcastle disease virus genotype VII-matched vaccine in commercial layers.
Expression of MMP-2, MMP-9, and NGAL in Tissue and Serum of Patients with Vascular Aneurysms and Their Modulation by Statin Treatment: A Pilot Study.
The Kaposi \' s Sarcoma-Associated Herpesvirus (KSHV) gH/gL Complex Is the Predominant Neutralizing Antigenic Determinant in KSHV-Infected Individuals.
Pluripotent Stem Cell-Based Models: A Peephole into Virus Infections during Early Pregnancy.
Silver Nanoparticles Synthesized by Using Bacillus cereus SZT1 Ameliorated the Damage of Bacterial Leaf Blight Pathogen in Rice.
Co-Incidence of Type II Topoisomerase Mutations and Efflux Expression in High Fluoroquinolone Resistant Enterococcus faecalis Isolated from Urinary Tract Infections.
Exposure to Toxoplasma gondii in zoo animals in Spain.
Comparative transcriptome profiling reveals a mechanism of Streptococcus agalactiae resistance to florfenicol.
Novel IRF6 mutations in Chinese Han families with Van der Woude syndrome.
Hedgehog signalling mediates drug resistance through targeting TAP1 in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Predicting survival after hepatocellular carcinoma resection using deep-learning on histological slides.
Immunological failure in an HIV elite controller: possible role of indirect markers of inflammation and benefit of antiretroviral therapy.
Impact of corticosteroid treatment on clinical outcomes of influenza-associated ARDS: a nationwide multicenter study.
Characterization of a Species E Adenovirus Vector as a Zika virus vaccine.
Borrelia miyamotoi and Borrelia burgdorferi (sensu lato) identification and survey of tick-borne encephalitis virus in ticks from north-eastern Germany.
Transcriptomic Analysis Reveals the Molecular Adaptation of Three Major Secondary Metabolic Pathways to Multiple Macronutrient Starvation in Tea (Camellia sinensis).
Crosstalk between RNA Metabolism and Cellular Stress Responses during Zika Virus Replication.
Baseline Amino Acid Substitutions in the NS5A ISDR and PKR Binding Domain of Hepatitis C and Different Fibrosis Levels and Levels of Development of Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Patients Treated with DAAs.
Establishment of a Plasmid-Based Reverse Genetics System for the Cell Culture-Adapted Hepatitis E Virus Genotype 3c Strain 47832c.
Orthohepevirus C: An Expanding Species of Emerging Hepatitis E Virus Variants.
STOP: Study, Treat, Observe, and Prevent Neglected Diseases of Poverty Act.
Mutational signature in colorectal cancer caused by genotoxic pks+ E. coli.
Update: Public Health Response to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 Outbreak - United States, February 24, 2020.
Seed transmission of a distinct soybean yellow mottle mosaic virus strain identified from India in natural and experimental hosts.
Engineering Cellular Biosensors with Customizable Antiviral Responses Targeting Hepatitis B Virus.
Point-of-care HIV viral load testing combined with task shifting to improve treatment outcomes (STREAM): findings from an open-label, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial.
Pre-arrayed Pan-AAV Peptide Display Libraries for Rapid Single-Round Screening.
High prevalence of integrase mutation L74I in West African HIV-1 subtypes prior to integrase inhibitor treatment.
Telomere length and telomerase activity in osteoporosis and osteoarthritis.
Optimization of a Benzothiazole Indolene Scaffold Targeting Bacterial Cell Wall Assembly.
Genotypic and phenotypic analysis of biofilm formation Staphylococcus epidermidis isolates from clinical specimens.
The patatin-like phospholipase domain containing protein 7 facilitates VLDL secretion by modulating ApoE stability.
Blood-based gene expression profile of oxidative stress and antioxidant genes for identifying surrogate markers of liver tissue injury in chronic hepatitis C patients.
Two conserved epigenetic regulators prevent healthy ageing.
Characterisation of HIV-1 Molecular Epidemiology in Nigeria: Origin, Diversity, Demography and Geographic Spread.
Identification and cloning of a new western Epstein-Barr virus strain that replicates efficiently in primary B cells.
The integrity of the YxxL motif of Ebola virus VP24 is important for the transport of nucleocapsid-like structures and for the regulation of viral RNA synthesis.
High-throughput fluorescence-based screen identifies the neuronal microRNA miR-124 as a positive regulator of alphavirus infection.
Fecal shedding of bovine astrovirus CH13/NeuroS1 in veal calves.
Repurposing infectious disease vaccines for intratumoral immunotherapy.
Using a machine learning approach to predict mortality in critically ill influenza patients: a cross-sectional retrospective multicentre study in Taiwan.
Cost effectiveness of an intervention to increase uptake of hepatitis C virus testing and treatment (HepCATT): cluster randomised controlled trial in primary care.
HLA-DQB genetic susceptibility and rheumatic heart disease: a case-control study.
Non-Phosphorylatable PEA-15 Sensitises SKOV-3 Ovarian Cancer Cells to Cisplatin.
A Hyper-Glycosylation of HBV Surface Antigen Correlates with HBsAg-Negativity at Immunosuppression-Driven HBV Reactivation in Vivo and Hinders HBsAg Recognition in Vitro.
Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus: An Emerging Ancient Zoonosis?
Methyl-beta-cyclodextrin inhibits EV-D68 virus entry by perturbing the accumulation of virus particles and ICAM-5 in lipid rafts.
Probing RNA Conformational Equilibria within the Functional Cellular Context.
Evolution of cellular HIV DNA levels in virologically suppressed patients switching to dolutegravir/lamivudine versus maintaining a triple regimen: a prospective, longitudinal, matched, controlled study.
Two waves of pro-inflammatory factors are released during the influenza A virus (IAV)-driven pulmonary immunopathogenesis.
Evaluation of Antibiotic Resistance of Helicobacter pylori Strains Isolated in Bari, Southern Italy, in 2017-2018 by Phenotypic and Genotyping Methods.
Composition and divergence of coronavirus spike proteins and host ACE2 receptors predict potential intermediate hosts of SARS-CoV-2.
Chronic Hepatitis C Virus Infection Impairs Insulin Secretion by Regulation of p38delta MAPK-dependent Exocytosis in Pancreatic Beta cells.
Evaluation of protective immunity responses against pneumococcal PhtD and its C-terminal in combination with outer-membrane vesicles as adjuvants.
Seroepidemiology of dengue and chikungunya fever in patients with rash and fever in Iran, 2017.
Rapidly decreased HBV RNA predicts responses of pegylated interferons in HBeAg-positive patients: a longitudinal cohort study.
Noninvasive chimeric DNA profiling identifies tumor-originated HBV integrants contributing to viral antigen expression in liver cancer.
Partial silencing of fucosyltransferase 8 gene expression inhibits proliferation of Ishikawa cells, a cell line of endometrial cancer.
Whole genome sequencing of Herpes Simplex Virus 1 directly from human cerebrospinal fluid reveals selective constraints in neurotropic viruses.
Villains or heroes? The raison d \' etre of viruses.
Natural killer cell activation by respiratory syncytial virus-specific antibodies is decreased in infants with severe respiratory infections and correlates with Fc-glycosylation.
Association of IL28B (IFNL3) rs12979860 mRNA levels, viral load, and liver function among HCV genotype 1a patients.
Trichomonas vaginalis and Giardia lamblia Growth Alterations by Low-Frequency Electromagnetic Fields.
Molecular Identification of Free-Living Amoebae (Naegleria spp., Acanthamoeba spp. and Vermamoeba spp.) Isolated from Un-improved Hot Springs, Guilan Province, Northern Iran.
Pre-Treatment with Zirconia Nanoparticles Reduces Inflammation Induced by the Pathogenic H5N1 Influenza Virus.
Human FCHO1 deficiency reveals role for clathrin-mediated endocytosis in development and function of T cells.
Serine-Arginine Protein Kinase 1 Regulates Ebola Virus Transcription.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Two Cucumber Cultivars with Different Sensitivity to Cucumber Mosaic Virus Infection.
Role of biogenic Fe(III) minerals as a sink and carrier of heavy metals in the Rio Tinto, Spain.
Favipiravir, an anti-influenza drug against life-threatening RNA virus infections.
Virological suppression and clinical management in response to viremia in South African HIV treatment program: A multicenter cohort study.
Cell-associated HIV-1 RNA predicts viral rebound and disease progression after discontinuation of temporary early ART.
HIV-1 Nef counteracts autophagy restriction by enhancing the association between BECN1 and its inhibitor BCL2 in a PRKN-dependent manner.
Low frequency of horizontal and vertical transmission of cucurbit leaf crumple virus in whitefly Bemisia tabaci Gennadius.
Association of elevated interleukin-33 serum levels with tumorstages in patients with prostate cancer.
Interleukin-1beta and interleukin-6 in Common Variable Immunodeficiency and their association with subtypes of B cells and response to the Pneumovax-23 vaccine.
Co-expression of human calreticulin significantly improves the production of HIV gp140 and other viral glycoproteins in plants.
Effect of Colloidal Metal Nanoparticles on Biomass, Polysaccharides, Flavonoids, and Melanin Accumulation in Medicinal Mushroom Inonotus obliquus (Ach.:Pers.) Pilat.
Validation of PCR-based protocols for the detection of Echinococcus multilocularis DNA in the final host using the Intestinal Scraping Technique as a reference.
Characterization of Immunophenotypic Aberrancies in Adult and Childhood Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia: Lessons from Regional Variation.
Detection of Hepatitis B Surface Antigen among Febrile Patients in Ankpa, Kogi State, Nigeria.
Capripoxviruses: Exploring the genetic relatedness between field and vaccine strains from Egypt.
Functional assessment of cell entry and receptor usage for SARS-CoV-2 and other lineage B betacoronaviruses.
Diversity of HLA Class I and Class II blocks and conserved extended haplotypes in Lacandon Mayans.
High HIV-1 diversity in immigrants resident in Italy (2008-2017).
MagnEdit-interacting factors that recruit DNA-editing enzymes to single base targets.
Thiostrepton reactivates latent HIV-1 through p-TEFb and NF-kappaB pathway mediated by heat shock response.
Erratum for Gettings et al., "Antibodies to Borrelia turicatae in Experimentally Infected Dogs Cross-React with Borrelia burgdorferi Serologic Assays".
Determining spa-type of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) via high-resolution melting (HRM) analysis, Shiraz, Iran.
Isolation and characterization of a new population of nasal surface macrophages and their susceptibility to PRRSV-1 subtype 1 (LV) and subtype 3 (Lena).
TRAF1 suppresses antifungal immunity through CXCL1-mediated neutrophil recruitment during Candida albicans intradermal infection.
Exosomal miRNAs: Novel players in viral infection.
In Vivo Characterization of a Bank Vole-Derived Cowpox Virus Isolate in Natural Hosts and the Rat Model.
Cell Lines for Honey Bee Virus Research.
Field Trial Vaccination against Cowpox in Two Alpaca Herds.
Human Cytomegalovirus (HCMV) Reactivation in the Mammary Gland Induces a Proinflammatory Cytokine Shift in Breast Milk.
Characterization of a Unique Bordetella bronchiseptica vB_BbrP_BB8 Bacteriophage and Its Application as an Antibacterial Agent.
Characterization of Experimental Oro-Nasal Inoculation of Seba \' s Short-Tailed Bats (Carollia perspicillata) with Bat Influenza A Virus H18N11.
Comprehensive Evaluation of Hepatitis E Serology and Molecular Testing in a Large Cohort.
Marine Actinobacteria: Screening for Predation Leads to the Discovery of Potential New Drugs against Multidrug-Resistant Bacteria.
Drosophila Interspecific Hybridization Causes A Deregulation of the piRNA Pathway Genes.
Evaluation of the NG-Test CTX-M MULTI immunochromatographic assay for the rapid detection of CTX-M extended-spectrum-beta-lactamases producers from positive blood cultures.
The cloning of the virus envelope glycoprotein F of canine distemper virus expressed in Pichia pastoris.
Influenza virus NS1- C/EBPbeta gene regulatory complex inhibits RIG-I transcription.
Proteasomal inhibition triggers viral oncoprotein degradation via autophagy-lysosomal pathway.
Urethral reconstruction using an amphiphilic tissue-engineered autologous polyurethane nanofiber scaffold with rapid vascularization function.
Immunologic Clearance of a BK Virus-associated Metastatic Renal Allograft Carcinoma.
Fabricating versatile cell supports from nano- and micro-sized graphene oxide flakes.
Development of microfluidic platform capable of high-throughput absolute quantification of single-cell multiple intracellular proteins from tumor cell lines and patient tumor samples.
Trypsin promotes porcine deltacoronavirus mediating cell-to-cell fusion in a cell type-dependent manner.
Continuum of HIV care of newly diagnosed individuals in Israel, 2011-2015: a population-based cohort study.
NipahVR: a resource of multi-targeted putative therapeutics and epitopes for the Nipah virus.
Chitosan and chitosan nanoparticles as adjuvant in local Rift Valley Fever inactivated vaccine.
Evidence of Peste des petits Ruminants \'  Virus in Dromedary Camels in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia between 2014 and 2016.
Wisteria Vein Mosaic Virus Detected for the First Time in Iran from an Unknown Host by Analysis of Aphid Vectors.
DNA sequence-specific ligands. XVIII. Synthesis, physico-chemical properties; genetic, virological, and biochemical studies of fluorescent dimeric bisbenzimidazoles DBPA(n).
Critical role of PD-L1 expression on non-tumor cells rather than on tumor cells for effective anti-PD-L1 immunotherapy in a transplantable mouse hematopoietic tumor model.
A quite sensitive fluorescent loop-mediated isothermal amplification for rapid detection of respiratory syncytial virus.
Furuncular myiasis in Italian traveler returning from Kenya.
Evidence of circulation of West Nile virus in Culex pipiens mosquitoes and horses in Morocco.
Global burden of respiratory infections associated with seasonal influenza in children under 5 years in 2018: a systematic review and modelling study.
Prime-boost vaccination strategy enhances immunogenicity compared to single pneumococcal conjugate vaccination in patients receiving conventional DMARDs, to some extent in abatacept but not in rituximab-treated patients.
Computational MHC-I epitope predictor identifies 95% of experimentally mapped HIV-1 clade A and D epitopes in a Ugandan cohort.
Regulation of Rice Tillering by RNA-directed DNA Methylation at Miniature Inverted-repeat Transposable Elements.
A Bunyavirus-Inducible Ubiquitin Ligase Targets RNA Polymerase IV for Degradation during Viral Pathogenesis in Rice.
Comparative genomic analysis of Bordetella bronchiseptica isolates from the lungs of pigs with porcine respiratory disease complex (PRDC).
The epidemic of 2019-novel-coronavirus (2019-nCoV) pneumonia and insights for emerging infectious diseases in the future.
Adoptive T-cell therapy for HBV-associated HCC and HBV infection.
Comparison of two Immunoassays for Concurrent Detection of HCV Antigen and Antibodies among HIV/HCV Co-infected Patients in Dried Serum/Plasma Spots.
A distinct name is needed for the new coronavirus.
CalibraCurve: A Tool for Calibration of Targeted MS-based Measurements.
Zika virus infection studies with CD34+ hematopoietic and megakaryocyte-erythroid progenitors, red blood cells and platelets.
Human papillomavirus prevalence and distribution in self-collected samples from female university students in Maputo.
Hepatitis C Virus Infection Caused by Infrequent Exposure in China Should Be of Concern.
Mathias Ackermann and Jean-Michel Hatt respond.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of 2-alkoxycarbonyl-3-anilinoindoles as a new class of potent inhibitors of tubulin polymerization.
7-Deaza-7-fluoro modification confers on 4 \' -cyano-nucleosides potent activity against entecavir/adefovir-resistant HBV variants and favorable safety.
Distinct Mesenchymal Cell Populations Generate the Essential Intestinal BMP Signaling Gradient.
Comparison of health care resource utilization among preterm and term infants hospitalized with Human Respiratory Syncytial Virus infections: A systematic review and meta-analysis of retrospective cohort studies.
High risk for human exposure to Rift Valley fever virus in communities living along livestock movement routes: A cross-sectional survey in Kenya.
Elevated Plasma Levels of sCD14 and MCP-1 are associated with HIV Associated Neurocognitive Disorders among Antiretroviral Naive Individuals in Nigeria.
Molecular characterization of Brazilian wild-type strains of bovine respiratory syncytial virus reveals genetic diversity and a putative new subgroup of the virus.
Opposite Effects of High-Valent Cations on the Elasticities of DNA and RNA Duplexes Revealed by Magnetic Tweezers.
Processing of the SARS-CoV pp1a/ab nsp7-10 region.
Prevalence and genetic characterization of Giardia lamblia in relation to diarrhea in Limpopo and Gauteng provinces, South Africa.
Prolyl Isomerase Pin1 Regulates the Stability of Hepatitis B Virus Core Protein.
Congenital Cytomegalovirus Infection: A Narrative Review of the Issues in Screening and Management From a Panel of European Experts.
Hepatitis A virus structural protein pX interacts with ALIX and promotes the secretion of virions and foreign proteins through exosome-like vesicles.
Chinese herbal medicine for gout: a review of the clinical evidence and pharmacological mechanisms.
Role of Extracellular Vesicles in Cellular Cross Talk in Malaria.
Neutrophil Extracellular Traps Effectively Control Acute Chikungunya Virus Infection.
Outbreak of Saprochaete clavata Sepsis in Hematology Patients: Combined Use of MALDI-TOF and Sequencing Strategy to Identify and Correlate the Episodes.
Characterization of Ebinur Lake Virus and Its Human Seroprevalence at the China-Kazakhstan Border.
Vaccines and Therapeutics Against Hantaviruses.
Detection and characterization of Ilheus and Iguape virus genomes in historical mosquito samples from Southern Brazil.
Characterization of membrane-bound IL-22+ T cell subsets in HIV-1 patients coinfected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
1alpha, 25(OH)2D3 regulates agrin-induced acetylcholine receptor clustering through upregulation of rapsyn expression in C2C12 myotubes.
Prevalence of Human Metapneumovirus Infections in Iran: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Discovery and Optimization of Novel Pyrazolopyrimidines as Potent and Orally Bioavailable Allosteric HIV-1 Integrase Inhibitors.
Clinical Characteristics and Outcomes of invasive Lomentospora prolificans Infections: Analysis of Patients in the FungiScope  Registry.
Immune correlates of postexposure vaccine protection against Marburg virus.
Assessment of a rapid diagnostic test to exclude bacteraemia and effect on clinical decision-making for antimicrobial therapy.
Pulmonary surfactant-biomimetic nanoparticles potentiate heterosubtypic influenza immunity.
An infectious clone of enterovirus 71(EV71) that is capable of infecting neonatal immune competent mice without adaptive mutations.
The cryptic unstable transcripts are associated with developmentally regulated gene expression in blood-stage Plasmodium falciparum.
Autophagy interferes with human cytomegalovirus genome replication, morphogenesis, and progeny release.
Foot-and-Mouth Disease Virus Lacking the Leader Protein and Containing Two Negative DIVA Markers (FMDV LL3B3D A24) Is Highly Attenuated in Pigs.
Molecular Characterization and Clinical Description of Non-Polio Enteroviruses Detected in Stool Samples from HIV-Positive and HIV-Negative Adults in Ghana.
Exon-4 Mutations in KRAS Affect MEK/ERK and PI3K/AKT Signaling in Human Multiple Myeloma Cell Lines.
Comparison of shortened mosaic HIV-1 vaccine schedules: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 1 trial (IPCAVD010/HPX1002) and a preclinical study in rhesus monkeys (NHP 17-22).
Comparison of sequencing methods and data processing pipelines for whole genome sequencing and minority single nucleotide variant (mSNV) analysis during an influenza A/H5N8 outbreak.
Interim Estimates of 2019-20 Seasonal Influenza Vaccine Effectiveness - United States, February 2020.
Recent advances of oncolytic virus in cancer therapy.
Coronavirus COVID-19 impacts to dentistry and potential salivary diagnosis.
Epidemiology of hepatitis B and C virus infection in Central West Argentina.
Optimal management of chronic hepatitis B patients receiving nucleos(t)ide analogues.
GP73 Facilitates Hepatitis B Virus Replication by Repressing the NF-kappaB Signaling Pathway.
Flavivirus induces and antagonizes antiviral RNA interference in both mammals and mosquitoes.
Responsiveness of various reservoir species to oral rabies vaccination correlates with differences in vaccine uptake of mucosa associated lymphoid tissues.
The pyrimidine analog FNC potently inhibits the replication of multiple enteroviruses.
Clinical findings in a group of patients infected with the 2019 novel coronavirus (SARS-Cov-2) outside of Wuhan, China: retrospective case series.
Nef-Mediated CD3-TCR Downmodulation Dampens Acute Inflammation and Promotes SIV Immune Evasion.
The Human Cytomegalovirus pUL145 Isoforms Act as Viral DDB1-Cullin-Associated Factors to Instruct Host Protein Degradation to Impede Innate Immunity.
An Evolutionary Insertion in the Mxra8 Receptor-Binding Site Confers Resistance to Alphavirus Infection and Pathogenesis.
CD32+CD4+ T Cells Are Highly Enriched for HIV DNA and Can Support Transcriptional Latency.
Genomic and Epidemiological Surveillance of Zika Virus in the Amazon Region.
Antibody Teamwork against Ebola Virus Disease.
Role of Mycoplasma Chaperone DnaK in Cellular Transformation.
Current Trends in Diagnostics of Viral Infections of Unknown Etiology.
[Analysis of epidemiological characteristics of report cases of rotavirus diarrhea in children under 5 years old in China, 2005-2018].
[Etiology and epidemiological characteristics of gastroenteritis virus in food-borne diarrhea from three cities in Shandong Province, 2017].
Pathological and virological analysis of concurrent disease of chicken anemia virus infection and infectious bronchitis in Japanese native chicks.
Development of Genetic Diagnostic Methods for Novel Coronavirus 2019 (nCoV-2019) in Japan.
Presentation of BK polyomavirus-associated hemorrhagic cystitis after allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation.
Efficacy &amp; safety of Carica papaya leaf extract (CPLE) in severe thrombocytopenia (&lt;=30,000/mul) in adult dengue - Results of a pilot study.
Nocardia farcinica meningitis in a patient with high-grade astrocytoma.
Genetic diversity and biofilm formation analysis of Staphylococcus aureus causing urinary tract infections in Tehran, Iran.
Characterization of drug resistance and the defective HIV reservoir in virally suppressed vertically infected children in Mali.
Opioid use disorder and infectious complications in persons who inject drugs.
A decade-long temporal analyses of human group-A rotavirus among children with gastroenteritis: pre-vaccination scenario in West Bengal, eastern India.
Novel small-molecule fluorophores for in vivo NIR-IIa and NIR-IIb imaging.
A lab-on-a-chip for free-flow electrophoretic preconcentration of viruses and gel electrophoretic DNA extraction.
2019 Novel coronavirus: where we are and what we know.
Failure of antiviral therapy with brincidofovir in non-HIV progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.
Human alpha and beta herpesviruses and cancer: passengers or foes?
Data of de novo genome assembly of the Chlamydia psittaci strain isolated from the livestock in Volga Region, Russian Federation.
Avoid stigmatizing names for 2019 novel coronavirus.
Coronavirus: global solutions to prevent a pandemic.
More than 80 clinical trials launch to test coronavirus treatments.
Scientists fear coronavirus spread in countries least able to contain it.
Respiratory Viral Infection Alters the Gut Microbiota by Inducing Inappetence.
Increased intracellular cyclic di-AMP levels impair growth and virulence of Bacillus anthracis.
Process Characterization and Biophysical Analysis for a Yeast-expressed Phlebotomus papatasi Salivary Protein (PpSP15) as a Leishmania vaccine candidate.
Signature patterns in region V4 of small ruminant lentivirus surface protein in sheep and goats.
Implementation of a three-tiered approach to identify and characterize anti-drug antibodies raised against HIV-specific broadly neutralizing antibodies.
A proposal for a comprehensive approach to infections across the surgical pathway.
A multiplex PCR assay for rapid identification of major tospovirus vectors reported in India.
Travel-associated neurological disease terminated in a postmortem diagnosed atypical HSV-1 encephalitis after high-dose steroid therapy - a case report.
Structure of the host cell recognition and penetration machinery of a Staphylococcus aureus bacteriophage.
Emergence of mcr-1 mediated colistin resistant Escherichia coli from a hospitalized patient in Bangladesh.
A multicenter study of beta-lactamase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae isolated from university teaching hospitals of Urmia, Iran.
Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Shedding in French Day-Care Centers: A Nationwide Study of Epidemiology, Risk Factors, Centers \'  Practices, and Parents \'  Awareness of CMV.
Low Epstein-Barr virus count in sinonasal inverted papilloma.
KAP1 targets actively transcribed genomic loci to exert pleomorphic effects on RNA polymerase II activity.
Site-Specific Post-translational Surface Modification of Adeno-Associated Virus Vectors Using Leucine Zippers.
Meeting report: Eleventh international conference on hantaviruses.
The plasma membrane Cation binding protein 1 affects accumulation of Potato virus Y in pepper both at the systemic level and in protoplasts.
Immunization Strategies to Span the Spectrum of Immunocompromised Adults.
Detecting the Formation Kinetics of Doxorubicin-DNA Interstrand Crosslink at Single-Molecule Level and Clinically Relevant Concentrations of Doxorubicin.
Inherited chromosomally integrated HHV-6 possibly modulates human gene expression.
Human genetics of meningococcal infections.
[Heinrich Pette (1887-1964) and the difficult assessment of his role from the Weimar Republic to the Federal Republic of Germany].
Chemogenetic Control of Nanobodies.
Chemically labeled toxins or bioactive peptides show a heterogeneous intracellular distribution and low spatial overlap with autofluorescence in bloom-forming cyanobacteria.
A review of congenital tremor type A-II in piglets.
Epidemiologic and viral predictors of antiretroviral drug resistance among persons living with HIV in a large treatment program in Nigeria.
The importance of veterinary specialized generalists in biomedical research.
Repression of viral gene expression and replication by the unfolded protein response effector XBP1u.
JNJ-4178 (adafosbuvir, odalasvir, and simeprevir) in Japanese patients with chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 or 2 infection with or without compensated cirrhosis: the Phase IIa OMEGA-3 study.
Correction to: Binomial nomenclature for virus species: a consultation.
A bioconjugated MoS2 based nanoplatform with increased binding efficiency to cancer cells.
Humanized NOG Mice for Intravaginal HIV Exposure and Treatment of HIV Infection.
Molecular and serological investigation of 2019-nCoV infected patients: implication of multiple shedding routes.
Potent binding of 2019 novel coronavirus spike protein by a SARS coronavirus-specific human monoclonal antibody.
TCR repertoire analysis reveals phosphoantigen-induced polyclonal proliferation of Vgamma9Vdelta2 T cells in neonates and adults.
Serological Evidence for Japanese Encephalitis and West Nile Virus Infections in Domestic Birds in Cambodia.
A case for a negative-strand coding sequence in a group of positive-sense RNA viruses.
Rare amyloidoma of the tongue base: A case report and review of the literature.
Depression following graft-versus-host disease in a patient with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia: A case report.
Comprehensive Genomic Characterization Analysis of lncRNAs in Cells With Porcine Delta Coronavirus Infection.
[Characteristics and dynamics of HIV-1 subtype distribution among injected drug users in Guangzhou, 2008 - 2015].
[Expert consensus on immunological prevention of human papillomavirus-related diseases (abridged)].
Studying viruses using solution X-ray scattering.
Kinetics of DNA damage repair response accompanying initial hepadnavirus-host genomic integration in woodchuck hepatitis virus infection of hepatocyte.
A peptide derived from lens epithelium-derived growth factor stimulates HIV-1 DNA integration and facilitates intasome structural studies.
How to recognise and deal with dubious virus sequences?
PROSPECTIVE MULTICENTER STUDY ON AZOLE RESISTANCE IN ASPERGILLUS ISOLATES FROM SURVEILLANCE CULTURES IN HAEMATOLOGICAL PATIENTS IN ITALY.
Lamivudine-resistant HIVM184V is Durably Suppressed with Dolutegravir plus Lamivudine Dual Therapy in Humanized Mice.
Minocycline, Focused on mechanisms of resistance, antibacterial activity, and clinical effectiveness; Back to Future.
Selection and characterization of highly specific recombinant antibodies against West Nile Virus E protein.
Post-antibiotic gut dysbiosis-induced trabecular bone loss is dependent on lymphocytes.
The NC229 Multi-Station Research Consortium on Emerging Viral Diseases of Swine: Solving Stakeholder Problems through Innovative Science and Research.
Hepatitis D virus in Uzbekistan.
Parechovirus A prevalence in adults in The Netherlands.
The First Disease X is Caused by a Highly Transmissible Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus.
Evaluation of respiratory syncytial virus IgG antibody dynamics in mother-infant pairs cohort.
Sirolimus and other mTOR inhibitors directly activate latent pathogenic human polyomavirus replication.
Author Correction: GRID-seq for comprehensive analysis of global RNA-chromatin interactions.
Therapeutic targeting of TP53-mutated acute myeloid leukemia by inhibiting HIF-1alpha with echinomycin.
Structural basis of mammalian high-mannose N-glycan processing by human gut Bacteroides.
A TGF-beta- and p63-Responsive Enhancer Regulates IFN-kappa Expression in Human Keratinocytes.
Early mortality of brain cancer patients and its connection to cytomegalovirus reactivation during radiochemotherapy.
Structural Basis for a Convergent Immune Response against Ebola Virus.
High Genomic Variability in Equine Infectious Anemia Virus Obtained from Naturally Infected Horses in Pantanal, Brazil: An Endemic Region Case.
Propolis Affects Pseudomonas aeruginosa Growth, Biofilm Formation, eDNA Release and Phenazine Production: Potential Involvement of Polyphenols.
Tudor-SN Promotes Early Replication of Dengue Virus in the Aedes aegypti Midgut.
B cells infected with Type 2 Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) have increased NFATc1/NFATc2 activity and enhanced lytic gene expression in comparison to Type 1 EBV infection.
Human surveillance and phylogeny of highly pathogenic avian influenza A(H5N8) during an outbreak in poultry in South Africa, 2017.
Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in a patient with primary amyloid light-chain amyloidosis.
Novel coronavirus: how the things are in Wuhan.
Novel coronavirus, poor quarantine, and the risk of pandemic.
Kozen Yoshino \' s experimental infections with Taenia solium tapeworms: an experiment never to be repeated.
MDA5 against enteric viruses through induction of interferon-like response partially via the JAK-STAT cascade.
Long-chain fatty acyl-coenzyme A suppresses hepatitis C virus infection by targeting virion-bound lipoproteins.
Plasma protein profiling reflects Th1-driven immune dysregulation in common variable immunodeficiency.
Three different paths to introduce the smallpox vaccine in early 19th century United States.
The first 2019 novel coronavirus case in Nepal.
Pichia pastoris: A highly successful expression system for optimal synthesis of heterologous proteins.
Gp4 is a nuclease required for morphogenesis of T4-like bacteriophages.
T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin (TIM) contributes to the infection of human airway epithelial cells by pseudotype viruses containing Hantaan virus glycoproteins.
SPINT2 inhibits proteases involved in activation of both influenza viruses and metapneumoviruses.
Zika virus-spread, epidemiology, genome, transmission cycle, clinical manifestation, associated challenges, vaccine and antiviral drug development.
A model for the formation of the duplicated enhancers found in polyomavirus regulatory regions.
A novel human monoclonal antibody potently neutralizes human adenovirus serotype 7 by primarily targeting the adenovirus hexon protein.
Genetic diversity and phylogeography of Jeju Orthohantavirus (Hantaviridae) in the Republic of Korea.
Drosophila melanogaster as a model for arbovirus infection of adult salivary glands.
Disrupting the association of Autographa californica multiple nucleopolyhedrovirus Ac93 with cellular ESCRT-III/Vps4 hinders nuclear egress of nucleocapsids and intranuclear microvesicles formation.
CSFV protein NS5A activates the unfolded protein response to promote viral replication.
MiR-BART1-5p targets core 2beta-1,6-acetylglucosaminyltransferase GCNT3 to inhibit cell proliferation and migration in EBV-associated gastric cancer.
Zika virus NS5 localizes at centrosomes during cell division.
Comparative analysis of the viral interferon regulatory factors of KSHV for their requisite for virus production and inhibition of the type I interferon pathway.
Hepatitis E viral infection causes testicular damage in mice.
Extracellular vesicles restrict dengue virus fusion in Aedes aegypti cells.
The use of cells from ANPEP knockout pigs to evaluate the role of aminopeptidase N (APN) as a receptor for porcine deltacoronavirus (PDCoV).
Zika virus NS5 nuclear accumulation is protective of protein degradation and is required for viral RNA replication.
Transmission dynamics between infected waterfowl and terrestrial poultry: Differences between the transmission and tropism of H5N8 highly pathogenic avian influenza virus (clade 2.3.4.4a) among ducks, chickens and turkeys.
Poxvirus encoded eIF2alpha homolog, K3 family proteins, is a key determinant of poxvirus host species specificity.
TF protein of Sindbis virus antagonizes host type I interferon responses in a palmitoylation-dependent manner.
Whitefly HES1 binds to the intergenic region of Tomato yellow leaf curl China virus and promotes viral gene transcription.
Transcriptional profiling indicates cAMP-driven reversal of HIV latency in monocytes occurs via transcription factor SP-1.
Chalcid wasp paleoviruses bridge the evolutionary gap between bracoviruses and nudiviruses.
Intraluminal vesicles of binucleate trophoblast cell granules are a possible source of placental exosomes in ruminants.
Emergence of coagulase-negative staphylococci.
Overlapping and discrete aspects of the pathology and pathogenesis of the emerging human pathogenic coronaviruses SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV, and 2019-nCoV.
Does SARS-CoV-2 has a longer incubation period than SARS and MERS?
Gut microorganisms and their metabolites modulate the severity of acute colitis in a tryptophan metabolism-dependent manner.
Transmission of NS5A resistance associated substitutions among men-who-have-sex-with-men recently infected with hepatitis C virus genotype 1a.
Benchmarking tomographic acquisition schemes for high-resolution structural biology.
Prophylactic and therapeutic remdesivir (GS-5734) treatment in the rhesus macaque model of MERS-CoV infection.
LIN9 and NEK2 are core regulators of mitotic fidelity that can be therapeutically targeted to overcome taxane resistance.
Gut-brain Axis and migraine headache: a comprehensive review.
An Engineered Microvirin Variant with Identical Structural Domains Potently Inhibits Human Immunodeficiency Virus and Hepatitis C Virus Cellular Entry.
Mosquito-Independent Transmission of West Nile virus in Farmed Saltwater Crocodiles (Crocodylus porosus).
Astrocyte Infection during Rabies Encephalitis Depends on the Virus Strain and Infection Route as Demonstrated by Novel Quantitative 3D Analysis of Cell Tropism.
Longitudinal Human Antibody Repertoire against Complete Viral Proteome from Ebola Virus Survivor Reveals Protective Sites for Vaccine Design.
Bacteriophages Isolated from Stunted Children Can Regulate Gut Bacterial Communities in an Age-Specific Manner.
Uncovering the Anti-Ebola Repertome.
In vitro and ex vivo testing of alternative disinfectants to currently used more harmful substances in footbaths against Dichelobacter nodosus.
Low maternal vitamin D is associated with increased risk of congenital and peri/postnatal transmission of Cytomegalovirus in women with HIV.
Protective immunity elicited by the nematode-conserved As37 recombinant protein against Ascaris suum infection.
Persons Evaluated for 2019 Novel Coronavirus - United States, January 2020.
Elevated serum levels of adiponectin and interlukin-28B after IFN/RIB therapy in hepatitis C virus-infected patients.
Infections without borders: a new coronavirus in Wuhan, China.
Evaluating predictive markers for viral rebound and safety assessment in blood and lumbar fluid during HIV-1 treatment interruption.
Early HIV infection is associated with reduced proportions of gamma delta T subsets as well as high creatinine and urea levels.
Serological testing for infectious diseases markers of donor specimens from 24 h after death show no significant change in outcomes from other specimens.
Author Correction: On-chip recapitulation of clinical bone marrow toxicities and patient-specific pathophysiology.
GLUT5-mediated fructose utilization drives lung cancer growth by stimulating fatty acid synthesis and AMPK/mTORC1 signaling.
Management of hepatitis B in the era of checkpoint inhibition.
Mutational functional analysis of the pseudorabies virus nuclear egress complex - nucleocapsid interaction.
Mucin-like domain of Ebola virus glycoprotein enhances selective oncolytic actions against brain tumors.
Degradation of the Incretin Hormone Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 (GLP-1) by Enterococcus faecalis Metalloprotease GelE.
Humoral immune response of pigs, Sus scrofa domesticus, upon repeated exposure to blood-feeding by Ornithodoros turicata Duges (Ixodida: Argasidae).
Evolution of the Plasmodium vivax multidrug resistance 1 gene in the Greater Mekong Subregion during malaria elimination.
Onchocerca jakutensis ocular infection in Poland: a new vector-borne human health risk?
High anti-Ascaris seroprevalence in fattening pigs in Sichuan, China, calls for improved management strategies.
The quail genome: insights into social behaviour, seasonal biology and infectious disease response.
Haemosporidioses in wild Eurasian blackbirds (Turdus merula) and song thrushes (T. philomelos): an in situ hybridization study with emphasis on exo-erythrocytic parasite burden.
GsmPlot: a web server to visualize epigenome data in NCBI.
Emergency Foot-and-Mouth Disease Vaccines A Malaysia 97 and A22 Iraq 64 Offer Good Protection against Heterologous Challenge with A Variant Serotype A ASIA/G-IX/SEA-97 Lineage Virus.
Interferon-gamma Possesses Anti-Microbial and Immunomodulatory Activity on a Chlamydia Trachomatis Infection Model of Primary Human Synovial Fibroblasts.
Predominance of a Drifted Influenza A (H3N2) Clade and its Association with Age-specific Influenza Vaccine Effectiveness Variations, Influenza Season 2018-2019.
Medical care or clinical research on humans? Contaminated anti-D immunoglobulin in the GDR and its consequences.
Evaluation of Bead-Based Assays for the Isolation of Foodborne Viruses from Low-Moisture Foods.
Legionellosis Complicated by Invasive Aspergillosis in a Patient With Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Effectiveness, immunogenicity, and safety of influenza vaccines with MF59 adjuvant in healthy people of different age groups: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
High resistance to reverse transcriptase inhibitors among persons infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 subtype circulating recombinant form 02_AG in Ghana and on antiretroviral therapy.
Development, Implementation, and Evaluation of Treatment Guidelines for Herpes Simplex Keratitis in Sydney, Australia.
Virological Outcome After Choice of Antiretroviral Regimen Guided by Proviral HIV-1 DNA Genotyping in a Real-Life Cohort of HIV-Infected Patients.
Persistent gamma delta T-cell dysfunction in HCV/HIV co-infection despite direct-acting antiviral therapy induced cure.
Quorum Regulation via Nested Antagonistic Feedback Circuits Mediated by the Receptors CD28 and CTLA-4 Confers Robustness to T Cell Population Dynamics.
Targeting Macrophage Histone H3 Modification as a Leishmania Strategy to Dampen the NF-kappaB/NLRP3-Mediated Inflammatory Response.
Discovery of O-Linked Carbohydrate on HIV-1 Envelope and Its Role in Shielding against One Category of Broadly Neutralizing Antibodies.
Transcriptional Correlates of Tolerance and Lethality in Mice Predict Ebola Virus Disease Patient Outcomes.
Universal Human Papillomavirus Vaccination And Impact In A Southern Italian Region.
Are we ready for the new fatal Coronavirus: scenario of Pakistan?
A Genome Editing Nanomachine Constructed with a Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats System and Activated by Near-Infrared Illumination.
Cholera outbreak in Aurangabad, Maharashtra, western India.
A virus precipitation method for concentration &amp; detection of avian influenza viruses from environmental water resources &amp; its possible application in outbreak investigations.
Bat origin of a new human coronavirus: there and back again.
Epigenetic crosstalk in chronic infection with HIV-1.
Occurrence of Hepatitis E Virus in Pigs and Pork Cuts and Organs at the Time of Slaughter, Spain, 2017.
Coronavirus: hospitals must learn from past pandemics.
As coronavirus spreads, the time to think about the next epidemic is now.
China: clamp down on violations of wildlife trade ban.
Fusion mechanism of 2019-nCoV and fusion inhibitors targeting HR1 domain in spike protein.
Variant morphology and random chromosomal integration of BK polyomavirus in posttransplant urothelial carcinomas.
Ticks on the Channel Islands and implications for public health.
Validation of an Aptima-format Finnish new variant of Chlamydia trachomatis (FI-nvCT) surveillance assay, 2019.
Laboratory readiness and response for novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in expert laboratories in 30 EU/EEA countries, January 2020.
Two novel porcine teschovirus strains as the causative agents of encephalomyelitis in the Netherlands.
Prevalence of syphilis in female sex workers in three countryside cities of the state of Para, Brazilian Amazon.
Correction to: Clinical experience with a novel assay measuring cytomegalovirus (CMV)-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell immunity by flow cytometry and intracellular cytokine staining to predict clinically significant CMV events.
Genetic Diversity and Phylogenetic Analysis of Human Bocavirus 2 in Pediatric Patients with Acute Gastroenteritis in Taiwan.
A Novel Combined Scientific and Artistic Approach for the Advanced Characterization of Interactomes: The Akirin/Subolesin Model.
Nanoscale Structure Determination of Murray Valley Encephalitis and Powassan Virus Non-Coding RNAs.
Reduce and Control: A Combinatorial Strategy for Achieving Sustained HIV Remissions in the Absence of Antiretroviral Therapy.
Determining Ancestry between Rodent- and Human-Derived Virus Sequences in Endemic Foci: Towards a More Integral Molecular Epidemiology of Lassa Fever within West Africa.
A highly sensitive one-tube nested quantitative Real-Time PCR assay for specific detection of Bordetella pertussis using the LNA technique.
LONG-TERM IMMUNITY TO MEASLES AFTER ALLOGENEIC HAEMATOPOIETIC CELL TRANSPLANTATION: FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH SEROPROTECTION BEFORE REVACCINATION: Immunity to measles after HCT.
Bacterial biofilm in colorectal cancer: What is the real mechanism of action?
HIV-1 subtypes and drug resistance mutations among female sex workers varied in different cities and regions of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A population-based screening for hepatitis C antibodies and active infection using a point-of-care test in a low prevalence area.
Differential decay of intact and defective proviral DNA in HIV-1-infected individuals on suppressive antiretroviral therapy.
High-risk human papillomaviruses distribution in Romanian women with negative cytology.
Modulation of cyclic topology toward enhanced drug delivery, from linear and tadpole-like to dumbbell-shaped copolymers.
Upregulation of SOX11 enhances tamoxifen resistance and promotes epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition via slug in MCF-7 breast cancer cells.
Zika virus infection in asymptomatic persons in Myanmar, 2018.
Clinical efficacy of amoxicillin/clavulanate plus cefditoren as de-escalation combination therapy for endocarditis due to strongly biofilm-forming Enterococcus faecalis.
Bringing phylogeny and clinical microbiology together.
A new Rhodococcus aetherivorans strain isolated from lubricant-contaminated soil as a prospective phenol-biodegrading agent.
Evolution of Avian orthoavulavirus 16 in wild avifauna of Central Asia.
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Bloodstream Infections Caused by New Delhi Metallo-beta-Lactamase-Producing Enterobacterales During a Regional Outbreak.
Differences in Transcriptional Dynamics Between T-cells and Macrophages as Determined by a Three-State Mathematical Model.
Temporal dynamics of protein complex formation and dissociation during human cytomegalovirus infection.
HIV-1 acquired drug resistance to integrase inhibitors in a cohort of antiretroviral therapy multi-experienced Mexican patients failing to raltegravir: a cross-sectional study.
Healthy pregnancies and essential fats: focus group discussions with Zambian women on dietary need and acceptability of a novel RUSF containing fish oil DHA.
Genome analysis of coxsackievirus B1 isolates during the consecutive alternating administration course of triple antiviral combination in newborn mice.
[The estimation of the hepatitis E proportion in the etiological structure of acute viral hepatitis in certain regions of of Kyrgyzstan.]
CDK1 couples proliferation with protein synthesis.
Antimicrobial usage at a large teaching hospital in Lusaka, Zambia.
Host factor prioritization for pan-viral genetic perturbation screens using random intercept models and network propagation.
Serological and molecular investigation of hepatitis E virus in pigs reservoirs from Cameroon reveals elevated seroprevalence and presence of genotype 3.
Is PD-1 blockade a potential therapy for HBV?
Using CRISPR/Cas9 to model human liver disease.
Hepatitis E Virus Cysteine Protease Has Papain Like Properties Validated by in silico Modeling and Cell-Free Inhibition Assays.
CD4 T Cell Determinants in West Nile Virus Disease and Asymptomatic Infection.
Current Status of Latency Reversing Agents Facing the Heterogeneity of HIV-1 Cellular and Tissue Reservoirs.
Bacteriophages as an Up-and-Coming Alternative to the Use of Sulfur Dioxide in Winemaking.
Herpes Simplex Virus 1-Induced Blood-Brain Barrier Damage Involves Apoptosis Associated With GM130-Mediated Golgi Stress.
Diagnostic accuracy of self-collected vaginal samples for HPV DNA detection in women from South India.
Tropomodulins Control the Balance between Protrusive and Contractile Structures by Stabilizing Actin-Tropomyosin Filaments.
Protecting-Group-Mediated Diastereoselective Synthesis of C4 \' -Methylated Uridine Analogs and their Activity against the Human Respiratory Syncytial Virus.
Approaches to optimize therapeutic bacteriophage and bacteriophage-derived products to combat bacterial infections.
Comparative multi-assay evaluation of Determine  HIV-1/2 Ag/Ab Combo rapid diagnostic tests in acute and chronic HIV infection.
Herpesviruses in the oral cavity of patients subjected to allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation and its relationship with oral mucositis.
Persistence of coronaviruses on inanimate surfaces and its inactivation with biocidal agents.
Detection of tick-borne encephalitis virus in the UK.
Evaluation and optimisation of commercial Zika IgG avidity assay.
Fatal human coronavirus 229E (HCoV 229E) and RSV-Related pneumonia in an AIDS patient from Colombia.
Inactivation of foot-and-mouth disease virus A/IRN/8/2015 with commercially available lysis buffers.
Genome Composition and Divergence of the Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Originating in China.
First isolation of foot and mouth disease virus from wild boars in the Middle East.
Poor response to Hepatitis A Vaccination in Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant Recipients.
Torque Teno virus for risk stratification of graft rejection and infection in kidney transplant recipients - A prospective observational trial.
Clinical Features and Treatment of 2019-nCov Pneumonia Patients in Wuhan: Report of A Couple Cases.
Complete genome sequence of a new member of the genus Badnavirus from red pitaya (Hylocereus polyrhizus).
In vitro-generated alloantigen-specific Th9 cells mediate antileukemia cytotoxicity in the absence of graft-versus-host disease.
Causes of fever in Gabonese children: a cross-sectional hospital-based study.
Virological, immunological and pathological findings of transplacentally transmitted bluetongue virus serotype 1 in IFNAR1-blocked mice during early and mid gestation.
Microtubules as Sub-Cellular Memristors.
APOBEC3B-mediated corruption of the tumor cell immunopeptidome induces heteroclitic neoepitopes for cancer immunotherapy.
Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever presenting with acute compartment syndrome of the extremities (think beyond normal infections).
Essential concepts are missing: Foreign DNA in food invades the organisms \'  cells and can lead to stochastic epigenetic alterations with a wide range of possible pathogenetic consequences.
ClpP participates in stress tolerance, biofilm formation, antimicrobial tolerance, and virulence of Enterococcus faecalis.
Heterogeneous Responses of Gastric Cancer Cell Lines to Tenovin-6 and Synergistic Effect with Chloroquine.
The Serological Prevalence of Rabies Virus-Neutralizing Antibodies in the Bat Population on the Caribbean Island of Trinidad.
Antiviral Effect of Epigallocatechin Gallate via Impairing Porcine Circovirus Type 2 Attachment to Host Cell Receptor.
Impact of the Interaction of Hepatitis B Virus with Mitochondria and Associated Proteins.
Impact of Tree Pollen Distribution on Allergic Diseases in Serbia: Evidence of Implementation of Allergen Immunotherapy to Betula verrucosa.
Pathogenicity and Transmissibility of 2019-nCoV-A Quick Overview and Comparison with Other Emerging Viruses.
Bacteria and cancer: Different sides of the same coin.
Multiplex PCR implementation as point of care testing in a French Emergency Department.
Novel coronavirus is putting the whole world on alert.
"Coinfection of H1N1 Influenza and Scrub Typhus: A Review".
Novel variants of respiratory syncytial virus A ON1 associated with increased clinical severity of bronchiolitis.
Molecular pathway of influenza pan-neuraminidase inhibitor resistance in an immunocompromised patient.
Genital herpes zoster in an immunocompetent child.
The role of nucleolar spindle-associated protein 1 in human ovarian cancer.
2019-novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV): estimating the case fatality rate - a word of caution.
Designing a multifaceted bio-interface nanofiber tissue-engineered tubular scaffold graft to promote neo-vascularization for urethral regeneration.
Determinants of Asymptomatic Bacteriuria in HIV-positive and Negative Pregnant Women in Sagamu, South-West Nigeria.
Tumor Microenvironment Conditioning by Abortive Lytic Replication of Oncogenic gamma-Herpesviruses.
Prevalence of torque viruses in HIV-infected and non-HIV-infected Nigerian subjects: analysis of near-full-length genome sequences.
Phylogeography of Kyasanur Forest Disease virus in India (1957-2017) reveals evolution and spread in the Western Ghats region.
Nanopore-Based Complete Genome Sequence of a Sri Lankan Cassava Mosaic Virus (Geminivirus) Strain from Thailand.
Full genome based sequence and structural characterization of an unusual group A rotavirus G12P[11] isolated from neonates in Pune, western India.
Bacterial Biofilm and its Role in the Pathogenesis of Disease.
Estimating the Risk of Human Herpesvirus 6 and Cytomegalovirus Transmission to Ugandan Infants from Viral Shedding in Saliva by Household Contacts.
Pathogenetic Potential Relating to Metabolic Activity in a Mouse Model of Infection with the Chikungunya Virus East/Central/South African Genotype.
Initial Public Health Response and Interim Clinical Guidance for the 2019 Novel Coronavirus Outbreak - United States, December 31, 2019-February 4, 2020.
[Possibility of treatment chronic adenoiditis and otitis media with effusion in children, into account the role of the microbiota of the mucous of the nasopharynx].
[Relationship between Polymorphism in ALOX5, ALOX5AP and Susceptibility to Myeloid Leukemia].
HIV care among elderly population: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Disseminated ulcers with sporotrichoid distribution.
- No Title -
The relationship between oral diseases and infectious complications in patients under dialysis.
Peculiarities in the designations of hepatitis B virus genes, their products, and their antigenic specificities: a potential source of misunderstandings.
PD-L1 expression and survival in p16-negative and -positive squamous cell carcinomas of the vulva.
Overexpression of the human cytomegalovirus UL111A is correlated with favorable survival of patients with gastric cancer and changes T-cell infiltration and suppresses carcinogenesis.
Villitis of unknown etiology and chronic deciduitis are not associated with human papilloma virus and enterovirus infection.
Authorship and citation gender trends in immunology and microbiology.
A new class of broadly neutralizing antibodies that target the glycan loop of Zika virus envelope protein.
Overview and detectability of the genetic modifications in ornamental plants.
The landscape of viral associations in human cancers.
Editorial expression of concern: Cdc6 expression is induced by HPV16 E6 and E7 oncogenes and represses E-cadherin expression.
Bridging the gap: virus long distance spread via tunneling nanotubes.
Ovine herpesvirus 2 encodes a previously unrecognized protein, pOv8.25, that targets mitochondria and triggers apoptotic cell death.
Integrating Comprehensive Geriatric Assessment Into HIV Care Systems in Indonesia: A Synthesis of Recent Evidence.
Robustness of Serologic Investigations for Chikungunya and Mayaro Viruses following Coemergence.
Satisfaction with high-resolution anoscopy for anal cancer screening among men who have sex with men: a cross-sectional survey in Abuja, Nigeria.
Genetic Adjuvants in Replicating Single-Cycle Adenovirus Vectors Amplify Systemic and Mucosal Immune Responses against HIV-1 Envelope.
Novel Biomarkers of Hepatitis B and Hepatocellular Carcinoma: Clinical Significance of HBcrAg and M2BPGi.
Epidemiological characteristics of 2019 novel coronavirus: an interim review.
[Reply to the comments on 2019 Chinese guidelines for the prevention and treatment of mother-to-child transmission of hepatitis B virus].
First report of a canine morbillivirus infection in a giant anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla) in Brazil.
Detection of hepatitis B virus infection in German blood donors 2008-2015.
Analysis of a Therapeutic Antibody Cocktail Reveals Determinants for Cooperative and Broad Ebolavirus Neutralization.
OTUB1 Is a Key Regulator of RIG-I-Dependent Immune Signaling and Is Targeted for Proteasomal Degradation by Influenza A NS1.
Neonatal Rhesus Macaques Have Distinct Immune Cell Transcriptional Profiles following HIV Envelope Immunization.
Extranodal Natural Killer T-Cell Lymphoma.
The dual-target approach in viral HIV-1 viremia testing: An added value to virological monitoring?
The genome of Setaria digitata, a cattle nematode closely related to human filarial parasites.
ICTV Virus Taxonomy Profile: Herelleviridae.
Acute wound infections management: the "Don \' ts" from a multidisciplinary expert panel.
Toward unified molecular surveillance of RSV: A proposal for genotype definition.
Iron intake is positively associated with viral load in antiretroviral naive Brazilian men living with HIV.
Pharmacogene Variation in Thai Plasmodium vivax Relapse Patients Treated with a Combination of Primaquine and Chloroquine.
Distribution of Genes Encoding Virulence Factors and the Genetic Diversity of Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC) Isolates from Patients with Diarrhea in Ahvaz, Iran.
Does Antiretroviral Therapy Packaging Matter? Perceptions and Preferences of Antiretroviral Therapy Packaging for People Living with HIV in Northern Tanzania.
Using a Self-Administered Electronic Adherence Questionnaire to Identify Poor Adherence Amongst Adolescents and Young Adults on First-Line Antiretroviral Therapy in Johannesburg, South Africa.
RNA based mNGS approach identifies a novel human coronavirus from two individual pneumonia cases in 2019 Wuhan outbreak.
Tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand as a therapeutic option in urothelial cancer cells with acquired resistance against first-line chemotherapy.
Calling all coronavirus researchers: keep sharing, stay open.
China coronavirus: labs worldwide scramble to analyse live samples.
Reactivation of latent HIV moves shock-and-kill treatments forward.
Synergism between Corynebacterium and Streptococcus sanguinis reveals new interactions between oral commensals.
Circulating serum HBsAg level is a biomarker for HBV-specific T and B cell responses in chronic hepatitis B patients.
Remdesivir and chloroquine effectively inhibit the recently emerged novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in vitro.
Microbiome studies in the medical sciences and the need for closer multidisciplinary interplay.
Improved anti-tumor efficacy of chimeric antigen receptor T cells that secrete single-domain antibody fragments.
The role of CD68+ macrophage in classical Hodgkin lymphoma patients from Egypt.
Wound infection with Vibrio harveyi following a traumatic leg amputation after a motorboat propeller injury in Mallorca, Spain: a case report and review of literature.
Neoleukin-2 enhances anti-tumour immunity downstream of peptide vaccination targeted by an anti-MHC class II VHH.
Host Transcription Factors in Hepatitis B Virus RNA Synthesis.
Lyophilized Matrix Containing Ready-to-Use Primers and Probe Solution for Standardization of Real-Time PCR and RT-qPCR Diagnostics in Virology.
Measures for diagnosing and treating infections by a novel coronavirus responsible for a pneumonia outbreak originating in Wuhan, China.
Effect of Environmental Temperature on the Ability of Culex tarsalis and Aedes taeniorhynchus (Diptera: Culicidae) to Transmit Rift Valley Fever Virus.
Viral reactivations following hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in pediatric patients - A single center 11-year analysis.
Impact of flavivirus vaccine-induced immunity on primary Zika virus antibody response in humans.
Epidemiological trends in HCV transmission and prevalence in the Viennese HIV+ population.
Hepatitis B subviral envelope particles use the COPII machinery for intracellular transport via selective exploitation of Sec24A and Sec23B.
Environmental and Anthropogenic Factors Associated with Increased Malaria Incidence in South-Kivu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Truly continuous low pH viral inactivation for biopharmaceutical process integration.
Synergistic China-US Ecological Research is Essential for Global Emerging Infectious Disease Preparedness.
Genetic diversity of group A rotaviruses in Moscow in 2018-2019.
Bovine papillomavirus prostate cancer antigen virus-like particle vaccines are efficacious in advanced cancers in the TRAMP mouse spontaneous prostate cancer model.
Comprehensive analysis of long noncoding RNA and mRNA in five colorectal cancer tissues and five normal tissues.
Repeated Syphilis Episodes in HIV-Infected Men Who Have Sex With Men: A Multicenter Prospective Cohort Study on Risk Factors and the Potential Role of Syphilis Immunity.
Checkpoint inhibitors and progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy: friends of foes?
ATP sulfurylase activity of sulfate-reducing bacteria from various ecotopes.
Potent Zika and dengue cross-neutralizing antibodies induced by Zika vaccination in a dengue-experienced donor.
Combination anti-HIV-1 antibody therapy is associated with increased virus-specific T cell immunity.
A pneumonia outbreak associated with a new coronavirus of probable bat origin.
Basal Level Effects of (p)ppGpp in the Absence of Branched Chain Amino Acids in Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae.
Development of an antibody cocktail for treatment of Sudan virus infection.
Approbation of the Cancer Treatment Approach Based on the Eradication of TAMRA+ Cancer Stem Cells in a Model of Murine Cyclophosphamide Resistant Lymphosarcoma.
Prostate and breast cancer cells death induced by xanthohumol investigated with Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy.
Novel metric for evaluating pre-exposure prophylaxis programme effectiveness in real-world settings.
Fecal microbiota transplantation to maintain remission in Crohn \' s disease: a pilot randomized controlled study.
Non-polio enteroviruses among healthy children in the Philippines.
Dysregulation of TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma expression is a common host immune response in a chronically infected mouse model of melioidosis when comparing multiple human strains of Burkholderia pseudomallei.
Epidemiology of acute rubella infection in Zambia during the pre-vaccination period (2005-2016) as a baseline for monitoring rubella epidemiology in the post-rubella vaccine introduction era.
Exosomes and Lung cancer: Roles in pathophysiology, diagnosis and therapeutic applications.
Delayed recognition of Ebola virus disease is associated with longer and larger outbreaks.
Identification of pyrvinium pamoate as an anti-tuberculosis agent in vitro and in vivo by SOSA approach amongst known drugs.
Patchy Occurrence of Cowpox Virus in Voles from Germany.
Safety Profile of a Multi-Antigenic DNA Vaccine Against Hepatitis C Virus.
Immunogenicity of HIV-1 Vaccines Expressing Chimeric Envelope Glycoproteins on the Surface of Pr55 Gag Virus-Like Particles.
West Nile or Usutu Virus? A Three-Year Follow-Up of Humoral and Cellular Response in a Group of Asymptomatic Blood Donors.
Comparison of the Pathogenicity in Mice of A(H1N1)pdm09 Viruses Isolated between 2009 and 2015 in Japan.
Human Cytomegalovirus Reactivation During Lactation: Impact of Antibody Kinetics and Neutralization in Blood and Breast Milk.
Entomological Assessment of the Status and Risk of Mosquito-borne Arboviral Transmission in Ghana.
Mechanisms of Mixed Th1/Th2 Responses in Mice Induced by Albizia julibrissin Saponin Active Fraction by in Silico Analysis.
Compliance of clinical microbiology laboratories with recommendations for the diagnosis of bloodstream infections: Data from a nationwide survey in Italy.
Periodontal disease and detection of human herpesviruses in saliva and gingival crevicular fluid of chronic kidney disease patients.
The expression patterns of immune response genes in the Peripheral Blood Mononuclear cells of pregnant women presenting with subclinical or clinical HEV infection are different and trimester-dependent: A whole transcriptome analysis.
Epidemiology of Congenital Rubella Syndrome (CRS) in India, 2016-18, based on data from sentinel surveillance.
Intestinal ulcers as an initial finding in EBV-associated lymphoproliferative disorder: A case report.
Epstein-Barr virus-associated hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis in a small child: A case report.
IDENTIFICATION AND ANTIBIOTIC SUSCEPTIBILITY PATTERNS OF STREPTOCOCCUS AGALACTIAE.
Accelerated viral dynamics in bat cell lines, with implications for zoonotic emergence.
Epidemiological aspects of the outcomes from the treatment of endometriosis: Experience from two different geographical areas.
Application of a Reverse Genetic System for Beet Necrotic Yellow Vein Virus to Study Rz1 Resistance Response in Sugar Beet.
Molecular Evolution of the Fusion Protein (F) Gene in Human Respirovirus 3.
The RNA-dependent RNA polymerase of enterovirus A71 associates with ribosomal proteins and positively regulates protein translation.
Association of CD4/CD8 Ratio with Viral Load, Genotype and Cirrhosis in Chronic Hepatitis C.
Identification of animal hosts of Fort Sherman virus, a New World zoonotic orthobunyavirus.
Evolution of the novel coronavirus from the ongoing Wuhan outbreak and modeling of its spike protein for risk of human transmission.
Concurrent Initiation of Hepatitis C and Opioid Use Disorder Treatment in People Who Inject Drugs.
Development of a quantitative real-time RT-PCR assay that differentiates between Kyasanur Forest disease virus and Alkhurma hemorrhagic fever virus.
Molecular discrimination of Hyalomma tick species serving as reservoirs and vectors for Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus in sub-Saharan Africa.
Risk of vulvar, vaginal and anal high-grade intraepithelial neoplasia and cancer according to cervical human papillomavirus (HPV) status: A population-based prospective cohort study.
Genetic characterization of VP1 of coxsackieviruses A2, A4, and A10 associated with hand, foot, and mouth disease in Vietnam in 2012-2017: endemic circulation and emergence of new HFMD-causing lineages.
Four-year long (2014-2017) clinical and laboratory surveillance of hepatitis E virus infections using combined antibody, molecular, antigen and avidity detection methods: Increasing incidence and chronic HEV case in Hungary.
Enterovirus D68 outbreak detection through a syndromic disease epidemiology network.
Maraviroc attenuates the pathogenesis of experimental autoimmune encephalitis.
Adaption and Parallel Evolution of Human-Isolated H5 Avian Influenza Viruses.
On detection thresholds - a review on diagnostic approaches in the infectious disease laboratory and the interpretation of their results.
Increased production and comprehensive guidelines needed for HPV vaccine.
Genomic characterisation and epidemiology of 2019 novel coronavirus: implications for virus origins and receptor binding.
Epidemiological and clinical characteristics of 99 cases of 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan, China: a descriptive study.
Isothermal microcalorimetry minimal inhibitory concentration testing in extensively drug resistant Gram-negative bacilli - A multicenter study.
Strain specificities in influence of ageing on germinal centre reaction to inactivated influenza virus antigens in mice: Sex-based differences.
Premature Infants with RSV: the Need for Both Maternal and Pediatric RSV Prevention Strategies.
Clinical role of viral identification by a polymerase chain reaction-based diagnostic panel in adults hospitalized with community-acquired pneumonia.
Structural basis for Glycan-receptor binding by mumps virus hemagglutinin-neuraminidase.
Performance comparison of next generation sequencing analysis pipelines for HIV-1 drug resistance testing.
miR-548x and miR-4698 controlled cell proliferation by affecting the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in Glioblastoma cell lines.
Response to the emerging novel coronavirus outbreak.
Design, synthesis and anti-HBV activity evaluation of new substituted imidazo[4,5-b]pyridines.
Virus goes viral: an educational kit for virology classes.
An emerging coronavirus causing pneumonia outbreak in Wuhan, China: calling for developing therapeutic and prophylactic strategies.
Full-genome evolutionary analysis of the novel corona virus (2019-nCoV) rejects the hypothesis of emergence as a result of a recent recombination event.
Acarbose, as a potential drug, effectively blocked the dynamic metastasis of EV71 from the intestine to the whole body.
Novel Hepatitis B virus Subgenotype A8 and Quasi-subgenotype D12 in African-Belgian chronic carriers.
TRPC channels: Structure, function, regulation and recent advances in small molecular probes.
Restriction of HIV-1 Escape by a Highly Broad and Potent Neutralizing Antibody.
Novel monoclonal antibodies against Australian strains of negeviruses and insights into virus structure, replication and host -restriction.
Dynamics of the occurrence of influenza in relation to seasonal variation in Chennai, Tamil Nadu: A 7 -year cumulative study.
Hepatitis B virus X protein: The X factor in chronic hepatitis B virus disease progression.
Population structure of KPC carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in a long-term acute-care rehabilitation facility: identification of a new lineage of clonal group 101, associated with local hyperendemicity.
PARP1 V762A polymorphism affects the prognosis of myelodysplastic syndromes.
Cerebrospinal fluid pleocytosis as a predictive factor for CSF and plasma HIV RNA discordance and escape.
A novel narnavirus from a Saccharomyces cerevisiae flor strain.
Molecular and serological prevalence of influenza A viruses in poultry and poultry farmers in the Ashanti region, Ghana.
Structure of the prefusion-locking broadly neutralizing antibody RVC20 bound to the rabies virus glycoprotein.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Legionella longbeachae Serogroup 2 Isolate Derived from a Patient with Legionnaires \'  Disease.
Reference Human Rotavirus A Genome Sequence from a Previously Vaccinated Child with Diarrhea in Nigeria.
Structural basis of second-generation HIV integrase inhibitor action and viral resistance.
High-throughput sequencing (HTS) for the analysis of viral populations.
Knockdown of Virus Antigen Expression Increases Therapeutic Vaccine Efficacy in High-titer HBV Carrier Mice.
Seroprevalence of chikungunya virus infection in five hospitals within anyigba, kogi State of Nigeria.
Analysis of viral diversity in stool samples from infants and children with acute gastroenteritis in Kuwait using Metagenomics approach.
High rates of cirrhosis and severe clinical events in patients with HBV/HDV co-infection: longitudinal analysis of a German cohort.
What constitutes a neglected tropical disease?
Antiviral drugs for influenza.
Therapeutic Potential of Bauhinia forficata Link in Dental Biofilm Treatment.
Neuroprotective effect of deferoxamine on erastininduced ferroptosis in primary cortical neurons.
Find the Missing Millions: Malaysia \' s Experience with Nationwide Hepatitis C Screening Campaign in the General Population.
Longitudinal study of rotavirus C VP6 genotype I6 in diarrheic piglets up to 1 week old.
The Contribution of Photodynamic Inactivation vs. Corsodyl Mouthwash to the Control of Streptococcus mutans Biofilms.
Multicolor two-photon imaging of in vivo cellular pathophysiology upon influenza virus infection using the two-photon IMPRESS.
The Japanese Encephalitis Virus NS1 \'  Protein Inhibits Type I IFN Production by Targeting MAVS.
Characterization of Mollivirus kamchatka, the first modern representative of the proposed Molliviridae family of giant viruses.
An alphaherpesvirus exploits antimicrobial beta-defensins to initiate respiratory tract infection.
Effect of HIV Envelope Vaccination on the Subsequent Antibody Response to HIV Infection.
Discovery of Bat Coronaviruses through Surveillance and Probe Capture-Based Next-Generation Sequencing.
NGF (-198C &gt; T, Ala35Val) and p75NTR (Ser205Leu) gene mutations are associated with liver function in different histopathological profiles of the patients with chronic viral hepatitis in the Brazilian Amazon.
Chronic Viral Infection Promotes Efficient Germinal Center B Cell Responses.
World neglected tropical diseases day.
Comparative specificity and sensitivity of NS1-based serological assays for the detection of flavivirus immune response.
Respiratory syncytial virus infection: why does disease severity vary among individuals?
Natural Products as a paradigm for the treatment of Coxsackievirus-induced myocarditis.
Blocking entry of hepatitis B and D viruses to hepatocytes as a novel immunotherapy for treating chronic infections.
Response to direct-acting antiviral agents in chronic hepatitis C patients with end-stage renal disease: a clinical experience.
Co-infection withStaphylococcus aureusafter primary influenza virus infection leads to damage of the endothelium in a human alveolus-on-a-chip model.
Ten fatty acyl-CoA reductase family genes were essential for the survival of the destructive rice pest, Nilaparvata lugens.
Epidemiology and microbiology of prosthetic joint infections: a nine-year, single-center experience in Pavia, Northern Italy.
Clonal dissemination of high-level gentamicin-resistant isolates of Enterococcus faecalis within a university hospital in southeastern Iran.
A classic and fatal case of Streptococcus mutans subacute bacterial endocarditis; A now potentially underappreciated disease.
Surface Charge Mapping on Virions and Virus-Like Particles of Helical Plant Viruses.
Antimicrobial peptides of the vaginal innate immunity and their role in the fight against sexually transmitted diseases.
Lack of gene flow between Phytophthora infestans populations of two neighboring countries with the largest potato production.
Molecular Evolution of the Protease Region in Norovirus Genogroup II.
Role of the End-Point Mediators of Sympathoadrenal and Sympathoneural Stress Axes in the Pathogenesis of Experimental Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis and Multiple Sclerosis.
A computational approach to the study of interactions between proteins and miR10-b, miR-335, and miR-21 involved in breast cancer.
Incrimination of mosquito vectors.
This scientist hopes to test coronavirus drugs on animals in locked-down Wuhan.
China coronavirus: Six questions scientists are asking.
A class I cytosolic HSP20 of rice enhances heat and salt tolerance in different organisms.
Potent inhibition of HIV replication in primary human cells by novel synthetic polyketides inspired by Aureothin.
Advanced identification of global bioactivity hotspots via screening of the metabolic fingerprint of entire ecosystems.
Sleep disorders in Wilson disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pre-emptive genomic surveillance of emerging ebolaviruses.
Note from the editors: novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV).
Detection of 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) by real-time RT-PCR.
Novel Chronic Mouse Model of Cerebral Cavernous Malformations.
Optimized Hepatitis E Virus (HEV) Culture and its Application to Measurements of HEV Infectivity.
Clinical Manifestations, Pathogenesis and Treatment of Hepatitis E Virus Infections.
Mechanism- and Immune Landscape-Based Ranking of Therapeutic Responsiveness of 22 Major Human Cancers to Next Generation Anti-CTLA-4 Antibodies.
openPrimeR for multiplex amplification of highly diverse templates.
AML1 protein interacts with Influenza A virus neuraminidase and upregulates IFNbeta response in infected mammalian cells.
CD2AP inhibits metastasis in gastric cancer by promoting cellular adhesion and cytoskeleton assembly.
Thirty years of CMV seroprevalence-a longitudinal analysis in a German university hospital.
Impact of Genetic and Nongenetic Factors on Body Mass Index and Waist-Hip Ratio Change in HIV-Infected Individuals Initiating Antiretroviral Therapy.
On-chip recapitulation of clinical bone marrow toxicities and patient-specific pathophysiology.
Sex differences in Tfh cell help to B cells contribute to sexual dimorphism in severity of rat collagen-induced arthritis.
High-complexity extracellular barcoding using a viral hemagglutinin.
Microbial Diversity and Composition is Associated with Patient-Reported Toxicity during Chemo radiation Therapy for Cervical Cancer.
Pandemic influenza A(H1N1pdm09) vaccine induced high levels of influenza-specific IgG and IgM antibodies as analyzed by enzyme immunoassay and dual-mode multiplex microarray immunoassay methods.
An ultrasensitive and visible lighting-up probe for imaging thiophenols in water samples, in serum and visualizing thiophenols-induced oxidative stress process in live cells.
The mitochondrial HSP90 paralog TRAP1 forms an OXPHOS-regulated tetramer and is involved in mitochondrial metabolic homeostasis.
T-lymphokine-activated killer cell-originated protein kinase (TOPK)-positive colorectal tumor growth is suppressed by acetylshikonin.
BK Polyomavirus-specific T Cells as a Diagnostic and Prognostic Marker for BK Polyomavirus Infections After Pediatric Kidney Transplantation.
Variability of CD4+ cell counts in HIV-1 uninfected volunteers who are eligible for a Phase I HIV vaccine study.
Overlooked side effects of organic farming inputs attract soil insect crop pests.
Anopheles daciae, a new country record for Finland.
Microencapsulated plasmids expressing Gn and Gc glycoproteins of Rift Valley Fever virus enhance humoral immune response in mice.
A recombinant infectious bronchitis virus from a chicken with a spike gene closely related to that of a turkey coronavirus.
RNA sequencing analyses of gene expressions in a canine macrophages cell line DH82 infected with canine distemper virus.
[Preventing cancer: The role of Papillomavirus vaccination in the general population].
Increased risk of HIV and other drug-related harms associated with injecting in public places: national bio-behavioural survey of people who inject drugs.
Detection of hepatitis E virus (rabbit genotype) in farmed rabbits entering the food chain.
GLOWORM-PARA: a flexible framework to simulate the population dynamics of the parasitic phase of gastrointestinal nematodes infecting grazing livestock.
Implementation of Bamboo and Monkey-pot traps for the sampling cavity-breeding mosquitoes in Darien, Panama.
Longitudinal assessment of the CXCL-10 blood and urine concentration in kidney transplant recipients with BK polyomavirus replication - a retrospective study.
Rimonabant suppresses RNA transcription of hepatitis B virus by inhibiting hepatocyte nuclear factor 4alpha.
Molecular Epidemiology of Norovirus Outbreaks in Argentina, 2013-2018.
Development and evaluation of a panel of multiplex one-tube nested real time PCR assay for simultaneous detection of fourteen respiratory viruses in five reactions.
Coronavirus Infections and Immune Responses.
Recommendations for the nomenclature of enteroviruses and rhinoviruses.
Identification and genomic characterization of a novel tobamovirus from prickly pear cactus.
Development of a cross-priming isothermal amplification assay based on the glycoprotein B gene for instant and rapid detection of feline herpesvirus type 1.
Molecular characterization of a novel botoulivirus from the phytopathogenic fungus Sclerotinia minor.
Characterization of the first bovine gammaherpesvirus 4 strain isolated from an aborted bovine fetus in Argentina.
ECM1 is an essential factor for the determination of M1 macrophage polarization in IBD in response to LPS stimulation.
High-resolution crystal structures of two prototypical beta- and gamma-herpesviral nuclear egress complexes unravel the determinants of subfamily specificity.
The Potential Economic Value of a Zika Vaccine for a Woman of Childbearing Age.
Osteogenesis imperfecta in a male Holstein calf associated with a possible oligogenic origin.
Identification and Characterization of pantocin wh-1, a Novel Cyclic Polypeptide Produced by Pantoea dispersa W18.
Humanized Mice in Dengue Research: A Comparison with Other Mouse Models.
The Potyviruses: An Evolutionary Synthesis Is Emerging.
Emerging Viruses without Borders: The Wuhan Coronavirus.
Defenses against Virus and Vector: A Phloem-Biological Perspective on RTM- and SLI1-Mediated Resistance to Potyviruses and Aphids.
Gastric Cancer in History: A Perspective Interdisciplinary Study.
A Novel Coronavirus from Patients with Pneumonia in China, 2019.
Global comparison of bicosoecid Cafeteria-like flagellates from the deep ocean and surface waters, with reorganization of the family Cafeteriaceae.
Lassa fever clinical course and setting a standard of care for future randomized trials: A protocol for a cohort study of Lassa-infected patients in Nigeria (LASCOPE).
Phylogenetic analyses reveal that simian foamy virus isolated from Japanese Yakushima macaques (Macaca fuscata yakui) is distinct from most of Japanese Hondo macaques (Macaca fuscata fuscata).
RNase 7 promotes sensing of self-DNA by human keratinocytes and activates an antiviral immune response.
Biotin interferences: Have we neglected the impact on serological markers?
A Novel Coronavirus Emerging in China - Key Questions for Impact Assessment.
Antibiotic prophylaxis to prevent spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in people with liver cirrhosis: a network meta-analysis.
PCR for the detection of pathogens in neonatal early onset sepsis.
Timing of Vaccination after Training: Immune Response and Side Effects in Athletes.
Postmortem Chikungunya Diagnosis: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Heterogeneity of Streptococcus anginosus ss-hemolysis in relation to CRISPR/Cas.
HIV MDR is still a relevant issue despite its dramatic drop over the years.
Monocytes as potential mediators of pathogen-induced Th17 differentiation in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC).
Women \' s reluctance for pregnancy: Experiences and perceptions of Zika virus in Medellin, Colombia.
Role of adenosine deaminase 2 gene variants in pediatric deficiency of adenosine deaminase 2: A structural biological approach.
Differential Expression of PDGF Receptor-alpha in Human Placental Trophoblasts Leads to Different Entry Pathways by Human Cytomegalovirus Strains.
Type I Interferon Regulates a Coordinated Gene Network to Enhance Cytotoxic T Cell-Mediated Tumor Killing.
Liu Shen Wan inhibits influenza a virus and excessive virus-induced inflammatory response via suppression of TLR4/NF-kappaB signaling pathway in vitro and in vivo.
Assessment of prevalence and load of torquetenovirus viremia in a large cohort of healthy blood donors.
Voriconazole plus terbinafine combination antifungal therapy for invasive Lomentospora prolificans infections: analysis of 41 patients from the FungiScope  registry 2008-2019.
Global prevalence of latent toxoplasmosis in pregnant women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Novel insights into viral infection and oncogenesis from Koala Retrovirus (KoRV) infection of HEK293T cells.
Specific IgA and CLA+ T-cell IL-17 response to Streptococcus pyogenes in psoriasis.
Identification of interferon receptor IFNAR2 as a novel HCV entry factor by using chemical probes.
Murine and related chapparvoviruses are nephro-tropic and produce novel accessory proteins in infected kidneys.
Population-Based Surveillance for Birth Defects Potentially Related to Zika Virus Infection - 22 States and Territories, January 2016-June 2017.
Trends in HIV-2 Diagnoses and Use of the HIV-1/HIV-2 Differentiation Test - United States, 2010-2017.
Anticancer activity and molecular mechanisms of alpha-conidendrin, a polyphenolic compound present in Taxus yunnanensis, on human breast cancer cell lines.
Toscana virus associated with Guillain-Barre syndrome: a case-control study.
Antibiotic Treatment of Anaerobic Infections: Uncharted Land in Iran.
FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH PERSISTENCE OF HPV GENITAL INFECTION IN A SMALL COHORT OF ROMANIAN WOMEN.
Rapid outbreak response requires trust.
Persistent Infection of Simian Foamy Virus Derived from the Japanese Macaque Leads to the High-Level Expression of microRNA that Resembles the miR-1 microRNA Precursor Family.
Pan-viral protection against arboviruses by activating skin macrophages at the inoculation site.
Anterograde Viral Tracer HSV-1 Strain H129 Transports Primarily as Capsids in Cortical Neuron Axons.
Phosphosite analysis of the cytomegaloviral mRNA export factor pUL69 reveals serines with critical importance for recruitment of cellular proteins Pin1 and UAP56/URH49.
Risk of herpes zoster after exposure to varicella to explore the exogenous boosting hypothesis: self controlled case series study using UK electronic healthcare data.
Human Orf: An Under-recognized Entity.
Pharmacokinetics of plasma lopinavir and ritonavir in tuberculosis-HIV co-infected African adult patients also receiving rifabutin 150 or 300 mg three times per week.
Neonatal, infant, and child mortality among women exposed to intimate partner violence in East Africa: a multi-country analysis.
Multi-Approach Investigation Regarding the West Nile Virus Situation in Hungary, 2018.
5,6-Dichloro-2-phenyl-benzotriazoles: New Potent Inhibitors of Orthohantavirus.
Vitamin D Receptor Controls Cell Stemness in Acute Myeloid Leukemia and in Normal Bone Marrow.
Lack of association between amino acid sequences of the bovine leukemia virus envelope and varying stages of infection in dairy cattle.
USP44 positively regulates innate immune response to DNA viruses through deubiquitinating MITA.
A Small Molecule Inhibitor of ATPase activity of HSP70 As Broad-Spectrum Inhibitor Against Flavivirus Infections.
First experimental proof of Rotavirus A (RVA) genotype G18P[17] inducing the clinical presentation of  \' young pigeon disease syndrome \'  (YPDS) in domestic pigeons (Columba livia).
Efficacy of Bivalent Inactivated Vaccine Containing Insect Cell-Expressed Avian Influenza H5 and Egg-Based Newcastle Disease Virus (NDV) Against Dual Infection with Highly Pathogenic H5N1 and Velogenic NDV in Chickens.
Emerging coronaviruses: genome structure, replication, and pathogenesis.
Using NS1 flavivirus protein microarray to infer past infecting dengue virus serotype and number of past dengue virus infections in Vietnamese individuals.
Rabies encephalitis and extra-neural manifestations in a patient bitten by a domestic cat.
Clinical significance of serum melatonin in predicting the severity of oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Complete genome sequence of MMP7, a novel Meiothermus bacteriophage of the family Myoviridae isolated from a hot spring.
Stop the Wuhan virus.
Author Correction: Metagenomic sequencing with spiked primer enrichment for viral diagnostics and genomic surveillance.
Novel NGLY1 gene variants in Chinese children with global developmental delay, microcephaly, hypotonia, hypertransaminasemia, alacrimia, and feeding difficulty.
Antiviral potential of 3 \' -sialyllactose- and 6 \' -sialyllactose-conjugated dendritic polymers against human and avian influenza viruses.
Ceftazidime-avibactam resistance associated with increased bla KPC-3 gene copy number mediated by pKpQIL plasmid derivatives in ST258 Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Neurotrophic Factors Protect the Intestinal Barrier from Rotavirus Insult in Mice.
Interferon-Free Hepatitis C Virus Therapy.
The Epidemiology, Virology, and Pathogenicity of Human Infections with Avian Influenza Viruses.
Influenza Reverse Genetics-Historical Perspective.
Co-circulation of multiple enterovirus D68 subclades, including a novel B3 cluster, across Europe in a season of expected low prevalence, 2019/20.
HIV-1 CRF01_AE subtype and HIV-1 DNA level among patients with chronic HIV-1 infection: a correlation study.
Polymorphisms in dipeptidyl peptidase 4 reduce host cell entry of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus.
Preparation, Characterization, and Immuno-Enhancing Activity of Polysaccharides from Glycyrrhiza uralensis.
Further Evidence of Inadequate Quality in Lateral Flow Devices Commercially Offered for the Diagnosis of Rabies.
Real Time Analysis of Bovine Viral Diarrhea Virus (BVDV) Infection and Its Dependence on Bovine CD46.
Inhibitory Activity of a Scorpion Defensin BmKDfsin3 against Hepatitis C Virus.
Population- and Variant-Based Genome Analyses of Viruses from Vaccine-Derived Rabies Cases Demonstrate Product Specific Clusters and Unique Patterns.
Inter- Versus Intra-Host Sequence Diversity of pH1N1 and Associated Clinical Outcomes.
Fighting Dog-Mediated Rabies in Namibia-Implementation of a Rabies Elimination Program in the Northern Communal Areas.
Herpes Simplex Virus Type-2 Paralyzes the Function of Monocyte-Derived Dendritic Cells.
In Vitro Hepatitis C Virus Infection and Hepatic Choline Metabolism.
High-Resolution Composition Analysis of an Inactivated Polyvalent Foot-and-Mouth Disease Vaccine.
Hepatic TLR4, MBL and CRP gene expression levels are associated with chronic hepatitis C.
Multivesicular body sorting and the exosomal pathway are required for the release of rat hepatitis E virus from infected cells.
Genetic characterization and phylogenetic analysis of porcine deltacoronavirus (PDCoV) in Shandong Province, China.
Utility of primary cells to examine NPC1 receptor expression in Mops condylurus, a potential Ebola virus reservoir.
Rift Valley fever virus targets the maternal-foetal interface in ovine and human placentas.
ICTV Virus Taxonomy Profile: Spiraviridae.
Cold atmospheric plasma as antiviral therapy - effect on human herpes simplex virus type 1.
Physical virology: From virus self-assembly to particle mechanics.
A novel circular Rep-encoding single-stranded DNA virus detected in Agrotis ipsilon (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) in China.
Control of human hemoglobin switching by LIN28B-mediated regulation of BCL11A translation.
Reduced seroprevalence against vaccine preventable diseases (VPDs) in adult patients with cancer: necessity of routine vaccination as part of the therapeutic concept.
Low levels of HIV-1 drug resistance mutations in patients who achieved viral re-suppression without regimen switch: a retrospective study.
Acute histoplasmosis in travelers: a retrospective study in an Italian referral center for tropical diseases.
WIP1 dephosphorylation of p27Kip1 Serine 140 destabilizes p27Kip1 and reverses anti-proliferative effects of ATM phosphorylation.
Characterisation of diversity of measles viruses in India: genomic sequencing and comparative genomics studies.
Establishment of an anti-hepatitis C virus IgG avidity test for dried serum/plasma spots.
A high-throughput chemotaxis detection method for CCR4+ T cell migration inhibition using image cytometry.
Results of the Italian infection-Carbapenem Resistance Evaluation Surveillance Trial (iCREST-IT): activity of ceftazidime/avibactam against Enterobacterales isolated from urine.
Differential upregulation of host cell protein kinases by the replication of alpha-, beta- and gamma-herpesviruses provides a signature of virus-specific signalling.
Cryptic Chemical Communication: Secondary Metabolic Responses Revealed by Microbial Co-culture.
Molecular characterization of H3 subtype avian influenza viruses based on poultry-related environmental surveillance in China between 2014 and 2017.
The raspberry bushy dwarf virus 1b gene enables pollen grains to function efficiently in horizontal pollen transmission.
Fitness advantage of inter-species TYLCV recombinants induced by beneficial intra-genomic interactions rather than by specific mutations.
Bacteriophage P1 does not show spatial preference when infecting Escherichia coli.
HIV coinfections with tuberculosis among HIV-1 infected individuals in old cross river state, Nigeria.
Zika virus promotes CCN1 expression via the CaMKIIalpha-CREB pathway in astrocytes.
Serological investigation of orthohantaviruses in patients with fever of unknown origin in Kazakhstan.
Shigella impairs human T lymphocyte responsiveness by hijacking actin cytoskeleton dynamics and TCR vesicular trafficking.
Vancomycin Pharmacokinetics in Obese Patients with Sepsis or Septic Shock.
Resazurin microtitre plate assay and Sensititre  MycoTB for detection of Mycobacterium tuberculosis resistance in a high tuberculosis resistance setting.
New virus in China requires international control effort.
Immunohistochemical Detection of Intralesional Antigens of Ovine Gammaherpesvirus-2 in Cattle with Sheep-associated Malignant Catarrhal Fever.
Select targeting of intracellular Toll-interleukin-1 receptor resistance domains for protection against influenza-induced disease.
Antigenic variants of influenza B viruses isolated in Japan during the 2017-2018 and 2018-2019 influenza seasons.
Relationship between immune parameters during a severe exacerbation in allergic asthmatic children and asthma outcomes in the following year.
Development of a reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay (RT-LAMP) that detects enteroviruses by targeting the highly conserved 5 \' -UTR region.
The Effect of Depression on Adherence to HIV Pre-exposure Prophylaxis Among High-Risk South African Women in HPTN 067/ADAPT.
Characterisation of the sewage virome: comparison of NGS tools and occurrence of significant pathogens.
Specificity, Kinetics and Longevity of Antibody Responses to Avian Influenza A(H7N9) Virus Infection in Humans.
A simple and rapid approach to prepare Sindbis and West Nile viral RNA controls for differentiation between positive samples and laboratory contamination.
Rapid identification of the vanA/vanB resistance determinant in Enterococcus sp. from blood cultures using the Cepheid Xpert vanA/vanB cartridge system.
Comparative humoral immune response against cytopathic or non-cytopathic bovine viral diarrhea virus infection.
A dual role for hepatocyte-intrinsic canonical NF-kappaB signaling in virus control.
Ion channel modulation by scorpion hemolymph and its defensin ingredients highlights origin of neurotoxins in telson formed in Paleozoic scorpions.
Indole Alleviates Diet-induced Hepatic Steatosis and Inflammation in a Manner Involving Myeloid Cell PFKFB3.
Phenotypic characterization of macrophages in the BMB sample of human acute leukemia.
Evaluating two approaches for using positive control in standardizing the avian influenza H5 reverse transcription recombinase polymerase amplification assay.
The continuing 2019-nCoV epidemic threat of novel coronaviruses to global health - The latest 2019 novel coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China.
Identification of the first cases of complete CD16A deficiency: association with persistent EBV infection.
Pharmacokinetics of TKM-130803 in Sierra Leonean patients with Ebola virus disease:  plasma concentrations exceed target levels, with drug accumulation in the most severe patients.
Safety and immunogenicity of a highly attenuated rVSVN4CT1-EBOVGP1 Ebola virus vaccine: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 1 clinical trial.
Investigations into the presence of nidoviruses in pythons.
Clinical experience with a novel assay measuring cytomegalovirus (CMV)-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell immunity by flow cytometry and intracellular cytokine staining to predict clinically significant CMV events.
Affinity Based Nano-Magnetic Particles for Purification of Recombinant Proteins in Form of Inclusion Body
Reporter Assays for Ebola Virus Nucleoprotein Oligomerization, Virion-Like Particle Budding, and Minigenome Activity Reveal the Importance of Nucleoprotein Amino Acid Position 111.
PreS1 Mutations Alter the Large HBsAg Antigenicity of a Hepatitis B Virus Strain Isolated in Bangladesh.
Anti-Bacterial and Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Toothpaste with Swiss Medicinal Herbs towards Patients Suffering from Gingivitis and Initial Stage of Periodontitis: from Clinical Efficacy to Mechanisms.
Quantifying within-host diversity of H5N1 influenza viruses in humans and poultry in Cambodia.
Detection and molecular characterization of uncommon rotavirus group A genotype G12 among hospitalized children in Chennai.
Single-Virus Tracking: From Imaging Methodologies to Virological Applications.
S2k guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia.
Classical human astroviruses in symptomatic and asymptomatic children of Goias, Brazil: positivity rates, viral loads and molecular characterization.
High activation and skewed T-cell differentiation are associated with low IL-17A levels in a hu-PBL-NSG-SGM3 mouse model of HIV infection.
Ribonucleotide reductase inhibitors suppress SAMHD1 ara-CTPase activity enhancing cytarabine efficacy.
Marked heterogeneity in the diagnosis of compensated cirrhosis of patients with chronic HCV infection in a real-word setting: a large, multicenter study from Japan.
Recombinant adenovirus carrying a core neutralizing epitope of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and heat-labile enterotoxin B of Escherichia coli as a mucosal vaccine.
Endogenous and artificial miRNAs explore a rich variety of conformations: a potential relationship between secondary structure and biological functionality.
Receptor-mediated cell entry of Paramyxoviruses: mechanisms, and consequences for tropism and pathogenesis.
Comparison of hepatitis B surface antibody levels induced by the pentavalent DTwP-HB-Hib versus the hexavalent DTaP-HB-Hib-IPV vaccine, administered to infants at 2, 4, 6, and 18 months of age, following monovalent hepatitis B vaccination at birth.
The Cap-Snatching Mechanism of Bunyaviruses.
Evaluating DREAMS HIV prevention interventions targeting adolescent girls and young women in high HIV prevalence districts in South Africa: protocol for a cross-sectional study.
Rituximab-Containing Treatment Regimens May Imply a Long-Term Risk for Difficult-To-Treat Chronic Hepatitis E.
Infection with Foamy Virus in Wild Ruminants-Evidence for a New Virus Reservoir?
The Effect of Water-Soluble Polysaccharide from Jackfruit (Artocarpus heterophyllus Lam.) on Human Colon Carcinoma Cells Cultured In Vitro.
Modulation of Vaccine-Induced HIV-1-Specific Immune Responses by Co-Electroporation of PD-L1 Encoding DNA.
Targeting the Host for New Therapeutic Perspectives in Hepatitis D.
Broader Geographical Distribution of Toscana Virus in the Mediterranean Region Suggests the Existence of Larger Varieties of Sand Fly Vectors.
Fractal Characterization of Subviral Particle Motion: On the Influence of Spatio-Temporal Interpolation Methods.
Cytoplasmic factories, virus assembly, and DNA replication kinetics collectively constrain the formation of poxvirus recombinants.
Early Season Pediatric Influenza B/Victoria Virus Infections Associated with a Recently Emerged Virus Subclade - Louisiana, 2019.
Discovery of Novel Latency-Associated Nuclear Antigen Inhibitors as Antiviral Agents Against Kaposi s Sarcoma-Associated Herpesvirus.
Interleukin IL-1B gene polymorphism in Tunisian patients with chronic hepatitis B infection: association with replication levels.
Human cytomegalovirus infection in Iranian glioma patients correlates with aging and tumor aggressiveness.
Recent advances in the detection of respiratory virus infection in humans.
Chimeric Oncolytic Ad5/3 Virus Replicates and Lyses Ovarian Cancer Cells through Desmoglein-2 Cell Entry Receptor.
Retargeting Adenoviruses for Therapeutic Applications and Vaccines.
Revisiting the genomes of herpesviruses.
Immunoblot and Polymerase Chain Reaction to Diagnose Ocular Syphilis and Neurosyphilis in HIV-positive and HIV-negative Patients.
Human herpesvirus 6-associated acute necrotizing encephalopathy in an infant with a mutation in the RANBP2 gene.
The round trip model for severe herpes zoster caused by live attenuated varicella vaccine virus.
Revisiting cytomegalovirus serostatus and replication as risk factors for inferior long-term outcomes in the current era of renal transplantation.
Deamination hotspots among APOBEC3 family members are defined by both target site sequence context and ssDNA secondary structure.
Clinical Impact of Metagenomic Next-Generation Sequencing of Plasma Cell-Free DNA for the Diagnosis of Infectious Diseases: A Multicenter Retrospective Cohort Study.
The small molecule AZD6244 inhibits dengue virus replication in vitro and protects against lethal challenge in a mouse model.
Characterizing Cross-Culturally Relevant Metrics of Stigma among Men who have Sex with Men across Eight Sub-Saharan African Countries and the United States.
Herpes simplex virus blocks host transcription termination via the bimodal activities of ICP27.
Roles of the different isoforms of the pseudorabies virus protein kinase pUS3 in nuclear egress.
A factor I-like activity associated with chikungunya virus contributes to its resistance to the human complement system.
Elongin C contributes to RNA polymerase II degradation by the interferon antagonist NSs of La Crosse orthobunyavirus.
Capsid labelled HIV to investigate the role of capsid during nuclear import and integration.
HIV-1 Vpu downregulates Tim-3 from the surface of infected CD4+ T cells.
Nationwide carrier detection and molecular characterization of beta-thalassemia and hemoglobin E variants in Bangladeshi population.
[miRNA expression profiles in serum exosome from patients with hepatitis B virus related hepatocellular carcinoma].
[A real world study of hepatitis B virus genotypes in patients with chronic hepatitis B with different disease spectrum].
[Guidelines for the prevention and treatment of hepatitis C (2019 version)].
[The guidelines of prevention and treatment for chronic hepatitis B (2019 version)].
[Timing and selection of antiviral therapy with nucleos(t)ide analogues for prevention of hepatitis B virus-related HCC].
In Silico and In Vitro Experimental Studies of New Dibenz[b,e]oxepin-11(6H)one O-(arylcarbamoyl)-oximes Designed as Potential Antimicrobial Agents.
The 19th Rocky Mountain Virology Association Meeting.
The Ebola Virus Nucleoprotein Recruits the Nuclear RNA Export Factor NXF1 into Inclusion Bodies to Facilitate Viral Protein Expression.
Targeting the Oncogenic Long Non-coding RNA SLNCR1 by Blocking Its Sequence-Specific Binding to the Androgen Receptor.
Niemann-Pick C1 Heterogeneity of Bat Cells Controls Filovirus Tropism.
Identification and characterization of a novel hepatitis B virus pregenomic RNA encapsidation inhibitor.
Assessment of climate change impact on the malaria vector Anopheles hyrcanus, West Nile disease, and incidence of melanoma in the Vojvodina Province (Serbia) using data from a regional climate model.
Symptom evolution following the emergence of maize streak virus.
PET/CT and PET/MRI in ophthalmic oncology (Review).
Outbreaks of dengue in Central India in 2016: Clinical, laboratory &amp; epidemiological study.
Assessing the susceptibility of highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1 viruses to oseltamivir using embryonated chicken eggs.
Molecular characterization and genetic diversity of the infectious laryngotracheitis virus strains circulating in Egypt during the outbreaks of 2018 and 2019.
Population trends for two Malagasy fruit bats.
CpG Frequency in the 5 \'  Third of the env Gene Determines Sensitivity of Primary HIV-1 Strains to the Zinc-Finger Antiviral Protein.
Characterization of thermostable Newcastle disease virus recombinants expressing the hemagglutinin of H5N1 avian influenza virus as bivalent vaccine candidates.
Are viruses associated with disc herniation? A clinical case series.
Pertussis in infants, in their mothers and other contacts in Casablanca, Morocco.
Block-And-Lock Strategies to Cure HIV Infection.
Design, Synthesis and In Vitro Characterization of Novel Antimicrobial Agents Based on 6-Chloro-9H-carbazol Derivatives and 1,3,4-Oxadiazole Scaffolds.
The Effect of Different Antibiotic Regimens on Bacterial Resistance: A Systematic Review.
TNF-Block Genotypes Influence Susceptibility to HIV-Associated Sensory Neuropathy in Indonesians and South Africans.
Single-Cell Analysis Uncovers a Vast Diversity in Intracellular Viral Defective Interfering RNA Content Affecting the Large Cell-to-Cell Heterogeneity in Influenza A Virus Replication.
SERINC5 Is an Unconventional HIV Restriction Factor That Is Upregulated during Myeloid Cell Differentiation.
Influenza increases invasive meningococcal disease risk in temperate countries.
Herpesvirus membrane fusion - a team effort.
Intra-hospital acquisition of colonization and infection by Klebsiella pneumoniae strains producing carbapenemases and carriage evolution: A longitudinal analysis in an Italian teaching hospital from January 2017 to August 2019.
Signature of genome wide gene expression in classical swine fever virus infected macrophages and PBMCs of indigenous vis-a-vis crossbred pigs.
Detection and in vitro studies of Cucurbita maxima phloem serpin-1 RNA-binding properties.
Discovery and Characterization of Fluorine-Substituted Diarylpyrimidines Derivatives as Novel HIV-1 NNRTIs with Highly Improved Resistance Profiles and Low Activity for the hERG Ion Channel.
HIV infection does not alter interferon alpha/beta receptor 2 expression on mucosal immune cells.
Association of persistent wild-type measles virus RNA with long-term humoral immunity in rhesus macaques.
ICTV Virus Taxonomy Profile: Nudiviridae.
Vector Competence and Vertical Transmission of Zika Virus in Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae).
Establishing an Anal Cancer Screening Program in an Outpatient HIV Clinic: Referral Patterns and Patient Perceptions Survey.
AIE nanodots scaffolded by mini-ferritin protein for cellular imaging and photodynamic therapy.
Evaluation of Direct Metagenomics and Target Enriched Approaches for High-throughput Sequencing of Field Rabies Viruses.
Sexually Transmitted Infections in Soldiers - A Cross-Sectional Assessment in German Paratroopers and Navy Soldiers and a Literature Review.
On the Etiological Relevance of Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus in Superficial and Deep Infections - A Hypothesis-Forming, Retrospective Assessment.
A single dose of a vesicular stomatitis virus-based influenza vaccine confers rapid protection against H5 viruses from different clades.
CBFbeta/RUNX3-miR10b-TIAM1 molecular axis inhibits proliferation, migration, and invasion of gastric cancer cells.
Metagenomic sequencing with spiked primer enrichment for viral diagnostics and genomic surveillance.
Newly emerged enterovirus-A71 C4 sublineage may be more virulent than B5 in the 2015-2016 hand-foot-and-mouth disease outbreak in northern Vietnam.
Bactericidal efficacy of potassium peroxymonosulfate under various concentrations, organic material conditions, exposure timing and its application on various surface carriers.
Tryptophan trimers and tetramers inhibit dengue and Zika virus replication by interfering with viral attachment processes.
Sub-Inhibitory Concentrations of Mupirocin Stimulate Staphylococcus aureus Biofilm Formation by Up-regulating cidA.
Internet-based self-sampling for Chlamydia trachomatis testing: a national evaluation in Sweden.
Structure and Mechanism of a Cyclic Trinucleotide-Activated Bacterial Endonuclease Mediating Bacteriophage Immunity.
Population seroprotection against hepatitis a virus in Israel 18 years after introduction of inactivated vaccine into the routine childhood vaccination schedule.
An evaluation of the Zambia influenza sentinel surveillance system, 2011-2017.
Detection of three independently-generated DS-1-like G9P[8] reassortant rotavirus A strains during the G9P[8] dominance in Vietnam, 2016-2018.
Accuracy of the ELITe MGB  assays for the detection of carbapenemases, CTX-M, Staphylococcus aureus and mecA/C genes directly from respiratory samples.
RNF152 positively regulates TLR/IL-1R signaling by enhancing MyD88 oligomerization.
Inactivation of three emerging viruses - severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus, Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever virus and Nipah virus - in platelet concentrates by ultraviolet C light and in plasma by methylene blue plus visible light.
Evaluation of the Saliva of Burn ICU Patients for Resistant Bacteria Harbor Metallo-beta-Lactamase Genes.
Antimicrobial and Anti-Biofilm Effect of an Electrolyzed Superoxidized Solution at Neutral-pH against Helicobacter pylori.
Spectrum of respiratory viral infections in liver disease patients with cirrhosis admitted in critical care unit.
Seroepidemiological study of rubella in Vojvodina, Serbia: 24 years after the introduction of the MMR vaccine in the national immunization programme.
High failure rates of protease inhibitor-based antiretroviral treatment in rural Tanzania - A prospective cohort study.
Dexamethasone inhibits respiratory syncytial virus-driven mucus production while increasing viral replication without altering antiviral interferon signaling.
Cloning and characterization of antiviral cytotoxic T lymphocytes in channel catfish, Ictalurus punctatus.
Field porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome viruses (PRRSV) attenuated by codon pair deoptimization (CPD) in NSP1 protected pigs from heterologous challenge.
Drosophila immunity against natural and nonnatural viral pathogens.
STAT3 activates the anti-apoptotic form of caspase 9 in oncovirus-infected B lymphocytes.
STING is dispensable during KSHV infection of primary endothelial cells.
Macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin B resistance phenotypes and their associated genotypes in Staphylococcus aureus isolates from a tertiary level public hospital of Uruguay.
Sero-prevalence, cross-species infection and serological determinants of prevalence of Bovine Coronavirus in Cattle, Sheep and Goats in Ghana.
Genetic Variation on TNF/LTA and TNFRSF1A Genes is Associated with Outcomes of Hepatitis C Virus Infection.
The pattern of antiviral protein expression induced by interferon lambda1 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of patients with chronic hepatitis C virus infection.
Comparison of virological and serological methods for laboratory confirmation of rubella.
Innate and adaptive immunity in wild rodents spontaneously and experimentally infected with the tick-borne encephalitis virus.
CARNIVORE PROTOPARVOVIRUS 1 (PARVOVIRUSES) AT THE DOMESTIC-WILD CARNIVORE INTERFACE IN INDIA.
DETECTION OF SKUNK ADENOVIRUS 1 IN TWO NORTH AMERICAN PORCUPINES (ERETHIZON DORSATUM) WITH RESPIRATORY DISEASE.
SAFETY OF AND HUMORAL IMMUNE RESPONSE TO THE MERIAL RECOMBITEK CANINE DISTEMPER VIRUS VACCINE IN MANED WOLVES (CHRYSOCYON BRACHYURUS).
WHOLE GENOME SEQUENCING OF AN AVIPOXVIRUS ASSOCIATED WITH INFECTIONS IN A GROUP OF AVIARY-HOUSED SNOW BUNTINGS (PLECTROPHENAX NIVALIS).
TIGER (PANTHERA TIGRIS) AND DOMESTIC CAT (FELIS CATUS) IMMUNE RESPONSES TO CANARYPOX-VECTORED CANINE DISTEMPER VACCINATION.
GENETIC CHARACTERISTICS OF CANINE DISTEMPER VIRUSES CIRCULATING IN WILDLIFE IN THE UNITED STATES.
PREVALENCE OF BOX TURTLE ADENOVIRUS IN EASTERN BOX TURTLES (TERRAPENE CAROLINA CAROLINA) PRESENTED TO A WILDLIFE REHABILITATION CENTER IN VIRGINIA, USA.
Association of Treg and TH17 Cytokines with HCV Pathogenesis and Liver Pathology.
Serum miR-483-5p and miR-133a as Biomarkers for Diagnosis of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Post-Hepatitis C Infection in Egyptian Patients.
Hepatitis B virus particles activate toll-like receptor 2 signaling initial upon infection of primary human hepatocytes.
Serological Screening of West Nile Virus Among Blood Donors in Northern Cyprus.
Transition in genetic constellations of H3N8 and H4N6 low-pathogenic avian influenza viruses isolated from an overwintering site in Japan throughout different winter seasons.
NHC-gold compounds mediate immune suppression through induction of AHR-TGFbeta1 signalling in vitro and in scurfy mice.
Posterior basolateral amygdala to ventral hippocampal CA1 drives approach behaviour to exert an anxiolytic effect.
Zoonotic spillover infections with Borna disease virus 1 leading to fatal human encephalitis, 1999-2019: an epidemiological investigation.
Relaunching human bornavirus research from encephalitis cases with unclear cause.
Immune Landscape of Viral- and Carcinogen-Driven Head and Neck Cancer.
Early fulminant BK polyomavirus-associated nephropathy in two kidney transplant patients with low neutralizing antibody titers receiving allografts from the same donor.
High prevalence of hepatitis C virus infection and low level of awareness among people who recently started injecting drugs in a cross-sectional study in Germany, 2011-2014: missed opportunities for hepatitis C testing.
High prevalent human papillomavirus infections of the oral cavity of asymptomatic HIV-positive men.
Treatment outcomes of patients with chronic hepatitis C receiving sofosbuvir-based combination therapy within national hepatitis C elimination program in the country of Georgia.
Correction to: Detection of Candidatus Neoehrlichia mikurensis in Norway up to the northern limit of Ixodes ricinus distribution using a novel real time PCR test targeting the groEL gene.
PVP-stabilized tungsten oxide nanoparticles: pH sensitive anti-cancer platform with high cytotoxicity.
Microbiological contamination of conventional and reclaimed irrigation water: Evaluation and management measures.
Non-gradient and genotype-dependent patterns of RSV gene expression.
Experimental pigeon paramyxovirus-1 infection in chicken: evaluation of infectivity, clinical and pathological manifestations and diagnostic methods.
Trend of HIV-1 drug resistance in China: A systematic review and meta-analysis of data accumulated over 17 years (2001-2017).
A genetic signature including apolipoprotein Eepsilon4 potentiates the risk of herpes simplex-associated Alzheimer \' s disease.
Bluetongue Disease Control in Northern Ireland During 2017 and 2018.
Recent Developments in Bioprocessing of Recombinant Proteins: Expression Hosts and Process Development.
Identification of Viral Signatures Using High-Throughput Sequencing on Blood of Patients With Kawasaki Disease.
Long-Term Prognosis of Suspected Myocarditis and Cardiomyopathy Associated with Viral Infection of the Myocardial Tissue: A Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies.
ORF6 and ORF61 Expressing MVA Vaccines Impair Early but Not Late Latency in Murine Gammaherpesvirus MHV-68 Infection.
Two Different Missense C1S Mutations, Associated to Periodontal Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome, Lead to Identical Molecular Outcomes.
Heterologous Combination of VSV-GP and NYVAC Vectors Expressing HIV-1 Trimeric gp145 Env as Vaccination Strategy to Induce Balanced B and T Cell Immune Responses.
Selective Engagement of FcgammaRIV by a M2e-Specific Single Domain Antibody Construct Protects Against Influenza A Virus Infection.
Antibody-Dependent Cellular Cytotoxicity (ADCC)-Mediating Antibodies Constrain Neutralizing Antibody Escape Pathway.
The Role of Legionella pneumophila Serogroup 1 Lipopolysaccharide in Host-Pathogen Interaction.
Host Gene SEL1L Involved in Endoplasmic Reticulum-Associated Degradation Pathway Could Inhibit Hepatitis B Virus at RNA, DNA, and Protein Levels.
Immune Biomarkers for Diagnosis and Treatment Monitoring of Tuberculosis: Current Developments and Future Prospects.
The basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor TCF4 impacts brain architecture as well as neuronal morphology and differentiation.
MCPIP1 overexpression in human neuroblastoma cell lines causes cell-cycle arrest by G1/S checkpoint block.
Molecular characterization of two previously undescribed begomovirus-associated alphasatellite molecules infecting malvaceous species in Cameroon.
Zinc-finger protein CNBP alters the 3-D structure of lncRNA Braveheart in solution.
Genome-wide CRISPR screen identifies host dependency factors for influenza A virus infection.
Genome Sequences of Chikungunya Virus Strains from Bangladesh and Thailand.
Treating cancer with immunotherapy in HIV-positive patients: A challenging reality.
Optimization and qualification of a functional anti-drug antibody assay for HIV-1 bnAbs.
Characterization of a universal screening approach for congenital CMV infection based on a highly-sensitive, quantitative, multiplex real-time PCR assay.
Cocirculation of Two Orthohantavirus Species in Small Mammals of the Northwestern Ukraine.
Birth Cohort Studies: Towards Understanding Protective Immunity to Human Noroviruses.
In vitro activities of telithromycin against Staphylococcus aureus biofilms compared with azithromycin, clindamycin, vancomycin and daptomycin.
Primary Intraosseous Xanthomas of the Jaws: A Series of Six Cases Including an Example with Formation of Apoptosis-Related Hyaline Globules, So-Called "Thanatosomes".
Meta-Transcriptome Profiling of Novel Invasive Pest Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan, China.
Cryo-EM Studies of Virus-Antibody Immune Complexes.
[Comparison of T cell response in the tumor milieu of patients with HPV+ and HPV- head and neck cancer].
Multidrug Resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis Among Military and Civilian Personnel seen at a Tertiary Military Hospital, Manila, Philippines (2015-2018).
Burden and Timeline of Infectious Diseases in the First Year After Solid Organ Transplantation in the Swiss Transplant Cohort Study.
Differential Composition of Vaginal Microbiome, but Not of Seminal Microbiome, Is Associated With Successful Intrauterine Insemination in Couples With Idiopathic Infertility: A Prospective Observational Study.
Expansion, in vivo-ex vivo cycling, and genetic manipulation of primary human hepatocytes.
Validation of a new Rapid Detection Test for the detection of Neisseria meningitidis A/C/W/X/Y antigens in cerebrospinal fluid.
Two functional variants of AP-1 complexes composed of either gamma2 or gamma1-subunits are independently required for MHC-I downregulation by HIV-1 Nef.
Conserved rotavirus NSP5 and VP2 domains interact and affect viroplasm.
Genetic Determinants of Altered Virulence of Type O Foot-and-Mouth Disease Virus.
Magnesium Links Starvation-Mediated Antibiotic Persistence to ATP.
The knowns and unknowns of West Nile virus in Europe: what did we learn from the 2018 outbreak?
HIV-1 CNS COMPARTMENTALIZATION AND CYTOKINE INTERPLAY IN NON-SUBTYPE B HIV-1 INFECTIONS IN NIGERIA AND MALAWI.
A summary of the fourth annual Virology Education HIV Microbiome workshop.
West Nile virus (lineage 2) detected for the first time in mosquitoes in Southern Bohemia: new WNV endemic area?
Prevalence and the role of CCR5Delta32 heterozygosity in disease progression in HIV positive patients in the Czech Republic
West Nile fever - autochthonous human cases in South Moravia in 2018 from the epidemiological perspective.
An antimicrobial molecule mitigates signs of sepsis in vivo and eradicates infections from lung tissue.
SUMO1 SUMOylates and SENP3 deSUMOylates NLRP3 to orchestrate the inflammasome activation.
[The role of human papillomavirus 16 early genes E2 and E6 and heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein E2 in cervical carcinogenesis and their interaction effect].
Motif V regulates energy transduction between the flavivirus NS3 ATPase and RNA-binding cleft.
Detection of Donor \' s HIV Strain in HIV-Positive Kidney-Transplant Recipient.
Interaction between APOE4 and herpes simplex virus type 1 in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Clinical significance of viral-bacterial codetection among young children with respiratory tract infections: Findings of RSV, influenza, adenoviral infections.
Association of Mycoplasma fermentans and the risk of HIV-1 infection: A meta-analysis.
Serial anti-tuberculous immune responses during the follow-up of patients with tuberculous pleurisy.
Characterizing viral load burden among HIV-infected women around the time of delivery: Findings from four tertiary obstetric units in Gauteng, South Africa.
Seroreactivity against Marburg or related filoviruses in West and Central Africa.
The potassium transporter KdpA affects persister formation by regulating ATP levels in Mycobacterium marinum.
STRIPAK directs PP2A activity toward MAP4K4 to promote oncogenic transformation of human cells.
Viral load assay performs comparably to early infant diagnosis assay to diagnose infants with HIV in Mozambique: a prospective observational study.
Human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA detection in uterine cervix cancer after radiation indicating recurrence: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Characterization of a novel echovirus 21 strain isolated from a healthy child in China in 2013.
Single-dose bNAb cocktail or abbreviated ART post-exposure regimens achieve tight SHIV control without adaptive immunity.
Proinflammatory cytokine TNFalpha promotes HPV-associated oral carcinogenesis by increasing cancer stemness.
Kaposi \' s Sarcoma-Associated Herpesvirus-Encoded circRNAs Are Expressed in Infected Tumor Tissues and Are Incorporated into Virions.
Discovery of 6 \' -chloro-N-methyl-5 \' -(phenylsulfonamido)-[3,3 \' -bipyridine]-5-carboxamide (CHMFL-PI4K-127) as a novel Plasmodium falciparum PI(4)K inhibitor with potent antimalarial activity against both blood and liver stages of Plasmodium.
Safety, pharmacokinetics, and antiretroviral activity of islatravir (ISL, MK-8591), a novel nucleoside reverse transcriptase translocation inhibitor, following single-dose administration to treatment-naive adults infected with HIV-1: an open-label, phase 1b, consecutive-panel trial.
Comment on "Rhodococcus equi Pneumonia in Kidney Transplant Recipient Affected by Acute Intermittent Porphyria: A Case Report".
CME Rheumatology 20: Parvovirus B19-Induced Tenosynovitis? Abstract. In this case presentation we discuss diagnostic algorithms and differential diagnoses in undifferentiated tenosynovitis. We present a case of a patient with chronic tenosynovitis in the 4th extensor tendon compartment. With unremarkable anamnesis and due to normal laboratory results a &lt;&lt;seronegative (RF), ACPA (CCP)-negative tenosynovitis without arthritis&gt;&gt; had been reported. Diagnostic and therapeutic tenosynovectomy was performed. Histologic processing revealed a positive PCR for parvovirus B19. We discuss articular and extraarticular manifestations. A parvovirus B19-associated manifestation in the musculoskeletal system is usually self-limiting. The therapy should be carried out symptomatically. In our patient there was a marked local finding, so that the complete tenosynovectomy followed by a single steroid injection led to a persistent restitutio ad integrum.
HIV persists throughout deep tissues with repopulation from multiple anatomical sources.
Fundamental Aspects of Plant Viruses-An Overview on Focus Issue Articles.
Evaluation of Antibacterial Activity of Lavandulapedunculata subsp. atlantica (Braun-Blanq.) Romo Essential Oil and Selected Terpenoids against Resistant Bacteria Strains-Structure-Activity Relationships.
NHC-gold compounds mediate immune suppression through induction of AHR-TGFbeta1 signalling in vitro and in scurfy mice.
Pathogens Causing Respiratory Tract Infections in Children Less Than 5 Years of Age in Senegal.
A Brief Overview on HIV Infection, Diagnosis and Treatment.
Prevalence and genotype distribution of human papillomavirus in Zhengzhou, China, in 2016.
Prevalence and incidence of HPV infection in men having sex with men enrolled in a PrEP study: A sub-study of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.
N-Glycan profiling of lung adenocarcinoma in patients at different stages of disease.
The epidemiology of hepatitis delta virus infection in Cameroon.
Repeated false reactive ADVIA centaur  and bio-rad Geenius  HIV tests in a patient self-administering anabolic steroids.
Cranial nerve palsies in patients with hematological malignancies: a case series.
Comparison of the Pathogenicity of Two Different Branches of Senecavirus a Strain in China.
The Essential Oil and Hydrolats from Myristica fragrans Seeds with Magnesium Aluminometasilicate as Excipient: Antioxidant, Antibacterial, and Anti-inflammatory Activity.
Clonal Diversity, Biofilm Formation, and Antimicrobial Resistance among Stenotrophomonas maltophilia Strains from Cystic Fibrosis and Non-Cystic Fibrosis Patients.
Exploiting B Cell Receptor Analyses to Inform on HIV-1 Vaccination Strategies.
Lactic Acid Bacteria Isolation from Spontaneous Sourdough and Their Characterization Including Antimicrobial and Antifungal Properties Evaluation.
Photochromic and Photocatalytic Properties of Ultra-Small PVP-Stabilized WO3 Nanoparticles.
Carbonic Anhydrase IX-Mouse versus Human.
The Autophagy Protein ATG16L1 Is Required for Sindbis Virus-Induced eIF2alpha Phosphorylation and Stress Granule Formation.
Zika Virus Infection in Pregnancy: Advanced Diagnostic Approaches in Dengue-Naive and Dengue-Experienced Pregnant Women and Possible Implication for Cross-Reactivity and Cross-Protection.
Norovirus infection results in eIF2alpha independent host translation shut-off and remodels the G3BP1 interactome evading stress granule formation.
Novel EBV LMP-2-affibody and affitoxin in molecular imaging and targeted therapy of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Focus on Cell Biology of Virus-Plant and Virus-Vector Interactions.
Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus targets B cells in lethal human infections.
Syndromic panels or "panel syndrome"? A perspective through the lens of respiratory-tract infections.
Unusual giant complex odontoma: A case report.
In vivo acquisition and risk of inter-species spread of bla KPC-3-plasmid from Klebsiella pneumoniae to Serratia marcescens in the lower respiratory tract.
Diversification of the prevention of sexually transmitted infections.
Genome-wide analysis of PYL-PP2C-SnRK2s family in Camellia sinensis.
INSIGHTS INTO CURRENT CLINICAL RESEARCH ON THE IMMUNOGENICITY OF LIVE ATTENUATED INFLUENZA VACCINES.
Succinate-GPR-91 Receptor Signaling Is Responsible for Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis-Associated Fibrosis: Effects of DHA Supplementation.
Does less surgical trauma result in better outcome in management of iatrogenic tracheobronchial laceration?
Construction and immunogenicity of novel bivalent virus-like particles bearing VP60 genes of classic RHDV(GI.1) and RHDV2(GI.2).
Differential innate immune responses induced by Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae and Mycoplasma hyorhinis in various types of antigen presenting cells.
Role of Adiponectin in Cervical Cancer.
Surveillance for Zika in Mexico: naturally infected mosquitoes in urban and semi-urban areas.
[Exudative tonsillitis in children. How can we reduce the unnecessary antibiotic consumption?]
The impact of race and socioeconomic status on the presentation, management and outcomes for gastric cancer patients: Analysis from a metropolitan area in the southeast United States.
Comparison of nine different selective agars for the detection of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacterales (CPE).
IL-33 and ST2 as predictors of disease severity in children with viral acute lower respiratory infection.
Viruses in the Built Environment (VIBE) meeting report.
Intensified adjunctive corticosteroid therapy for CNS tuberculomas.
Construction and characterization of a chimeric lysin ClyV with improved bactericidal activity against Streptococcus agalactiae in vitro and in vivo.
Plasmacytoid dendritic cells promote acute kidney injury by producing interferon-alpha.
Contribution of transgender sex workers to the complexity of the HIV-1 epidemic in the metropolitan area of Milan.
Diagnostic challenges of central nervous system infection: extensive multiplex panels versus stepwise guided approach.
OGDHL silencing promotes hepatocellular carcinoma by reprogramming glutamine metabolism.
Prevalence of human papillomavirus type 16 in Sudanese women diagnosed with cervical carcinoma.
Strategies toward virus and prion safe human platelet lysates.
Viral Manipulations of the Cullin-RING Ubiquitin Ligases.
Successful treatment of adult-onset type II citrullinemia with a low-carbohydrate diet and L-arginine after DNA analysis produced a definitive diagnosis.
Characterization of sixteen Achromobacter xylosoxidans phages from Abidjan, Cote d \' Ivoire, isolated on a single clinical strain.
High incidence of dengue in Israel travelers to Kathmandu, Nepal in 2019.
Molecular characterisation of an avian influenza (H5N8) outbreak in backyard flocks in Al Ahsa, Eastern Saudi Arabia, 2017-2018.
Forces during cellular uptake of viruses and nanoparticles at the ventral side.
Complete Coding Sequence of Western Equine Encephalitis Virus Strain Fleming, Isolated from a Human Case.
Partial Genome Sequences of Human Norovirus Strains from Northeast Brazil.
Murine cytomegalovirus protein pM49 interacts with pM95 and is critical for viral late gene expression.
Host AAA+ ATPase TER94 plays critical roles in building the baculovirus viral replication factory and virion morphogenesis.
Short direct repeats in the 3 \' -untranslated region are involved in subgenomic flaviviral RNA production.
Phylogenetics, genomic recombination, and NSP2 polymorphic patterns of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus in China and the United States in 2014-2018.
Robust hepatitis E virus infection and transcriptional response in human hepatocytes.
Bile acids and ceramide overcome the entry restriction for GII.3 human norovirus replication in human intestinal enteroids.
Necrotizing tracheobronchitis causing airway obstruction complicated by pandemic 2009 H1N1 influenza: A case report.
Prevalence and associated factors of influenza vaccination coverage in Korean adults with cardiovascular disease.
Clinical features and outcomes of patients with hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis at onset of systemic autoinflammatory disorder and compare with Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-related hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis.
Specific Inhibition of Viral MicroRNAs by Carbon Dots-Mediated Delivery of Locked Nucleic Acids for Therapy of Virus-Induced Cancer.
Transmitted HIV drug resistance among individuals with newly diagnosed HIV infection: A multicenter observational study.
Seroepidemiology of hepatitis E in patients on haemodialysis in Croatia.
Molecular characterization of a new partitivirus, MbPV1, isolated from the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium brunneum in China.
Glutathione S-transferase A1 suppresses tumor progression and indicates better prognosis of human primary hepatocellular carcinoma.
Four Tulasnella taxa associated with populations of the Australian evergreen terrestrial orchid Cryptostylis ovata.
What proportion of care home outbreaks are caused by norovirus? An analysis of viral causes of gastroenteritis outbreaks in care homes, North East England, 2016-2018.
An update on hepatitis C virus genotype distribution in Jordan: a 12-year retrospective study from a tertiary care teaching hospital in Amman.
Virus specific tolerance enhanced efficacy of cancer immuno-virotherapy.
Conformational and lipid bilayer-perturbing properties of Marburg virus GP2 segments containing the fusion loop and membrane-proximal external region/transmembrane domain.
Expression analysis data of BCL11A and gamma-globin genes in KU812 and KG-1 cell lines after CRISPR/Cas9-mediated BCL11A enhancer deletion.
Oncolytic Newcastle disease virus reduces growth of cervical cancer cell by inducing apoptosis.
The role of miR-146a in viral infection.
Characterization and engineering of broadly reactive monoclonal antibody against hepatitis B virus X protein that blocks its interaction with DDB1.
Applicability of duplex real time and lateral flow strip reverse-transcription recombinase aided amplification assays for the detection of Enterovirus 71 and Coxsackievirus A16.
Marburg virus pathogenesis - differences and similarities in humans and animal models.
An insight to HTLV-1-associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis (HAM/TSP) pathogenesis; evidence from high-throughput data integration and meta-analysis.
Genital Kaposi sarcoma in a HIV and syphilis co-infected patient: case presentation.
A co-infection of varicella-zoster virus and Pneumocystis jirovecii in a non-HIV immunocompromised patient: a case report.
Epstein-Barr Virus BBRF2 Is Required for Maximum Infectivity.
Ribavirin as a First Treatment Approach for Hepatitis E Virus Infection in Transplant Recipient Patients.
High-Throughput Sequencing Reveals Bell Pepper Endornavirus Infection in Pepper (Capsicum annum) in Slovakia and Enables Its Further Molecular Characterization.
Ebola Hemorrhagic Shock Syndrome-on-a-Chip.
Ex Vivo/In vivo Gene Editing in Hepatocytes Using "All-in-One" CRISPR-Adeno-Associated Virus Vectors with a Self-Linearizing Repair Template.
Cross-talk between microglia and neurons regulates HIV latency.
Risk of dengue in Central Africa: Vector competence studies with Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae) populations and dengue 2 virus.
A dengue fever predicting model based on Baidu search index data and climate data in South China.
Involvement of the gut microbiota and barrier function in glucocorticoid induced osteoporosis.
Adenovirus Type 7 causing severe lower respiratory tract infection in immunocompetent adults: a comparison of two contrasting cases from an intensive care unit in North West England.
Optimizing the Use of the Gamma-Glutamyl Transpeptidase-to-Platelet Ratio and Transient Elastography to Identify Liver Cirrhosis in Patients with Chronic Hepatitis B Concurrent with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
A novel approach regarding the anti-aging of facial skin through collagen reorganization.
Ceftazidime-avibactam susceptible to resistant KPC-producing Enterobacterales bloodstream infections: an observational study.
Stable tRNA halves can be sorted into extracellular vesicles and delivered to recipient cells in a concentration-dependent manner.
Binding of Avibirnavirus VP3 to the PIK3C3-PDPK1 complex inhibits autophagy by activating the AKT-MTOR pathway.
Exosomes cloak the virion to transmit Enterovirus 71 non-lytically.
Authors \'  reply re: Refining the prognosis of fetuses infected with cytomegalovirus in the first trimester of pregnancy by serial prenatal assessment: a single-centre retrospective study.
Geospatial analysis of dengue emergence in rural areas in the Southern Province of Sri Lanka.
A framework to develop semiautomated surveillance of surgical site infections: An international multicenter study.
Clinical and Molecular Investigations of Hand, Foot and Mouth Disease Outbreak in Navi Mumbai, India.
White Spot Syndrome Virus Establishes a Novel IE1/JNK/c-Jun Positive Feedback Loop to Drive Replication.
Vector derived artificial miRNA mediated inhibition of West Nile virus replication and protein expression.
MicroRNA-493-5p-mediated repression of the MYCN oncogene inhibits hepatic cancer cell growth and invasion.
A European multi-centre evaluation of detection and typing methods for human enteroviruses and parechoviruses using RNA transcripts.
OsmiR530 acts downstream of OsPIL15 to regulate grain yield in rice.
Evaluation of MERS-CoV Neutralizing Antibodies in Sera Using Live Virus Microneutralization Assay.
Studying Evolutionary Adaptation of MERS-CoV.
Characterization of a Novel Simian Sapelovirus Isolated from a Cynomolgus Monkey using PLC/PRF/5 Cells.
Effect of nicotine on Staphylococcus aureus biofilm formation and virulence factors.
Chemical composition, Fatty acids profile and Biological properties of Thymus capitatus (L.) Hoffmanns, essential Oil.
Detection and genotyping of CMV and HPV in tumors and fallopian tubes from epithelial ovarian cancer patients.
Pulmonary Surfactant Lipids Inhibit Infections with the Pandemic H1N1 Influenza Virus in Several Animal Models.
Large Granular Lymphoid Cells Discovered First in the Human Blood as "Burnet \' s Immune Surveillance Cells" (1969) Are Identical with the Late-Designation "Natural Killer Cells" (1975).
Inhibition of Haspin kinase promotes cell-intrinsic and extrinsic anti-tumor activity.
Targeting 7-Dehydrocholesterol Reductase Integrates Cholesterol Metabolism and IRF3 Activation to Eliminate Infection.
Could 5 \' -N and S ProTide analogues work as prodrugs of antiviral agents?
Roles of the highly conserved amino acids in the second receptor binding site of the Newcastle disease virus HN protein.
The effect of childhood trauma, ApoE genotype and HIV-1 viral protein R variants on change in cognitive performance.
Impact of Pregnancy on Intra-Host Genetic Diversity of Influenza A Viruses in Hospitalised Women: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Analysis of factors associated with the prognosis of cirrhotic patients who were treated with tolvaptan for hepatic edema.
Novel pleconaril derivatives: Influence of substituents in the isoxazole and phenyl rings on the antiviral activity against enteroviruses.
Activation-induced surface proteins in the identification of antigen-responsive CD4 T cells.
PDGFRA defines the mesenchymal stem cell Kaposi \' s sarcoma progenitors by enabling KSHV oncogenesis in an angiogenic environment.
Superinfection Exclusion by p28 of Turnip Crinkle Virus Is Separable from Its Replication Function.
Molecular Epidemiology of Hepatitis B Virus in Turkish Cypriot.
Evaluation of the pol/S Gene Overlapping Mutations in Chronic Hepatitis B Patients in Northern Cyprus.
Anorectal and Urogenital Mycoplasma Genitalium in Nigerian Men who have Sex with Men and Transgender Women: Prevalence, Incidence, and Association with HIV.
Characterization of transboundary foot-and-mouth disease viruses in nigeria and cameroon during 2016.
[Research advances in the functional roles of ion channels in immune cells and immune response].
A simple and rapid diagnostic method to detect new goose astrovirus using reverse-transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification.
Corrigendum: C1R Mutations Trigger Constitutive Complement 1 Activation in Periodontal Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
Rescue of tomato spotted wilt virus entirely from complementary DNA clones.
Standardized monitoring of cytomegalovirus-specific immunity can improve risk stratification of recurrent cytomegalovirus reactivation after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
CMV infection management in transplant patients in Italy.
Vaccination rate and immunity of children and adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease or autoimmune hepatitis in Germany.
Recent advances in understanding the natural history of the otitis media microbiome and its response to environmental pressures.
Preliminary anti-Coxsackie activity of novel 1-[4-(5,6-dimethyl(H)-1H(2H)-benzotriazol-1(2)-yl)phenyl]-3-alkyl(aryl)ureas.
Assessment of Influenza D Virus in Domestic Pigs and Wild Boars in France: Apparent Limited Spread within Swine Populations Despite Serological Evidence of Breeding Sow Exposure.
Enterovirus 71 Represses Interleukin Enhancer-Binding Factor 2 Production and Nucleus Translocation to Antagonize ILF2 Antiviral Effects.
Prevalence of Non-B HIV-1 Subtypes in North Italy and Analysis of Transmission Clusters Based on Sequence Data Analysis.
Chloroviruses.
Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification (LAMP) for the Diagnosis of Zika Virus: A Review.
Resistance to ectromelia virus infection requires cGAS in bone marrow-derived cells which can be bypassed with cGAMP therapy.
Development of RT-qPCR and semi-nested RT-PCR assays for molecular diagnosis of hantavirus pulmonary syndrome.
Comparing vector and human surveillance strategies to detect arbovirus transmission: A simulation study for Zika virus detection in Puerto Rico.
Genetic and Pathogenic-Diversity of Severe Fever with Thrombocytopenia Syndrome Virus (SFTSV) in South Korea.
Characterization of inflammatory cytokine profiles in cerebrospinal fluid of hand, foot, and mouth disease children with enterovirus 71-related encephalitis in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China.
Rhinovirus C Is Associated With Severe Wheezing and Febrile Respiratory Illness in Young Children.
Characterization of Circulating Clostridium difficile Strains, Host Response and Intestinal Microbiome in Hospitalized Children With Diarrhea.
Viral emergence and immune interplay in flavivirus vaccines.
Detection and characterization of NDM-1-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in Iran: an incursion crisis.
MASS SPECTROMETRY IN VIROLOGICAL SCIENCES.
Knowledge and Awareness Regarding Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, and Human Immunodeficiency Viruses Among College Students: A Report From Iran.
Bacterial etiology and antimicrobial resistance trends in ocular infections: A 30-year study, Turin area, Italy.
An ultra-rapid real-time RT-PCR method for detecting Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus using a mobile PCR device, PCR1100.
Assessment of German population exposure levels to PM10 based on multiple spatial-temporal data.
Analysis of HPV genotype-specific concordance between EUROArray HPV and HPV 3.5 LCD-Array Kit in cervical samples of 163 patients.
Isolation and characterization of the novel Virgibacillus-infecting bacteriophage Mimir87.
Dynamic, Helminth-Induced Immune Modulation Influences the Outcome of Acute and Chronic Hepatitis B Virus Infection.
Maternal Fish Consumption in Pregnancy Is Associated with a Bifidobacterium-Dominant Microbiome Profile in Infants.
No metagenomic evidence of tumorigenic viruses in cancers from a selected cohort of immunosuppressed subjects.
Locally acquired hepatitis E virus in Marche Italy: Clinical/laboratory features and outcome.
Effect of cysteine peptidase inhibitor of Eudiplozoon nipponicum (Monogenea) on cytokine expression of macrophages in vitro.
Antiviral drug discovery against arthritogenic alphaviruses: tools and molecular targets.
The Acinetobacter trimeric autotransporter adhesin Ata controls key virulence traits of Acinetobacter baumannii.
Development and application of an indirect ELISA for the serological detection of duck Tembusu virus infection based on the NS1 protein antigen.
Co-contamination of food products from family farms in an environmental disaster area in Southeast Brazil with pathogenic bacteria and enteric viruses.
Statins as adjunctive therapy against tuberculosis:the balance between statin-induced anti-TB effect and trained immunity suppression.
Human cytomegalovirus interactome analysis identifies degradation hubs, domain associations and viral protein functions.
Clinical and microbial oral health status in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Reducing Overtreatment Associated with Overdiagnosis in Cervical Cancer Screening - A Model-based Benefit-Harm Analysis for Austria.
Hemagglutinin of Influenza A, but not of Influenza B and C viruses is acylated by ZDHHC2, 8, 15 and 20.
Involvement of the chloroplast gene ferredoxin 1 in multiple responses of N. benthamiana to Potato virus X infection.
Serological profile of hepatitis B in children after the introduction of its vaccination in Burkina Faso.
Effects of Traditional Kampo Drugs and Their Constituent Crude Drugs on Influenza Virus Replication In Vitro: Suppression of Viral Protein Synthesis by Glycyrrhizae Radix.
Increased Neuronal Differentiation Efficiency in High Cell Density-Derived Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells.
Contamination of the Surfaces of a Health Care Environment by Multidrug-Resistant (MDR) Bacteria.
Synthetic Virology: Building Viruses to Better Understand Them.
The Two Sides of the Same Coin-Influenza Virus and Intracellular Signal Transduction.
Structure and Function of the Influenza Virus Transcription and Replication Machinery.
Bat-Borne Influenza A Viruses: An Awakening.
Screening of Natural Extracts for Inhibitors against Japanese Encephalitis Virus Infection.
Omadacycline efficacy against Enterococcus faecalis isolated in China: in vitro activity, heteroresistance, and resistance mechanisms.
Characterization of rotavirus possessing a DS-1-like VP3 gene from pigs in Brazil: Evidence for zooanthroponotic transmission.
Age-dependent manifestations and case definitions of paediatric Zika: a prospective cohort study.
A highly potent trimeric derivative of artesunate shows promising treatment profiles in experimental models for congenital HCMV infection in vitro and ex vivo.
Melanoma migration is promoted by prion protein via Akt-hsp27 signaling axis.
Sensitive Detection of Protein Binding to the Plasma Membrane with Dual-Color Z-Scan Fluorescence.
Molecular-based investigation and genetic characterization of porcine stool-associated RNA virus (posavirus) lineages 1 to 3 in pigs in South Korea from 2017 to 2019.
Identification of HCMV-derived T cell epitopes in seropositive individuals through viral deletion models.
Innate and adaptive immunity associated with resolution of acute woodchuck hepatitis virus infection in adult woodchucks.
Naive/Effector CD4 T cell ratio as a useful predictive marker of immune reconstitution in late presenter HIV patients: A multicenter study.
The 2016 California policy to eliminate nonmedical vaccine exemptions and changes in vaccine coverage: An empirical policy analysis.
The COMPARE Data Hubs.
Virus-based SELEX (viro-SELEX) allows development of aptamers targeting knotty proteins.
Chronic, Acute, and Reactivated HIV Infection in Humanized Immunodeficient Mouse Models.
Efficacy evaluation of two live virus vaccines against an emerging pseudorabies virus variant.
Development of a blocking immunoperoxidase monolayer assay for differentiation between pseudorabies virus-infected and vaccinated animalss.
Immunosuppressive influence of Anguillid herpesvirus-1 (AngHV-1) infection on cellular defense mechanisms in European eel (Anguilla anguilla).
Integron related resistance in new emerged Staphylococcus lugdunensis infection in burn patients.
Possibility of BK Virus-associated Nephropathy in Hospitalized Burn Patients.
Insight into the origin of chikungunya virus in Malaysian non-human primates via sequence analysis.
Emerging Trends in the Epidemiology of West Nile and Usutu Virus Infections in Southern Europe.
Failure to Remove Bluetongue Serotype 8 Virus (BTV-8) From in vitro Produced and in vivo Derived Bovine Embryos and Subsequent Transmission of BTV-8 to Recipient Cows After Embryo Transfer.
Safety Profile and Therapeutic Efficacy of One Cycle of Lu177-PSMA in End-Stage Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer Patients with Low Performance Status.
HSV-2 Cellular Programming Enables Productive HIV Infection in Dendritic Cells.
Sequestration of Late Antigens Within Viral Factories Impairs MVA Vector-Induced Protective Memory CTL Responses.
Monocyte Based Correlates of Immune Activation and Viremia in HIV-Infected Long-Term Non-Progressors.
Genomic Features of Rickettsia heilongjiangensis Revealed by Intraspecies Comparison and Detailed Comparison With Rickettsia japonica.
Virus Latency and the Impact on Plants.
Development of Small-Molecule Inhibitors Against Zika Virus Infection.
Detection of novel orthoreovirus genomes in shrew (Crocidura hirta) and fruit bat (Rousettus aegyptiacus).
Suspected cholera case (imported), associated with other gastrointestinal pathogens, in Bolzano, Northern Italy.
Staphylococcus epidermidis Contributes to Healthy Maturation of the Nasal Microbiome by Stimulating Antimicrobial Peptide Production.
Association of IL-6, IL-10 and CXCL10 serum concentrations with visceral Kaposi \' s sarcoma in people living with HIV/AIDS.
Epizootiology, Clinical Signs, and Phylogenetic Analysis of Fowl Adenovirus in Chicken Farms in Indonesia from 2018 to 2019.
Infectious Bursal Disease Virus: Molecular Epidemiologic Perspectives and Impact on Vaccine Efficacy Against Avian Influenza and Newcastle Disease Viruses.
Cormorants as Potential Victims and Reservoirs of Velogenic Newcastle Disease Virus (Orthoavulavirus-1) in Central Asia.
A new polycipivirus identified in Colobopsis shohki.
Genome characterization of novel lytic Myoviridae bacteriophage phiVP-1 enhances its applicability against MDR-biofilm-forming Vibrio parahaemolyticus.
Ultra-low HIV-1 p24 detection limits with a bioelectronic sensor.
Reliable Serological Diagnostic Tests for Arboviruses: Feasible or Utopia?
Fermented, ultrasonicated, and dehydrated bovine colostrum: Changes in antimicrobial properties and immunoglobulin content.
Corrigendum to "Antigenic analysis of H5N1 highly pathogenic avian influenza viruses circulating in Egypt (2006-2012)" [Vet. Microbiol. 167 3-4 (2013) 651-661].
Antiviral activity of interleukin-11 as a response to porcine epidemic diarrhea virus infection.
Vitamin D receptor ApaI polymorphism associated with progression of liver disease in Vietnamese patients chronically infected with hepatitis B virus.
Cypermethrin exposure during perinatal period affects fetal development and impairs reproductive functions of F1 female rats.
Invasive Scedosporium spp. and Lomentospora prolificans Infections in Pediatric Patients: Analysis of 55 Cases from FungiScope  and the Literature.
Interferon-inducible MX2 is a host restriction factor of hepatitis B virus replication.
Kinetics of Oncolytic Reovirus T3D Replication and Growth Pattern in Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
The conserved 3 \'  UTR-derived small RNA NarS mediates mRNA crossregulation during nitrate respiration.
A nucleobase-binding pocket in a viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase contributes to elongation complex stability.
The hepatitis C viral nonstructural protein 5A stabilizes growth-regulatory human transcripts.
Diagnosing acute encephalitis in patients with hematological disorders: caveats and pitfalls.
The Establishment of an In Vivo HIV-1 Infection Model in Humanized B-NSG Mice.
Genetic variability of pig and human rotavirus group A isolates from Slovakia.
Complete genome sequencing and genetic analysis of a Japanese porcine torovirus strain detected in swine feces.
Phage vB_BmeM-Goe8 infecting Bacillus megaterium DSM319.
First report of a pseudorabies-virus-infected wolf (Canis lupus) in China.
Upregulation of cancer-associated gene expression in activated fibroblasts in a mouse model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
A key region of molecular specificity orchestrates unique ephrin-B1 utilization by Cedar virus.
High incidence of HCV in HIV-negative men who have sex with men using pre-exposure prophylaxis.
New aromatic 6-substituted 2 \' -deoxy-9-(beta)-d-ribofuranosylpurine derivatives as potential plant growth regulators.
Human Polyomaviruses in the Cerebrospinal Fluid of Neurological Patients.
HCMV Infection in a Mesenchymal Stem Cell Niche: Differential Impact on the Development of NK Cells versus ILC3.
The Impact of a Structured Exercise Programme upon Cognitive Function in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Patients.
Staphylococcus aureus Pneumonia: Preceding Influenza Infection Paves the Way for Low-Virulent Strains.
Meta-analysis of influences of Biejiajian Pill combined with entecavir on serum liver fibrosis markers of compensatory period of hepatitis b cirrhosis: Protocol of systematic review and meta-analysis.
Simultaneous intussusception associated with adenovirus infection in monozygotic twins: A case report.
Acute diffuse edematous-hemorrhagic Epstein-Barr virus meningoencephalitis: A case report.
Treatment of obstructive jaundice caused by hepatic artery pseudoaneurysm after liver transplantation: A case report.
Vertical transmission of HIV among pregnant women who initially had false-negative rapid HIV tests in four South African antenatal clinics.
Randomized controlled trial of a positive affect intervention to reduce HIV viral load among sexual minority men who use methamphetamine.
[Encephalitis caused by type B influenza virus in an adult. Report of one case].
Host characteristics predict outcome among adult patients admitted by severe acute respiratory infection.
Influenza Sentinel Surveillance and Severe Acute Respiratory Infection in a Reference Hospital in Southern Brazil.
Seroprevalence of rodent-borne viruses in Afro-descendent communities in Brazil.
[Screening of hepatitis B in high risk Chilean and immigrant pregnant women: Management of mother to child transmission].
[HPV genotypes in oral papilloma in Hospital San Juan de Dios HIV (+) patients].
[Parotitis and influenza: unusual association during 2017, in Santa Fe, Argentina].
Establishment of infectious genotype 4 cell culture-derived hepatitis C virus.
Identification of amino acid residues involved in the interaction between peste -des- petits- ruminants virus haemagglutinin protein and cellular receptors.
Genetic manipulation of porcine deltacoronavirus reveals insights into NS6 and NS7 functions: a novel strategy for vaccine design.
Yellow fever in the Americas: risks for the Caribbean islands.
Methotrexate in Early Chikungunya Arthritis: A 6 Month Randomized Controlled Open-label Trial.
Iron/Copper Co-Catalyzed Cross-Coupling Reaction for the Synthesis of 6-Substituted 7-Deazapurines and the Corresponding Nucleosides.
WSV 2019: The First Committee Meeting of the World Society for Virology.
Endosomes and Microtubles are Required for Productive Infection in Aquareovirus.
Phages build anti-defence barriers.
Transforming Growth Factor-beta signaling in alphabeta thymocytes promotes negative selection.
VDAC oligomers form mitochondrial pores to release mtDNA fragments and promote lupus-like disease.
Deep-sequencing reveals broad subtype-specific HCV resistance mutations associated with treatment failure.
Porcine rotavirus mainly infects primary porcine enterocytes at the basolateral surface.
A live-cell imaging system for visualizing the transport of Marburg virus nucleocapsid-like structures.
Seroprevalence and risk factors for HIV, HCV, HBV and syphilis among blood donors in Mali.
Human papillomavirus genotypes and P16INK4A expression in squamous penile carcinoma in Mexican patients.
Methylation of CpG 5962 in L1 of the human papillomavirus 16 genome as a potential predictive marker for viral persistence: A prospective large cohort study using cervical swab samples.
Molecular Anatomy of the Receptor Binding Module of a Bacteriophage Long Tail Fiber.
A lab-on-a-chip for rapid miRNA extraction.
Experimental infection of lambs with tick-borne encephalitis virus and co-infection with Anaplasma phagocytophilum.
The alternative cap-binding complex is required for antiviral defense in vivo.
Childhood immune imprinting to influenza A shapes birth year-specific risk during seasonal H1N1 and H3N2 epidemics.
The Relationship of Breastfeeding and Infant Eczema: The Role of Reverse Causation.
Limitations of dual-fluorescent HIV reporter viruses in a model of pre-activation latency.
Cervids as sentinel-species for tick-borne encephalitis virus in Norway - A serological study.
Evaluation of CCR5-Delta32 Mutation among Individuals with High Risk Behaviours, Neonates Born to HIV-1 Infected Mothers, HIV-1 Infected Individuals, and Healthy People in an Iranian Population.
Establishment of an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for Getah virus infection in horses using a 20-mer synthetic peptide for the E2 glycoprotein as an antigen.
Characterization of the heavy metal binding properties of periplasmic metal uptake protein CLas-ZnuA2.
SKP2 attenuates autophagy through Beclin1-ubiquitination and its inhibition reduces MERS-Coronavirus infection.
IL16 deficiency enhances Th1 and cytotoxic T lymphocyte response against influenza A virus infection.
Fecal Components Modulate Human Astrovirus Infectivity in Cells and Reconstituted Intestinal Tissues.
An animal model that mimics human herpesvirus 6B pathogenesis.
ADAR2 is involved in self and nonself recognition of Borna disease virus genomic RNA in the nucleus.
The dual specificity kinase DYRK1A modulates the levels of cyclin L2 to control HIV replication in macrophages.
The BE GONE trial study protocol: a randomized crossover dietary intervention of dry beans targeting the gut microbiome of overweight and obese patients with a history of colorectal polyps or cancer.
Towards discovery of novel scaffold with potent antiangiogenic activity; design, synthesis of pyridazine based compounds, impact of hinge interaction, and accessibility of their bioactive conformation on VEGFR-2 activities.
Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase-to-platelet ratio and the fibrosis-4 index in predicting hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma development in elderly chronic hepatitis B patients in China: A single-center retrospective study.
A Central Amygdala Input to the Parafascicular Nucleus Controls Comorbid Pain in Depression.
The E3 Ubiquitin Ligase Mind Bomb 1 Controls Adenovirus Genome Release at the Nuclear Pore Complex.
HTLV-1 proviral load in infective dermatitis associated with HTLV-1 does not increase after the development of HTLV-1-associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis and does not decrease after IDH remission.
Occurrence and molecular characterization of Torque teno virus (TTV) in a wastewater treatment plant in Tehran.
Proton-detected solid-state NMR of the cell-free synthesized alpha-helical transmembrane protein NS4B from hepatitis C virus.
Evaluation of (GTG) 5-PCR for Genotyping of Klebsiella pneumonia Strains Isolated from Patients with Urinary Tract Infections.
Pingu virus: A new picornavirus in penguins from Antarctica.
Caveolin-1 Controls Vesicular TLR2 Expression, p38 Signaling and T Cell Suppression in BCG Infected Murine Monocytic Myeloid-Derived Suppressor Cells.
Detection of Enriched T Cell Epitope Specificity in Full T Cell Receptor Sequence Repertoires.
Exacerbation of Chikungunya Virus Rheumatic Immunopathology by a High Fiber Diet and Butyrate.
A Small Interfering RNA Cocktail Targeting the Nucleoprotein and Large Protein Genes Suppresses Borna Disease Virus Infection.
Multiple Klebsiella pneumoniae KPC Clones Contribute to an Extended Hospital Outbreak.
Clinical Features Predicting Mortality Risk in Patients With Viral Pneumonia: The MuLBSTA Score.
Antiproliferative and Immunoregulatory Effects of Azelaic Acid Against Acute Myeloid Leukemia via the Activation of Notch Signaling Pathway.
Benzazole substituted iminocoumarins as potential antioxidants with antiproliferative activity.
Chemsex drugs on the rise: a longitudinal analysis of the Swiss HIV Cohort Study from 2007 to 2017.
Cytokines and chemokines involved in the defense reaction against HIV-1 and hepatitis B virus: isn \' t it time to use a standardized nomenclature of the involved mediators?
Proposed revision of the family Secoviridae taxonomy to create three subgenera, "Satsumavirus", "Stramovirus" and "Cholivirus", in the genus Sadwavirus.
2019: Archives of Virology celebrates its eightieth birthday with a scientific symposium.
Epstein-Barr virus-positive diffuse large B cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified, carrying a t(19;22)(q13;q11) translocation.
Dissecting microbial community structure in sewage treatment plant for pathogens \'  detection using metagenomic sequencing technology.
Unbiased Metagenomic Sequencing for Pediatric Meningitis in Bangladesh Reveals Neuroinvasive Chikungunya Virus Outbreak and Other Unrealized Pathogens.
G Protein Pathway Suppressor 1 Promotes Influenza Virus Polymerase Activity by Activating the NF-kappaB Signaling Pathway.
Tryptophan Metabolism Activates Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor-Mediated Pathway To Promote HIV-1 Infection and Reactivation.
Unique Patterns of Distant Metastases in HPV-Positive Head and Neck Cancer.
Opuntin B, the antiviral protein isolated from prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica (L.) Miller) cladode exhibits ribonuclease activity.
ICTV Virus Taxonomy Profile: Peribunyaviridae.
A PCR assay to quantify patterns of HBV transcription.
Neuropathology in Neonatal Mice After Experimental Coxsackievirus B2 Infection Using a Prototype Strain, Ohio-1.
Selective induction of antibody effector functional responses using MF59-adjuvanted vaccination.
Rotavirus activates a noncanonical ATM-Chk2 branch of DNA damage response during infection to positively regulate viroplasm dynamics.
Oncogenesis of CAEBV revealed: Intragenic deletions in the viral genome and leaky expression of lytic genes.
Development of an Isavirus minigenome system to study the function of the pocket RNA-binding domain of the viral nucleoprotein (NP) in salmon cells.
Structural basis for hijacking of the host ACBD3 protein by bovine and porcine enteroviruses and kobuviruses.
A novel picornavirus identified in wild Macaca mulatta in China.
A potyvirus isolated from Mirabilis jalapa in China represents a new species.
Complete genome sequence of a novel victorivirus isolated from the sesame charcoal rot fungus Macrophomina phaseolina.
Characterization of an infectious clone of pepper ringspot virus and its use as a viral vector.
Distinctive features of bovine alphaherpesvirus types 1 and 5 and the virus-host interactions that might influence clinical outcomes.
Navigating the heterogeneous landscape of pediatric Kaposi sarcoma.
Highlights of 2019 Protein Engineering Summit (PEGS) in Boston, USA: Advancing Antibody-Based Cancer Therapies to the Clinic.
Antiviral and virucidal activities of Lucilia cuprina maggots \'  excretion/secretion (Diptera: Calliphoridae): first work.
Antidengue potential of leaf extracts of Pavetta tomentosa and Tarenna asiatica (Rubiaceae) against dengue virus and its vector Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Cross-sectional investigation and risk factor analysis of community-acquired and hospital-associated canine viral infectious respiratory disease complex.
NS1 DNA vaccination protects against Zika infection through T cell-mediated immunity in immunocompetent mice.
Identification of miRNA precursors in the phloem of Cucurbita maxima.
Herpesviruses induce aggregation and selective autophagy of host signalling proteins NEMO and RIPK1 as an immune-evasion mechanism.
CD274 (PD-L1), CDKN2A (p16), TP53, and EGFR immunohistochemical profile in primary, recurrent and metastatic vulvar cancer.
Retroviruses drive the rapid evolution of mammalian APOBEC3 genes.
Divergent evolutionary trajectories of influenza B viruses underlie their contemporaneous epidemic activity.
Virus-virus interactions impact the population dynamics of influenza and the common cold.
Enzootic patterns of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus in imported African and local Arabian dromedary camels: a prospective genomic study.
STLV-1 as a model for studying HTLV-1 infection.
HTLV-1 contains a high CG dinucleotide content and is susceptible to the host antiviral protein ZAP.
Eradication of PRRS from backyard swine herds in Hungary between 2012 and 2018.
PRRSV eradication on large-scale fattening pig farms in Hungary between 2014 and 2019.
Prevalence of antiretroviral Drug Resistance Mutations in HIV seropositive patients from the outpatient clinic of a large university hospital from Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Optimized Xenograft Protocol for Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Results in High Engraftment Efficiency for All CLL Subgroups.
Lung Function Decline in Early HIV Infection: Impact of Antiretroviral Drug Timing and Drug Regimen.
Novel replisome-associated proteins at cellular replication forks in EBV-transformed B lymphocytes.
Alpha-defensin 5 differentially modulates adenovirus vaccine vectors from different serotypes in vivo.
Rice Stripe Mosaic Virus-encoded P4 Is A Weak Suppressor of Viral RNA Silencing and is Required for Disease Symptom Development.
Genetic susceptibility to severe childhood asthma and rhinovirus-C maintained by balancing selection in humans for 150,000 years.
Emergence of West Nile virus lineage 2 in Europe: Characteristics of the first seven cases of West Nile neuroinvasive disease in horses in Austria.
In vitro vRNA-vRNA interactions in the H1N1 influenza A virus genome.
Molecular and biological characterization of the immunological potency of Newcastle disease virus oil emulsion-inactivated vaccines prepared from field isolate obtained from vaccinated chickens outbreak.
A novel subunit vaccine based on the viral protein 2 of porcine parvovirus: safety profile in bred pigs at different stages of the reproduction cycle and in offspring.
Prevalence of feline immunodeficiency virus and feline leukaemia virus in domestic cats in Hungary.
Complete genome sequencing of H1N1pdm09 swine influenza isolates from Nigeria reveals likely reverse zoonotic transmission at the human-animal interface in intensive piggery.
Clinical Characteristics of Influenza in Season 2017/2018 in a German Emergency Department: A Retrospective Analysis.
Early vaccine advocacy: Medals honoring Edward Jenner issued during the 19th century.
Evaluation of dengue serological tests available in Puerto Rico for identification of prior dengue infection for prevaccination screening.
Timing of antiretroviral therapy initiation determines rectal NK cell populations.
[Comparison of high-risk human papillomavirus infection rate and genotype distribution between Han and Mongolian women].
[Sero-epidemiological characteristics of hepatitis E in population aged 1-29 years in China, 2014].
6mer Seed Toxicity in Viral microRNAs.
An investigation of oxidant/antioxidant balance in patients with migraine: a case-control study.
Rapid molecular species identification of indigenous bats from Germany for surveillance purposes.
Evaluation of accuracy of hepatitis B virus antigen and antibody detection and relationship between epidemiological factors using dried blood spot.
Baloxavir marboxil treatment of nude mice infected with influenza A virus.
Meeting report and review: Immunological assays and correlates of protection for next-generation influenza vaccines.
The combination of stereotactic radiosurgery with immune checkpoint inhibition or targeted therapy in melanoma patients with brain metastases: a retrospective study.
Discovery of Ganoderma lucidum triterpenoids as potential inhibitors against Dengue virus NS2B-NS3 protease.
Immunity to Influenza is dependent on MHC II polymorphism: study with 2 HLA transgenic strains.
Author Correction: Macrophage-associated wound healing contributes to African green monkey SIV pathogenesis control.
Declining trends in HIV and other sexually transmitted infections among female sex workers in Iran could be attributable to reduced drug injection: a cross-sectional study.
The machinery for endocytosis of epidermal growth factor receptor coordinates the transport of incoming hepatitis B virus to the endosomal network.
Wedelolactone inhibits human cytomegalovirus replication by targeting distinct steps of the viral replication cycle.
Characterization of CXCR5+ CD8+ T-cells in humanized NSG mice.
Is resistance to direct-acting antivirals in sub-Saharan Africa a threat to HCV elimination? Recommendations for action.
[Cervical spinal sarcoidosis mimicking compressive cervical myelopathy: Poor prognosis after surgery].
Preserving the CTLA-4 Checkpoint for Safer and More Effective Cancer Immunotherapy.
Reduced sensitivity of azoxystrobin and thiophanate-methyl resistance in Lasiodiplodia theobromae from papaya.
Correction to: iHIVARNA phase IIa, a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded trial to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of iHIVARNA-01 in chronically HIV-infected patients under stable combined antiretroviral therapy.
KRAB-Zinc Finger Protein ZNF268a Deficiency Attenuates the Virus-Induced Pro-Inflammatory Response by Preventing IKK Complex Assembly.
Fatty Acids Regulate Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Infection via the AMPK-ACC1 Signaling Pathway.
Feline Infectious Peritonitis as a Systemic Inflammatory Disease: Contribution of Liver and Heart to the Pathogenesis.
Detection of methylation status of Epstein - Barr Virus DNA C - promoter in the diagnosis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Perivascular macrophages in the neonatal macaque brain undergo massive necroptosis after simian immunodeficiency virus infection.
RNA interference identifies domesticated viral genes involved in assembly and trafficking of virus-derived particles in ichneumonid wasps.
Estimation of temporal covariances in pathogen dynamics using Bayesian multivariate autoregressive models.
Glycan-binding profile of DC-like cells.
Genome sequences of chikungunya virus isolates from an outbreak in southwest Bangkok in 2018.
miR-142a-3p promotes the proliferation of porcine hemagglutinating encephalomyelitis virus by targeting Rab3a.
Quantification of Hepatitis B Surface Antigen: Is there a Role in HIV-Hepatitis B Virus Coinfection?
Microcephaly infant mortality in Brazil before zika outbreak.
Antibody and T cell responses against avian and microbial antigens associate with hypersensitivity pneumonitis disease parameters in pigeon breeders.
Epstein-Barr virus NK and T cell lymphoproliferative disease: report of a 2018 international meeting.
Anti-HIV-1 antibodies trigger non-lytic complement deposition on infected cells.
Study of multiple genetic variations caused by persistent hepatitis C virus replication in long-term cell culture.
Type 2 diabetes complications and comorbidity in Sub-Saharan Africans.
Corrigendum to: Impact of the M184V/I Mutation on the Efficacy of Abacavir/Lamivudine/Dolutegravir Therapy in HIV Treatment-Experienced Patients.
Purification of PIA and rSesC as Putative Vaccine Candidates Against Staphylococcus aureus.
Can tailored nanoceria act as a prebiotic? Report on improved lipid profile and gut microbiota in obese mice.
Genetic Variability Based on Tandem Repeat Numbers in a Genomic Locus of  \' Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus \'  Prevalent in North East India.
Molecular docking based virtual screening of carbonic anhydrase IX with coumarin (a cinnamon compound) derived ligands.
Molecular docking analysis of zanamavir with haem agglutinin neuraminidase of human para influenza virus type 3.
Human Immunodeficiency Virus Self-Testing in Adolescents Living in Sub-Saharan Africa: An Advocacy.
Maternal vaccination and protective immunity against Zika virus vertical transmission.
Genome Sequence of the Yeast Saprochaete ingens CBS 517.90.
Preclinical assessment with clinical validation of Selinexor with gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel for the treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
ClC transporter activity modulates histidine catabolism in Lactobacillus reuteri by altering intracellular pH and membrane potential.
HIV-1 Integrase Diversity and Resistance-Associated Mutations and Polymorphisms among Integrase strand transfer Inhibitor-Naive HIV-1 Patients from Cameroon.
HIV-1 Tat protein attenuates the clinical course of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE).
Identification of viral SIM-SUMO2-interaction inhibitors for treating primary effusion lymphoma.
Serological evidence of arboviruses and coccidia infecting horses in the Amazonian region of Brazil.
Shigella sonnei infection of zebrafish reveals that O-antigen mediates neutrophil tolerance and dysentery incidence.
Re-assessing the diversity of negative strand RNA viruses in insects.
[Recurrent lymphocytic meningitis by herpes simplex virus type 2].
[Immune response and gene therapy with adenoassociated viral vectors].
Characterization of the c10orf76-PI4KB complex and its necessity for Golgi PI4P levels and enterovirus replication.
Early exposure to cats, dogs and farm animals and the risk of childhood asthma and allergy.
Impact of Different Sampling Schemes for Decision Making in Soil-Transmitted Helminthiasis Control Programs.
Introduction of primary screening using high-risk HPV DNA detection in the Dutch cervical cancer screening programme: a population-based cohort study.
A survey investigating the current practice of French health professionals regarding infection risk after monkey bites.
Thiourea and Guanidine Compounds and their Iridium Complexes in Drug-Resistant Cancer Cell Lines: Structure-Activity Relationships and Direct Luminescent Imaging.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases: from role of gut microbiota to microbial-based therapies.
Premature Stop Codon at Residue 101 within HIV-1 Rev Does Not Influence Viral Replication of Clade BC but Severely Reduces Viral Fitness of Clade B.
Pan-Genomic Analysis of African Swine Fever Virus.
Increased expression of BCL11B and its recruited chromatin remodeling factors during highly active antiretroviral therapy synergistically represses the transcription of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 and is associated with residual immune activation.
Genetic characterization of a novel recombinant echovirus 30 strain causing a regional epidemic of aseptic meningitis in Hokkaido, Japan, 2017.
Identification of rotavirus A strains in small ruminants: first detection of G8P[1] genotypes in sheep in Turkey.
Analysis of humoral immune responses in chikungunya virus (CHIKV) infected patients and individuals vaccinated with a candidate CHIKV vaccine.
Pathological changes of liver one year later in CHB patients with negative HBV DNA.
The critical role of histology in distinguishing sarcoidosis from common variable immunodeficiency disorder (CVID) in a patient with hypogammaglobulinemia.
S-15 in combination of Akt inhibitor promotes the expansion of CD45RA-CCR7+ tumor infiltrating lymphocytes with high cytotoxic potential and downregulating PD-1+Tim-3+ cells as well as regulatory T cells.
Volatile scents of influenza A and S. pyogenes (co-)infected cells.
Elevated expression of miR-146a correlates with high levels of immune cell exhaustion markers and suppresses cellular immune function in chronic HIV-1-infected patients.
Different Degrees of 5 \' -3 \'  DAR Interactions Modulate Zika Virus Genome Cyclization and Host Specific Replication.
Targeting the Kaposi Sarcoma Herpesvirus ORF 21 tyrosine kinase and viral lytic reactivation by tyrosine kinase inhibitors approved for clinical use.
Molecular mechanism for antibody-dependent enhancement of coronavirus entry.
Herpes Simplex Virus Type-1 specific CD8+ T cell priming and latent ganglionic retention are shaped by viral epitope promoter kinetics.
A recombinant platform for flavivirus vaccines and diagnostics using chimeras of a new insect-specific virus.
Molecular point-of-care testing for influenza A/B and respiratory syncytial virus: comparison of workflow parameters for the ID Now and cobas Liat systems.
Performance of Zika Assays in the Context of Toxoplasma gondii, Parvovirus B19, Rubella Virus, and Cytomegalovirus (TORCH) Diagnostic Assays.
Novel anti-flavivirus drugs targeting the nucleolar distribution of core protein.
Single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) frequencies and distribution reveal complex genetic composition of seven novel natural isolates of Cydia pomonella granulovirus.
Inhibitors of the interferon response increase the replication of gorilla simian foamy viruses.
HIV-1 genetic diversity and divergence and its correlation with disease progression among antiretroviral naive recently infected individuals.
The human papillomavirus 16 E5 gene potentiates MmuPV1-Dependent pathogenesis.
Comparative study of the effects of ortho-, meta- and para-carboranes (C2B10H12) on the physicochemical properties, cytotoxicity and antiviral activity of uridine and 2 \' -deoxyuridine boron cluster conjugates.
Antiviral potential of human IFN-alpha subtypes against influenza A H3N2 infection in human lung explants reveals subtype-specific activities.
Structural characterization and antiviral activity of two fucoidans from the brown algae Sargassum henslowianum.
Generation of Yellow Fever virus vaccine in skeletal muscle cells of chicken embryos.
IL-4/IL-13 polarization of macrophages enhances Ebola virus glycoprotein-dependent infection.
Risk factors and clinical characteristics of patients with nosocomial influenza A infection.
Prospects of Next-Generation Vaccines for Bluetongue.
Impact of Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy on Chronic Hepatitis B Serological Markers among Senegalese HIV Co-infected Children.
The Botanical Glycoside Oleandrin Inhibits Human T-cell Leukemia Virus Type-1 Infectivity and Env-Dependent Virological Synapse Formation.
All Patients With Common Variable Immunodeficiency Disorders (CVID) Should Be Routinely Offered Diagnostic Genetic Testing.
Enolase From Aspergillus fumigatus Is a Moonlighting Protein That Binds the Human Plasma Complement Proteins Factor H, FHL-1, C4BP, and Plasminogen.
Inhibition of miR-378a-3p by Inflammation Enhances IL-33 Levels: A Novel Mechanism of Alarmin Modulation in Ulcerative Colitis.
Molecular Detection and Genetic Characterization of Novel RNA Viruses in Wild and Synanthropic Rodents and Shrews in Kenya.
Dengue Virus Infection Activates Interleukin-1beta to Induce Tissue Injury and Vascular Leakage.
Novel circovirus species identified in farmed pigs designated as Porcine circovirus 4, Hunan province, China.
The epidemiology of norovirus gastroenteritis in China: disease burden and distribution of genotypes.
ELLSA based profiling of surface glycosylation in microorganisms reveals that ss-glucan rich yeasts \'  surfaces are selectively recognized with recombinant banana lectin.
Molecular characterization of feline paramyxovirus in Japanese cat populations.
TAC1, an unclassified bacteriophage of the family Myoviridae infecting Acinetobacter baumannii with a large burst size and a short latent period.
Intracellular delivery of therapeutic antibodies into specific cells using antibody-peptide fusions.
The Human Cytomegalovirus Nonstructural Glycoprotein UL148 Reorganizes the Endoplasmic Reticulum.
[Emerging viral outbreaks].
Association of CMV genomic mutations with symptomatic infection and hearing loss in congenital CMV infection.
Epidemiological and genetic characteristics of human metapneumovirus in pediatric patients across six consecutive seasons in Beijing, China.
Out of Africa: the origins of the protozoan blood parasites of the Trypanosoma cruzi clade found in bats from Africa.
The role of sphingosine-1-phosphate signaling in HSV-1-infected human umbilical vein endothelial cells.
Isolation and phylogenomic analysis of Buffalopox virus from Human and Buffaloes in India.
Assessment of the impact of forestry and leisure activities on wild boar spatial disturbance with a potential application to ASF risk of spread.
Influence of pruning time and viral infection on stilbenoid levels in Pinot noir grape canes.
Cell transformation by the Adenovirus oncogenes E1 and E4.
Viral suppression and factors associated with failure to achieve viral suppression among pregnant women in South Africa: a national cross-sectional survey.
Dengue Virus-Specific Humoral and T Cellular Immune Response in Italian Residents and Travelers Returning from Endemic Areas.
Quadrivalent VesiculoVax vaccine protects nonhuman primates from viral-induced hemorrhagic fever and death
Different formins restrict localization of distinct tropomyosins on dorsal stress fibers in osteosarcoma cells.
Polymerase chain reaction for the diagnosis of herpesvirus infections in dermatology : Analysis of clinical data.
[Merkel-cell carcinoma].
Estimating the period prevalence of non-convulsive status epilepticus among comatose adults at the University Teaching Hospital in Lusaka, Zambia.
Zika virus: A possible emerging threat for Bangladesh!
Lassa virus RNA detection from suspected cases in Nigeria, 2011-2017.
Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy: Current Insights.
PtpA and PknG Proteins Secreted by Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis are Recognized by Sera from Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Case-Control Study.
Lower Rates Of Naturally Occurring Resistance-Associated Substitutions (RASs) In Hepatitis C Virus (HCV)-Infected Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) Patients Than In HCV-Infected Patients With Only Liver Disease.
Biotinylated Single-Domain Antibody-Based Blocking ELISA for Detection of Antibodies Against Swine Influenza Virus.
Correction: Fhit modulation of the Akt-survivin pathway in lung cancer cells: Fhit-tyrosine 114 (Y114) is essential.
First identification of mammalian orthoreovirus type 3 by gut virome analysis in diarrheic child in Brazil.
Detectability of HIV residual viremia despite therapy is highly associated with treatment with a protease inhibitor-based combination ART.
Reversible Cerebral Angiopathy after Viral Infection in a Pediatric Patient with Genetic Variant of RNF213.
Human transcription factor YY1 could upregulate the HIV-1 gene expression.
PedCAPNETZ - prospective observational study on community acquired pneumonia in children and adolescents.
British Journal of Biomedical Science in 2019. What have we learned?
Camelids and Cattle Are Dead-End Hosts for Peste-des-Petits-Ruminants Virus.
Therapeutic Vaccine in Chronically HIV-1-Infected Patients: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Phase IIa Trial with HTI-TriMix.
(S)-10-Hydroxycamptothecin Inhibits Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma Growth In Vitro and In Vivo Via Decreasing Topoisomerase I Enzyme Activity.
The Urgent Need for Novel Antimicrobial Agents and Strategies to Fight Antibiotic Resistance.
Recombinant Modified Vaccinia Virus Ankara (MVA) Vaccines Efficiently Protect Cockatiels Against Parrot Bornavirus Infection and Proventricular Dilatation Disease.
Quantitative Proteomic Analysis Uncovers the Mediation of Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress-Induced Autophagy in DHAV-1-Infected DEF Cells.
Suggestive Serological Evidence of Infection with Shrew-Borne Imjin Virus (Hantaviridae) in Humans.
Inactivation of Classical Swine Fever Virus in Porcine Serum Samples Intended for Antibody Detection.
Further Evidence for in Utero Transmission of Equine Hepacivirus to Foals.
Erratum: Lopez, J.E., et al. Tick-Borne Relapsing Fever Spirochetes in the Americas. Vet. Sci. 2016, 3, 16.
Presence of B19V in Patients with Thyroid Gland Disorders.
Chrysoviruses Inhabited Symbiotic Fungi of Lichens.
A Comparative Analysis of Factors Influencing Two Outbreaks of Middle Eastern Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) in Saudi Arabia and South Korea.
Characterization and Phylodynamics of Reassortant H12Nx Viruses in Northern Eurasia.
Effect of Different Adjuvants on the Longevity and Strength of Humoral and Cellular Immune Responses to the HCV Envelope Glycoproteins.
Establishment of canine macrophages stably expressing GFP-tagged canine LC3 protein for effectively detecting autophagy.
A Simple Intervention to Increase Human Papillomavirus Vaccination in a Family Medicine Practice.
Diversity of A(H5N1) clade 2.3.2.1c avian influenza viruses with evidence of reassortment in Cambodia, 2014-2016.
Disrupting MLV integrase:BET protein interaction biases integration into quiescent chromatin and delays but does not eliminate tumor activation in a MYC/Runx2 mouse model.
Dengue virus reduces AGPAT1 expression to alter phospholipids and enhance infection in Aedes aegypti.
The evolution and genetic diversity of avian influenza A(H9N2) viruses in Cambodia, 2015 - 2016.
Increased T-helper Cell 2 Response in Infants With Respiratory Syncytial Virus Bronchiolitis Hospitalized Outside Epidemic Peak.
Large Stem/Progenitor-Like Cell Subsets can Also be Identified in the CD45- and CD45+/High Populations in Early Human Milk.
Cytomegalovirus reactivation after bortezomib treatment for multiple myeloma and light chain amyloidosis.
Chinese wheat mosaic virus-derived vsiRNA-20 can regulate virus infection in wheat through inhibition of vacuolar- (H+ )-PPase induced cell death.
Molecular Detection Of Multidrug-Resistant Salmonella Isolated From Livestock Production Systems In South Africa.
Combined Effects Of Low Incubation Temperature, Minimal Growth Medium, And Low Hydrodynamics Optimize Acinetobacter baumannii Biofilm Formation.
Rotavirus molecular epidemiology in hospitalized patients, Northern Italy, 2015-2018.
Global burden of hepatitis B infection in people living with HIV: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evolutionary Medicine of Retroviruses in the Human Genome.
Conditional expression of a dominant-negative form of Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) nuclear antigen EBNALP inhibits EBV-positive lymphoblastoid cell growth.
GloPID-R report on chikungunya, o \' nyong-nyong and Mayaro virus, part 5: Entomological aspects.
[The overlooked burden of hepatitis E in hematological patients].
Prognostic significance of SF3B1 mutations in patients with myelodysplastic syndromes: A meta-analysis.
A Bph-like nitroarene dioxygenase catalyzes the conversion of 3-nitrotoluene to 3-methylcatechol from Rhodococcus sp. strain ZWL3NT.
Proliferating Transitory T Cells with an Effector-like Transcriptional Signature Emerge from PD-1+ Stem-like CD8+ T Cells during Chronic Infection.
Antiretroviral concentration measurements as an additional tool to manage virologic failure in resource limited settings: a case control study.
Ebola Virus Uptake into Polarized Cells from the Apical Surface.
 \' High \'  antiretroviral deintensification strategy and cellular HIV DNA levels.
Designing a therapeutic hepatitis B vaccine to circumvent immune tolerance.
Toward the identification of ZDHHC enzymes required for palmitoylation of viral protein as potential drug targets.
Low-abundance drug-resistant HIV-1 variants in antiretroviral drug-naive individuals: A systematic review of detection methods, prevalence, and clinical impact.
Full-length human cytomegalovirus terminase pUL89 adopts a two-domain structure specific for DNA packaging.
Distinct rates and patterns of spread of the major HIV-1 subtypes in Central and East Africa.
TDM-guided Crushed Sofosbuvir-velpatasvir Treatment: A case study.
A SCAFFOLD SIMPLIFICATION STRATEGY LEADS TO A NOVEL GENERATION OF DUAL HUMAN IMMUNODEFICIENCY VIRUS AND ENTEROVIRUS-A71 ENTRY INHIBITORS.
[The role of viral infection in the development of recurrent lower urinary tract infections].
Securing sustainable funding for viral hepatitis elimination plans.
A conserved ATP- and Scc2/4-dependent activity for cohesin in tethering DNA molecules.
Evolution and phylogeography of Culex pipiens densovirus.
Attenuation by l-thyroxine of oxidant-induced gut epithelial damage.
Human SNORA31 variations impair cortical neuron-intrinsic immunity to HSV-1 and underlie herpes simplex encephalitis.
Complete Genome Sequence of vB_EcoP_PR_Kaz2018, a T7-Like Bacteriophage.
Opt-out screening for HIV, hepatitis B and hepatitis C: observational study of screening acceptance, yield and treatment outcomes.
The complex challenges of HIV vaccine development require renewed and expanded global commitment.
Cost Utility of Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter 2 Inhibitors in the Treatment of Metformin Monotherapy Failed Type 2 Diabetes Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
The transcriptional coactivator and histone acetyltransferase CBP regulates neural precursor cell development and migration.
Cytokine production and phenotype of Histomonas meleagridis-specific T cells in the chicken.
Proteomic analysis of cerebrospinal fluid extracellular vesicles reveals synaptic injury, inflammation, and stress response markers in HIV patients with cognitive impairment.
Needs assessment of emergency medical and rescue services in Abuja/Nigeria and environs.
Plant-Produced Anti-Enterovirus 71 (EV71) Monoclonal Antibody Efficiently Protects Mice Against EV71 Infection.
The Prevalence of HSV, HHV-6, HPV and Mycoplasma genitalium in Chlamydia trachomatis positive and Chlamydia trachomatis Negative Urogenital Samples among Young Women in Finland.
The combined effect of oleonuezhenide and wedelolactone on proliferation and osteoblastogenesis of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells.
Construction and optimization of Lactobacillus plantarum expression system expressing glycoprotein 5 of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus.
Design, synthesis and discovery of novel N,N \' -carbazoyl-aryl-urea inhibitors of Zika NS5 methyltransferase and virus replication.
Recruitment of miR-8080 by luteolin inhibits androgen receptor splice variant 7 expression in castration-resistant prostate cancer.
Longitudinal bioluminescent imaging of HIV-1 infection during antiretroviral therapy and treatment interruption in humanized mice.
IgG Fc-binding motif-conjugated HIV-1 fusion inhibitor exhibits improved potency and in vivo half-life: Potential application in combination with broad neutralizing antibodies.
Elvitegravir-Cobicistat-Emtricitabine-Tenofovir Alafenamide Single-tablet Regimen for Human Immunodeficiency Virus Postexposure Prophylaxis.
A new antiviral scaffold for human norovirus identified with computer-aided approaches on the viral polymerase.
Secondary lower limbs lymphedema in patients with Chikungunya fever.
Influenza B viral load analysis in patients with acute respiratory infection from a tertiary hospital in Brazil.
Genotypes II and VIId-based inactivated Newcastle disease vaccine reduces virus shedding.
Co-infection of Newcastle disease virus genotype XIII with low pathogenic avian influenza exacerbates clinical outcome of Newcastle disease in vaccinated layer poultry flocks.
Clinical evaluation, serological response and lesions generated by the A/Mexico/La Gloria-3/2009/H1N1 and A/swine/New Jersey/11/1976/H1N1 influenza viruses in colostrated and non-colostrated pigs.
Association of HPV16 and 18 genomic copies with histological grades of cervical lesions.
Comparative evaluation of three rapid immunochromatographic test assays with chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay for the detection of hepatitis C virus antibody.
Viral hepatitis among acute hepatitis patients attending tertiary care hospital in central India.
Molecular evidence of human papillomaviruses in the retinoblastoma tumor.
A Study on the Identification of Five Arboviruses from Hematophagous Mosquitoes and Midges Captured in Some Parts of Northern Turkey.
Genetic, Epigenetic and Phenotypic Diversity of Four Bacillus velezensis Strains Used for Plant Protection or as Probiotics.
Efficient inhibition of foot-and-mouth disease virus replication in vitro by artificial microRNA targeting 3D polymerase.
Phosphorylation of nucleopolyhedrovirus 39K is essential for the regulation of viral gene transcription in silkworm cells.
Genetic variation and phylogenetic analysis of Porcine circovirus type 2 in China from 2016 to 2018.
Genomic and phylogenetic characterization of a bunya-like virus from the freshwater Chinese mitten crab Eriocheir sinensis.
Proteomics analysis of suckling mouse brain infected with attenuated rabies virus strain SRV9.
Identification of the experimental herbaceous host range of the Apscaviroids infecting citrus species.
Attenuation and amino acid changes in infectious bronchitis virus Iranian 793/B serotype during serial passaging in embryonated chicken eggs.
Molecular detection of Marek \' s disease virus in feather and blood samples from young laying hens in Colombia.
Identification of a novel member of the family Betaflexiviridae from the hallucinogenic plant Salvia divinorum.
Zostera virus T - a novel virus of the genus Tepovirus identified in the eelgrass, Zostera muelleri.
Therapy-Induced Changes in CXCR4 Expression in Tumor Xenografts Can Be Monitored Noninvasively with N-[11C]Methyl-AMD3465 PET.
Correction to: Impact of intensive care unit supportive care on the physiology of Ebola virus disease in a universally lethal non-human primate model.
Association of HLA Genotype With T-Cell Activation in Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and HIV/Hepatitis C Virus-Coinfected Women.
Discovery of specialized NK cell populations infiltrating human melanoma metastases.
Functional perturbation of mucosal group 3 innate lymphoid and natural killer cells in SHIV/SIV-infected infant rhesus macaques.
The Ubiquitin specific Protease Usp7, a novel Merkel cell polyomavirus Large T-Antigen interaction partner, modulates viral DNA replication.
Mutations in the NA-like protein of bat influenza H18N11 virus enhance virus replication in mammalian cells, mice, and ferrets.
Rousette Bat Dendritic Cells Overcome Marburg Virus-Mediated Antiviral Responses by Upregulation of Interferon-Related Genes While Downregulating Proinflammatory Disease Mediators.
Cytomegalovirus infection in HIV-infected patients in the era of combination antiretroviral therapy.
Comparing Urine and Blood Screening Methods to Detect BK Virus After Renal Transplant.
Development and Validation of a S1 Protein-Based ELISA for the Specific Detection of Antibodies against Equine Coronavirus.
Comparative Analysis of Roseoloviruses in Humans, Pigs, Mice, and Other Species.
Bracing for the Worst - Range Expansion of the Lone Star Tick in the Northeastern United States.
Rheumatological Manifestations Associated with Viral Hepatitis B or C.
PROFILE OF HCV GENOTYPES AND HIV-SUBTYPES AMONG HIV-COINFECTED PATIENTS IN SOUTHERN BRAZIL.
Higher frequency of vertebrate-infecting viruses in the gut of infants born to mothers with type 1 diabetes.
Inhibition of histone deacetylase 1 (HDAC1) and HDAC2 enhances CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing.
E and prM proteins of genotype V Japanese encephalitis virus are required for its increased virulence in mice.
TRIM8 is required for virus-induced IFN response in human plasmacytoid dendritic cells.
A cross sectional study of dengue virus infection in febrile patients presumptively diagnosed of malaria in Maiduguri and Jos plateau, Nigeria.
Cisplatin effect on head and neck squamous cell carcinoma cells is modulated by ERK1/2 protein kinases.
Genome-Wide Variation in Potyviruses.
Evans Blue Inhibits HBV Replication Through a Dual Antiviral Mechanism by Targeting Virus Binding and Capsid Assembly.
A One Health perspective to identify environmental factors that affect Rift Valley fever transmission in Gezira state, Central Sudan.
The dynamic proteome of influenza A virus infection identifies M segment splicing as a host range determinant.
Type I-F CRISPR-Cas resistance against virulent phages results in abortive infection and provides population-level immunity.
A functional investigation of the suppression of CpG and UpA dinucleotide frequencies in plant RNA virus genomes.
Limited evolution of the yellow fever virus 17d in a mouse infection model.
TRIM21-mediated proteasomal degradation of SAMHD1 regulates its antiviral activity.
Low-dose cidofovir and conversion to mTOR-based immunosuppression in polyomavirus-associated nephropathy (PVAN).
Antimicrobial susceptibility and genetic profile of Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae isolates from Brazil.
First detection and genetic characterization of a novel kirkovirus from a dead thoroughbred mare in northern Xinjiang, China, in 2018.
Binomial nomenclature for virus species: a consultation.
Simian Immunodeficiency Virus Infection of Rhesus Macaques Results in Delayed Zika Virus Clearance.
Delay in the diagnosis of measles complicated by pneumonitis and appendicitis in a returning traveller.
Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) neutralising antibodies in a high-risk human population, Morocco, November 2017 to January 2018.
Seroprevalence of viral hepatitis A, B, C, D and E viruses in the Hormozgan province southern Iran.
Male circumcision and the risk of gonorrhoea, syphilis, HIV and human papillomavirus among men in Tanzania.
Identification of Mycoplasma genitalium among Mexican women using the Seeplex STD6 ACE Detection kit: are results accurate?
An engineered human IgG1 CH2 domain with decreased aggregation and nonspecific binding.
The Inhibitory Effects of Pentacyclic Triterpenes from Loquat Leaf against Th17 Differentiation.
[Genetic characteristics of five human adenovirus type 53 strains isolated from Taiyuan city in 2016, China].
[Expert consensus on immunoprophylaxis of human papillomavirus-related diseases (abridged)].
Transcriptional Profiles of Murine Bone Marrow-Derived Dendritic Cells in Response to Peste des Petits Ruminants Virus.
IFNalpha and IFNgamma Impede Marek \' s Disease Progression.
Measles Virus Infection and Immunity in a Suboptimal Vaccination Coverage Setting.
Medicinal Signaling Cells Metabolite Oral Based as a Potential Biocompatible Biomaterial Accelerating Oral Ulcer Healing (In Vitro Study).
Differential transmission of Sri Lankan cassava mosaic virus by three cryptic species of the whitefly Bemisia tabaci complex.
Introduction of human gammaherpesvirus 8 genotypes A, B, and C into Brazil from multiple geographic regions.
Circulation of influenza virus from 2009 to 2018 in Cameroon: 10 years of surveillance data.
Chikungunya virus replication in skeletal muscle cells is required for disease development.
Pre-existing subtype immunodominance shapes memory B cell recall response to influenza vaccination.
Interaction of host cellular factor ANP32B with matrix proteins of different paramyxoviruses.
Specific Small-Molecule NIR-II Fluorescence Imaging of Osteosarcoma and Lung Metastasis.
Ribavirin for Hepatitis E Virus Infection After Organ Transplantation: A Large European Retrospective Multicenter Study.
The interaction of phages and bacteria: the co-evolutionary arms race.
Adenoviral hepatitis in two Nile crocodile (Crocodylus niloticus) hatchlings from South Africa.
Molecular detection of Mycoplasma synoviae and avian reovirus infection in arthritis and tenosynovitis lesions of broiler and breeder chickens in Santa Catarina State, Brazil.
Hantavirus Antibodies among Phyllostomid Bats from the Arc of Deforestation in Southern Amazonia, Brazil.
Detection, Quantification, and Microbial Risk Assessment of Group A Rotavirus in Rivers from Uruguay.
A viral link for type 1 diabetes.
Prospective virome analyses in young children at increased genetic risk for type 1 diabetes.
Structures of MERS-CoV spike glycoprotein in complex with sialoside attachment receptors.
Evolution of the innate and adaptive immune response in women with acute Zika virus infection.
Phage combination therapies for bacterial wilt disease in tomato.
Concurrent administration of IFNalpha14 and cART in TKO-BLT mice enhances suppression of HIV-1 viremia but does not eliminate the latent reservoir.
Predicting the spatial abundance of Ixodes ricinus ticks in southern Scandinavia using environmental and climatic data.
Establishment of a brain cell line (FuB-1) from mummichog (Fundulus heteroclitus) and its application to fish virology, immunity and nanoplastics toxicology.
Detrimental Role of Neutrophil Extracellular Traps during Dengue Virus Infection.
Predictive power of the ADHD GWAS 2019 polygenic risk scores in independent samples of bipolar patients with childhood ADHD.
Antiviral activities of extremophilic actinomycetes extracts from Kazakhstan \' s unique ecosystems against influenza viruses and paramyxoviruses.
HSV-1 triggers paracrine fibroblast growth factor response from cortical brain cells via immediate-early protein ICP0.
Molecular and evolutionary characterization of norovirus GII.17 in the northern region of Brazil.
Next generation sequencing of human enterovirus strains from an outbreak of enterovirus A71 shows applicability to outbreak investigations.
The heterogeneity of influenza seasonality by subtype and lineage in China.
Identification of a New HCV subtype 6xi Among Chronic Hepatitis C Patients in Yunnan, China.
Therapeutic monoclonal antibody treatment protects nonhuman primates from severe Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus disease after aerosol exposure.
Fluorescent Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus illuminates tissue tropism patterns and identifies early mononuclear phagocytic cell targets in IFNAR-/- mice.
Intra-host growth kinetics of dengue virus in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
KSHV activates unfolded protein response sensors but suppresses downstream transcriptional responses to support lytic replication.
Silencing of transcription factor encoding gene StTCP23 by small RNAs derived from the virulence modulating region of potato spindle tuber viroid is associated with symptom development in potato.
Identification of new antiviral agents against Kaposi \' s sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV) by high-throughput drug screening reveals the role of histamine-related signaling in promoting viral lytic reactivation.
Polymorphism analyses and protein modelling inform on functional specialization of Piwi clade genes in the arboviral vector Aedes albopictus.
CRISPR/Cas9-mediated gene deletion of the ompA gene in symbiotic Cedecea neteri impairs biofilm formation and reduces gut colonization of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
Early diagnosis and risk factors of acute hepatitis C in high-risk MSM on preexposure prophylaxis.
Presence of Tat and transactivation response element in spinal fluid despite antiretroviral therapy.
A mosaic tetracycline resistance gene tet(S/M) detected in an MDR pneumococcal CC230 lineage that underwent capsular switching in South Africa.
Concurrent reactivation of varicella zoster virus and herpes simplex virus in an immunocompetent elderly male.
The AP-1 pathway; A key regulator of cellular transformation modulated by oncogenic viruses.
Value in Hepatitis C Virus Treatment: A Patient-Centered Cost-Effectiveness Analysis.
Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome complicated with subdural hematoma: A rare case and literature review.
Wildfire-induced short-term changes in a small mammal community increase prevalence of a zoonotic pathogen?
Molecular docking analysis of flavonoid compounds with HIV-1 Reverse transcriptase for the identification of potential effective inhibitors.
Detection of Oropouche virus in saliva and urine samples of febrile patients in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil.
Rapid detection of respiratory organisms with FilmArray respiratory panel and its impact on clinical decisions in Shanghai, China, 2016-2018.
A novel jumbo Tenacibaculum maritimum lytic phage with head-fiber-like appendages.
Heterologous prime-boost vaccination against tuberculosis with recombinant Sendai virus and DNA vaccines.
Pediatric Myocarditis Protocol: An Algorithm for Early Identification and Management with Retrospective Analysis for Validation.
Model-based cost-effectiveness estimates of testing strategies for diagnosing hepatitis C virus infection in people who use injecting drugs in Senegal.
Two microPeptides are translated from a KSHV polycistronic RNA in human cells by leaky scanning mechanism.
ITRAQ-based quantitative proteomics reveals the first proteome profiles of piglets infected with porcine circovirus type 3.
Whole genome sequencing and phylogenetic characterization of a novel bat-associated picornavirus-like virus with an unusual genome organization.
Development and application of a full-length infectious clone of potato virus Y isolate belonging to SYR-I strain.
Tracing the evolutionary history of hepadnaviruses in terms of e antigen and middle envelope protein expression or processing.
Inflammatory and cardiovascular diseases biomarkers in chronic hepatitis C virus infection: A review.
Induced expression of CYP51 associated with difenoconazole resistance in the pathogenic Alternaria sect. on potato in China.
Complete genomic sequence of crow-dipper mosaic-associated virus, a novel macluravirus infecting Pinellia ternata.
Novel positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus related to alphavirus-like viruses from Fusarium graminearum.
Subclinical infection of captive Asian elephants (Elephas maximus) in Thailand with elephant endotheliotropic herpesvirus.
Genome Analysis of Dasineura jujubifolia Toursvirus 2, A Novel Ascovirus.
A Novel Field-Deployable Method for Sequencing and Analyses of Henipavirus Genomes From Complex Samples on the MinION Platform.
Post-exposure prophylaxis with rVSV-ZEBOV following exposure to a patient with Ebola virus disease relapse in the UK: an operational, safety and immunogenicity report.
Programmed DNA elimination of germline development genes in songbirds.
Characterization of novel, recurrent genomic rearrangements as sensitive MRD targets in childhood B-cell precursor ALL.
Pathogenic CARD11 mutations affect B cell development and differentiation through a noncanonical pathway.
Type I Interferon Signaling Disrupts the Hepatic Urea Cycle and Alters Systemic Metabolism to Suppress T Cell Function.
Anticancer effects of sodium and potassium quercetin-5 \' -sulfonates through inhibition of proliferation, induction of apoptosis, and cell cycle arrest in the HT-29 human adenocarcinoma cell line.
Meningitis gone viral: description of the echovirus wave 2013 in Germany.
Characteristics and outcome of influenza-associated encephalopathy/encephalitis among children in a tertiary pediatric hospital in Italy, 2017-2019.
PD1Hi CD8+ T cells correlate with exhausted signature and poor clinical outcome in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Angiogenesis and immune checkpoint inhibitors as therapies for hepatocellular carcinoma: current knowledge and future research directions.
Knowledge, attitude, and practice towards Hepatitis B infection among nurses and midwives in two maternity hospitals in Khartoum, Sudan.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis strains of the modern Beijing sublineage excessively accumulate triacylglycerols in vitro.
Next-generation sequencing shows marked rearrangements of BK polyomavirus that favor but are not required for polyomavirus-associated nephropathy.
Molecular evolution of the hemagglutinin-neuraminidase (HN) gene in human respirovirus 3.
Development of A Fission Yeast Cell-based Platform for High Throughput Screening of HIV-1 Protease Inhibitors.
Virulence Factors, Capsular Serotypes and Antimicrobial Resistance of Hypervirulent Klebsiella pneumoniae and Classical Klebsiella pneumoniae in Southeast Iran.
Zinc finger protein 5 (ZFP5) associates with ethylene signaling to regulate the phosphate and potassium deficiency-induced root hair development in Arabidopsis.
Alternative pathway of complement activation has a beneficial role against Chandipura virus infection.
Complete genome sequence of a novel polerovirus in Ornithogalum thyrsoides from South Africa.
Engagement in care, viral suppression, drug resistance and reasons for non-engagement after home-based same-day ART initiation in Lesotho: a two-year follow-up of the CASCADE trial.
VLPs Derived from the CCMV Plant Virus Can Directly Transfect and Deliver Heterologous Genes for Translation into Mammalian Cells.
Recent advances in understanding Japanese encephalitis.
Efficacy of a Peruvian Botanical Remedy (Sabell A4+) for Treating Liver Disease and Protecting Gastric Mucosal Integrity.
Host Intrinsic and Innate Intracellular Immunity During Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 (HSV-1) Infection.
Constructing and Characterizing Bacteriophage Libraries for Phage Therapy of Human Infections.
Development of an RNA Virus-Based Episomal Vector Capable of Switching Transgene Expression.
Estimating the risk of arbovirus transmission in Southern Europe using vector competence data.
Corrigendum to "Chemical nature of electrochemical activation of carbon electrodes" [Biosensors and Bioelectronics Volume 144, (1 November 2019), 111534].
A New Host Factor Essential for Chikungunya Virus.
Transcriptomic analysis of monocytes from HIV-positive men on antiretroviral therapy reveals effects of tobacco smoking on interferon and stress response systems associated with depressive symptoms.
Differential expression and predictive value of monocyte scavenger receptor CD163 in populations with different tuberculosis infection statuses.
Ebola Vaccine Trials: Progress in Vaccine Safety and Immunogenicity.
Insights into Innate Sensing of Prototype Foamy Viruses in Myeloid Cells.
Genetic Diversity among Pseudorabies Viruses Isolated from Dogs in France from 2006 to 2018.
Prediction of unfavorable outcomes in West Nile virus neuroinvasive infection - Result of a multinational ID-IRI study.
Ribavirin inhibition of cell-culture infectious hepatitis C genotype 1-3 viruses is strain-dependent.
GADD34 attenuates HIV-1 replication by viral 5 \' -UTR TAR RNA-mediated translational inhibition.
Human cytomegalovirus promotes the activation of TGF-beta1 in human umbilical vein endothelial cells by MMP-2 after endothelial mesenchymal transition.
Oncogenic high-risk human papillomavirus in patients with full denture.
Acinetobacter baumannii infections in Amazon Region driven by extensively drug resistant international clones, 2016-2018.
A case of orf.
In-field evaluation of Xpert  HCV viral load fingerstick assay in people who inject drugs in Tanzania.
Genetic diversity of Legionella pcs and pmtA genes and the effect of utilization of choline by Legionella spp. on induction of proinflammatory cytokines.
Estimating the global prevalence, disease progression and clinical outcome of hepatitis delta virus infection.
Structure and function of cis-acting RNA elements of flavivirus.
The Emergence of Subgenotype ON-1 of Human orthopneumovirus type A in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia: A New Episode of the Virus Epidemiological Dynamic.
Lessons Learned from Adenovirus (1970-2019).
HCV Cure Rates are Reduced in Patients with Active but not Inactive Hepatocellular Carcinoma- A Practice Implication.
Correction: A bright NIR-II fluorescent probe for breast carcinoma imaging and image-guided surgery.
Identification and evolution of avian endogenous foamy viruses.
Comparison of cytokine profiles induced by nonlethal and lethal doses of influenza A virus in mice.
Analysis of Expression Profiles of Long Noncoding RNAs and mRNAs in A549 Cells Infected with H3N2 Swine Influenza Virus by RNA Sequencing.
Hepatitis C Virus NS2 Protein Suppresses RNA Interference in Cells.
Human bocavirus in children hospitalized for acute respiratory tract infection in Rome.
Cell culture propagation of foot-and-mouth disease virus: adaptive amino acid substitutions in structural proteins and their functional implications.
Absence of bovine leukemia virus proviral DNA in Japanese human blood cell lines and human cancer cell lines.
Genomic characterization of Malus domestica virus A (MdoVA), a novel velarivirus infecting apple.
A diarylamine derived from anthranilic acid inhibits ZIKV replication.
Quantification of phosphoinositides reveals strong enrichment of PIP2 in HIV-1 compared to producer cell membranes.
Introduction of a plasmid and a protein into bovine and swine cells by water-in-oil droplet electroporation.
A MUC16 IgG binding activity selects for a restricted subset of IgG enriched for certain SIV epitope specificities.
The IFNL4 gene is a non-canonical interferon gene with a unique but evolutionarily conserved regulation.
Breaking the convention: Sialoglycan variants, Co-receptors and Alternative Receptors for Influenza A Virus Entry.
Nucleocapsid protein recruitment to replication-transcription complexes plays a crucial role in coronaviral life cycle.
HPV E7 Oncoprotein Subverts Host Innate Immunity Via SUV39H1-Mediated Epigenetic Silencing of Immune Sensor Genes.
Polymorphisms in the most oncolytic reovirus strain confer enhanced cell attachment, transcription and single-step replication kinetics.
Intact HIV proviruses persist in children 7-9 years after initiation of ART in the first year of life.
High Agreement Between an Ultrasensitive C. difficile Toxin Assay and a C. difficile Laboratory Algorithm Utilizing GDH-and-Toxin EIAs and Cytotoxin Testing.
First evidence of a new simian adenovirus clustering with Human mastadenovirus F viruses.
Imported cases of Chikungunya virus in Iran.
The increasing menace of dengue in Guangzhou, 2001-2016: the most important epicenter in mainland China.
Temporal modulation of host aerobic glycolysis determines the outcome of Mycobacterium marinum infection.
IRF-7 Is a Critical Regulator of Type 2 Innate Lymphoid Cells in Allergic Airway Inflammation.
Plasma and tumoral glypican-3 levels are correlated in patients with hepatitis C virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Comparative vector competence of the Afrotropical soft tick Ornithodoros moubata and Palearctic species, O. erraticus and O. verrucosus, for African swine fever virus strains circulating in Eurasia.
Risk factors for the carriage of Streptococcus infantarius subspecies infantarius isolated from African fermented dairy products.
VP7 and VP4 genotypes of rotaviruses co-circulating in Iran, 2015-2017: Comparison with cogent sequences of Rotarix and RotaTeq vaccine strains before their use for universal mass vaccination.
Renal trauma in a Trauma Intensive Care Unit population.
Placental infection by Zika virus in French Guiana.
Journey of begomovirus betasatellite molecules: from satellites to indispensable partners.
Maize Iranian mosaic virus (family Rhabdoviridae) improves biological traits of its vector Laodelphax striatellus.
Molecular characterization of common bean curly stunt virus: a novel recombinant geminivirus in China.
Mx genes: host determinants controlling influenza virus infection and trans-species transmission.
Real-time imaging of individual virion-triggered cortical actin dynamics for human immunodeficiency virus entry into resting CD4 T cells.
A Case of Granulomatosis with Polyangiitis (Wegener \' s Granulomatosis) Presenting with Rapidly Progressive Glomerulonephritis.
Osteogenic Differentiation of Human Amniotic Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Chitosan-Carbonate Apatite Scaffold (In Vivo Study).
Mass production of a S-layer protein of Bacillus thuringiensis and its toxicity to the cattle tick Rhipicephalus microplus.
CD71+ Erythroid Cells Exacerbate HIV-1 Susceptibility, Mediate trans-Infection, and Harbor Infective Viral Particles.
Recognizing the Top 25 Peer Reviewers for the Journal of Virology.
Detection of new endemic focus of tick-borne encephalitis virus (TBEV), Hampshire/Dorset border, England, September 2019.
A probable case of tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) acquired in England, July 2019.
Clinical and virological findings in patients with Usutu virus infection, northern Italy, 2018.
Dengue infection during pregnancy in Burkina Faso: a cross-sectional study.
Rotavirus symptomatic infection among unvaccinated and vaccinated children in Valencia, Spain.
Identifying potential entry inhibitors for emerging Nipah virus by molecular docking and chemical-protein interaction network.
Influenza H1 Mosaic Hemagglutinin Vaccine Induces Broad Immunity and Protection in Mice.
Bacteriotherapy in Breast Cancer.
Semi-Synthetic Ingenol Derivative from Euphorbia tirucalli Inhibits Protein Kinase C Isotypes and Promotes Autophagy and S-phase Arrest on Glioma Cell Lines.
Preventive Tuberculosis Treatment Effect on QuantiFERON TB-Gold In-tube Testing in a High Tuberculosis-endemic Country: A Clinical Trial.
Antibodies against measles and rubella virus among different age groups in Thailand: A population-based serological survey.
LFRET, a novel rapid assay for anti-tissue transglutaminase antibody detection.
Urban livestock-keeping and dengue in urban and peri-urban Hanoi, Vietnam.
The characteristics of Posner-Schlossman syndrome: A comparison in the surgical outcome between cytomegalovirus-positive and cytomegalovirus-negative patients.
Call for Papers: Special Issue on Structural Virology.
The biology of the Adenovirus E1B 55K protein.
What Is Norovirus?
A Phase IIa Study Evaluating Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Antiviral Activity of GSK2838232, a Novel, Second-generation Maturation Inhibitor, in Participants With Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 Infection.
Neutralization sites of human papillomavirus-6 relate to virus attachment and entry phase in viral infection.
Proline-based allosteric inhibitors of Zika and Dengue virus NS2B/NS3 proteases.
Serotype specific differences in the laboratory parameters among hospitalized children with dengue and genetic diversity of dengue viruses circulating in Tamil Nadu, India during 2017.
Respiratory viruses in individuals with high frequency of animal exposure in southern and highland Vietnam.
Typical epidemiology of respiratory virus infections in a Brazilian slum.
alpha-mangostin attenuates pristane-induced lupus nephritis by regulating Th17 differentiation.
The RNA Exosome and Human Disease.
Non-nucleoside hepatitis B virus polymerase inhibitors identified by an in vitro polymerase elongation assay.
Three-dimensional architecture of a mechanoreceptor in the brown planthopper, Nilaparvata lugens, revealed by FIB-SEM.
The DI-DII linker of human parainfluenza virus type 3 fusion protein is critical for the virus.
Multiple cytokine-producing aggressive EBV-positive diffuse large B cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified with hemophagocytic syndrome.
Molecular detection of respiratory pathogens among children aged younger than 5 years hospitalized with febrile acute respiratory infections: A prospective hospital-based observational study in Niamey, Niger.
Wide Sexual Dimorphism of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Presentation in Algeria.
Influenza A variants with reduced susceptibility to baloxavir isolated from Japanese patients are fit and transmit through respiratory droplets.
Atomic structure of the human herpesvirus 6B capsid and capsid-associated tegument complexes.
A structural basis for antibody-mediated neutralization of Nipah virus reveals a site of vulnerability at the fusion glycoprotein apex.
Linker editing of pneumococcal lysin ClyJ conveys improved bactericidal activity.
OLA-Simple: A software-guided HIV-1 drug resistance test for low-resource laboratories.
Immunogenicity and safety of vaccination against seasonal influenza vaccine in patients with psoriatic arthritis treated with secukinumab.
Biphasic evolution of varicella-zoster virus meningoencephalitis : Diagnostic challenges.
Indazolyl-substituted piperidin-4-yl-aminopyrimidines as HIV-1 NNRTIs: Design, synthesis and biological activities.
Mimicking the passage of avian influenza viruses through the gastrointestinal tract of chickens.
Diagnostics in the context of an eradication program: Results of the German bovine viral diarrhea proficiency trial.
Monitoring of the shedding and serological dynamics of Bovine gammaherpesvirus type 4 in a dairy cattle herd.
Design and characterization of a consensus hemagglutinin vaccine immunogen against H3 influenza A viruses of swine.
Peste des petits ruminants viruses of lineages II and III identified in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Sindbis virus- a wild bird associated zoonotic arbovirus circulates in Germany.
Virological and epidemiological patterns of swine influenza A virus infections in France: Cumulative data from the RESAVIP surveillance network, 2011-2018.
Genetic diversity of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus 1 in the United States of America from 2010 to 2018.
Molecular and microscopic characterisation of a novel pathogenic herpesvirus from Indian ringneck parrots (Psittacula krameri).
Cholesterol 25-Hydroxylase inhibits bovine parainfluenza virus type 3 replication through enzyme activity-dependent and -independent ways.
MicroRNA gga-miR-455-5p suppresses Newcastle disease virus replication via targeting cellular suppressors of cytokine signaling 3.
Tandem repeat sequence of duck circovirus serves as downstream sequence element to regulate viral gene expression.
Construction and immunological evaluation of recombinant Newcastle disease virus vaccines expressing highly pathogenic porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus GP3/GP5 proteins in pigs.
Serological study reveal different antigenic IBDV strains prevalent in southern China during the years 2000-2017 and also the antigenic differences between the field strains and the commonly used vaccine strains.
S100A9 regulates porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus replication by interacting with the viral nucleocapsid protein.
Pathogenicity of a QX-like strain of infectious bronchitis virus and effects of accessory proteins 3a and 3b in chickens.
Attenuation and characterization of porcine enteric alphacoronavirus strain GDS04 via serial cell passage.
Delivery of a thermo-enzymatically treated influenza vaccine using pulmonary surfactant in pigs.
Measles in Poland in 2017
Bovine Foamy Virus: Shared and Unique Molecular Features In Vitro and In Vivo.
Design and Synthesis of New 6-Nitro and 6-Amino-3,3a,4,5-Tetrahydro-2H-Benzo[g]indazole Derivatives: Antiproliferative and Antibacterial Activity.
Characterization of Brain Inflammation, Apoptosis, Hypoxia, Blood-Brain Barrier Integrity and Metabolism in Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis Virus (VEEV TC-83) Exposed Mice by In Vivo Positron Emission Tomography Imaging.
Reprogramming of cellular metabolic pathways by human oncogenic viruses.
Analysis of the in vitro replication phenotype of African hepatitis B virus (HBV) genotypes and subgenotypes present in Australia identifies marked differences in DNA and protein expression.
A comprehensive proteomics analysis of JC virus Agnoprotein-interacting proteins: Agnoprotein primarily targets the host proteins with coiled-coil motifs.
FMD vaccine matching: inter laboratory study for improved understanding of r1 values.
Probing the effect of quercetin 3-glucoside from Dianthus superbus L against influenza virus infection- In vitro and in silico biochemical and toxicological screening.
CDR3alpha drives selection of the immunodominant Epstein Barr virus (EBV) BRLF1-specific CD8 T cell receptor repertoire in primary infection.
The impact of genetic adaptation on chimpanzee subspecies differentiation.
Dengue viruses infect human megakaryocytes, with probable clinical consequences.
HPV Vaccine for Treatment of Recalcitrant Cutaneous Warts in Adults: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Presence of EBV DNA in Cerebrospinal Fluid is Associated with Greater HIV RNA and Inflammation.
Rift Valley Fever Virus: Propagation, Quantification, and Storage.
Dataset of the microbiome composition in skin lesions caused by lumpy skin disease virus via 16s rRNA massive parallel sequencing.
Characterizing how probiotic Lactobacillus reuteri 6475 and lactobacillic acid mediate suppression of osteoclast differentiation.
[Outcome of acute renal failure in subjects with HIV living in Abidjan, Ivory Coast over the period 1st January 2014 to 31st December 2017].
Molecular characteristics and replication mechanism of dengue, zika and chikungunya arboviruses, and their treatments with natural extracts from plants: An updated review.
One-step Monitoring of Multiple Enterovirus 71 Infection-Related MicroRNAs Using Core-satellite Structure of Magnetic Nanobeads and Multicolor Quantum Dots.
[Study on Dynamic Changes of Human Papillomavirus 16 E5 Gene in the Occurrence of Cervical Cancer].
Role of Surface RGD Patterns on Protein Nanocages in Tumor Targeting Revealed Using Precise Discrete Models.
In vitro time-kill kinetics of dalbavancin against Staphylococcus spp. biofilms over prolonged exposure times.
Hepatic glypican-3 and alpha-smooth muscle actin overexpressions reflect severity of liver fibrosis and predict outcome after successful portoenterostomy in biliary atresia.
Development of Methodology for Analyzing RNA Structure and Its Application in Molecular Biology and Virology.
Phylo-diversity of prevalent human E. coli O157:H7 with strains from retailed meat and fish in selected markets in Ibadan Nigeria.
Changes in the physicochemical properties of fish cell membranes during cellular senescence.
Simultaneous detection and quantification of DNA and protein biomarkers in spectrum of cardiovascular diseases in a microfluidic microbead chip.
Development of horse neutralizing immunoglobulin and immunoglobulin fragments against Junin virus.
Quantification of plasma BK polyomavirus loads is affected by sequence variability, amplicon length, and non-encapsidated viral DNA genome fragments.
Fibroblastic FAP promotes intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma growth via MDSCs recruitment.
PACS1 is an HIV-1 cofactor that functions in Rev-mediated nuclear export of viral RNA.
Molecular characterization and RSV Co-infection of Nicotiana benthamiana with three distinct begomoviruses.
Impact of diagnostic methods on efficacy estimation - a proof-of-principle based on historical examples.
State-of-the-art human adenovirus vectorology for therapeutic approaches.
MVP promotes hepatocellular carcinoma via targeting IRF2 and decreasing p53 activity.
Fatal granulomatous amoebic encephalitis due to free-living amoebae in two boys in two different hospitals in Lima, Peru.
Methyltransferase of a cell culture-adapted hepatitis E inhibits the MDA5 receptor signaling pathway.
Complete sequence of a new bipartite begomovirus infecting Sida sp. in Northeastern Brazil.
Correction to: Risk factors for lymphopenia in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis treated with dimethyl fumarate.
The Fungal PCR Initiative \' s evaluation of in-house and commercial Pneumocystis jirovecii qPCR assays: Toward a standard for a diagnostics assay.
Qualitative microbiome profiling along a wastewater system in Kampala, Uganda.
Disentangling the role of Africa in the global spread of H5 highly pathogenic avian influenza.
Identification of Infectious Agents in High-Throughput Sequencing Data Sets Is Easily Achievable Using Free, Cloud-Based Bioinformatics Platforms.
Epidemiological investigations of Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever virus infection in sheep and goats in Balochistan, Pakistan.
Structure-activity relationship study of the pyridine moiety of isothiazolo[4,3-b]pyridines as antiviral agents targeting cyclin G-associated kinase.
Evaluation of the RIDA GENE RT-PCR assays for detection of sapovirus, astrovirus, adenovirus, and rotavirus in stool samples of adults in Switzerland.
Genomic alterations in STK11 can predict clinical outcomes in cervical cancer patients.
Experimental Listeria-Tetrahymena-Amoeba food chain functioning depends on bacterial virulence traits.
A Subcellular Quantitative Proteomic Analysis of Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1-Infected HEK 293T Cells.
Marek \' s Disease Virus Infection of Natural Killer Cells.
From wild harvest towards precision agriculture: Use of Ecological Niche Modelling to direct potential cultivation of wild medicinal plants in Crete.
Anti-Viral Effects of Interferon-lambda3 on Hepatitis B Virus Infection in Cell Culture.
EPIDEMIOLOGY OF HEPATITIS E VIRUS INFECTION IN A COHORT OF 4,023 IMMUNOCOMPROMISED PATIENTS.
Nucleocapsid proteins from other swine enteric coronaviruses differentially modulate PEDV replication.
Kaposi \' s sarcoma-associated herpesvirus is cell-intrinsically controlled in latency in microgravity.
MicroRNAs and exosomes: key players in HIV pathogenesis.
Ty-1, a universal resistance gene against geminiviruses that is compromised by co-replication of a betasatellite.
Results of phase 2 trials exploring the safety and efficacy of omiganan in patients with human papillomavirus-induced genital lesions.
Interferon signature in immunosuppressed patients with lower respiratory tract infections: dosage on bronchoalveolar lavage.
Characterization of a histo-blood group antigens-like substance in romaine lettuce that contributes to human noroviruses attachment.
Molecular epidemiology of human bocavirus infection in hospitalised children with acute gastroenteritis in South Africa, 2009-2015.
Atypical herpes simplex keratitis: frequency, clinical presentations and treatment results.
Histomorphologic assessment and distribution of high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV) types in cervical high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions with unusual histomorphologic features.
The Role of Emerging and Neglected Viruses in the Etiology of Hepatitis.
Absence of Human Papillomavirus in Benign and Malignant Breast Tissue.
LINC01149 variant modulates MICA expression that facilitates hepatitis B virus spontaneous recovery but increases hepatocellular carcinoma risk.
Leishmania RNA virus exacerbates Leishmaniasis by subverting innate immunity via TLR3-mediated NLRP3 inflammasome inhibition.
Coordination of cohabiting phage elements supports bacteria-phage cooperation.
GPCR-induced calcium transients trigger nuclear actin assembly for chromatin dynamics.
Loss of Chondroitin Sulfate Modification Causes Inflammation and Neurodegeneration in skt Mice.
Nearly Complete Genome Sequence of Human Influenza Virus Strain A/Almaty/6327/2014 (H1N1) from Central Asia.
UV-C irradiation is able to inactivate pathogens found in commercially collected porcine plasma as demonstrated by swine bioassay.
Sequencing of animal viruses: quality data assurance for NGS bioinformatics.
Magnitude of Rotavirus A and Campylobacter jejuni infections in children with diarrhea in Twin cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad, Pakistan.
Co-circulation of the two influenza B lineages during 13 consecutive influenza surveillance seasons in Italy, 2004-2017.
Deep sequencing of hepatitis B surface antigen gene in the preserved umbilical cords in immunoprophylaxis failure against mother-to-child HBV transmission.
Zika virus infects human blood mononuclear cells.
Characteristics and outcomes of antiretroviral-treated HIV-HBV co-infected patients in Canada?
Malaria parasite prevalence and Haematological parameters in HIV seropositive patients attending the regional hospital Limbe, Cameroon: a hospital-based cross-sectional study.
Assessment of a health facility based active case finding system for Ebola virus disease in Mbandaka, Democratic Republic of the Congo, June-July 2018.
Using Microbiological Sampling to Evaluate the Efficacy of Nasofibroscope Disinfection: The Tristel Trio Wipes System in Ear-Nose-Throat (ENT) Endoscopy.
Staphylococcus arlettae Genomics: Novel Insights on Candidate Antibiotic Resistance and Virulence Genes in an Emerging Opportunistic Pathogen.
Cellular Attachment and Entry Factors for Chikungunya Virus.
Molecular Detection and Characterization of the First Cowpox Virus Isolate Derived from a Bank Vole.
Electrostatically Driven Encapsulation of Hydrophilic, Non-Conformational Peptide Epitopes into Liposomes.
Liver X Receptor Agonism Sensitizes a Subset of Hepatocellular Carcinoma to Sorafenib by Dual-Inhibiting MET and EGFR.
Site-directed modification of adenoviral vector with combined DNA assembly and restriction-ligation cloning.
Human herpesvirus 6A active infection in patients with autoimmune Hashimoto \' s thyroiditis.
NCOA2 promotes lytic reactivation of Kaposi \' s sarcoma-associated herpesvirus by enhancing the expression of the master switch protein RTA.
Clinical use, efficacy, and durability of maraviroc for antiretroviral therapy in routine care: A European survey.
Repurposing the antimalarial pyronaridine tetraphosphate to protect against Ebola virus infection.
Chikungunya virus populations experience diversity- dependent attenuation and purifying intra-vector selection in Californian Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
Vaccination strategies to control Ebola epidemics in the context of variable household inaccessibility levels.
Annual booster vaccination and the risk of equine influenza to Thoroughbred racehorses.
Machine Learning Methods for Predicting Human-adaptative Influenza A Viruses Based on Viral Nucleotide Compositions.
Characteristics of Hospitalized Rhinovirus-Associated Community-Acquired Pneumonia in Children, Finland, 2003-2014.
Prognostic models for adverse pregnancy outcomes in low-income and middle-income countries: a systematic review.
Hepatopathy of unknown etiology - is liver biopsy a good tool in differential diagnosis?
C1R Mutations Trigger Constitutive Complement 1 Activation in Periodontal Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
Ubiquitination of the HPV Oncoprotein E6 Is Critical for E6/E6AP-Mediated p53 Degradation.
Bactericidal and virucidal efficacies of food additive grade calcium hydroxide under various concentrations, organic material conditions, exposure duration, and its stability.
The dynamics and interactions of respiratory pathogen carriage among French pilgrims during the 2018 Hajj.
Are adenoviruses zoonotic? A systematic review of the evidence.
The vaginal metabolome and microbiota of cervical HPV-positive and HPV-negative women: a cross-sectional analysis.
Levels of human cytomegalovirus miR-US25-1-5p and miR-UL112-3p in serum extracellular vesicles from infants with HCMV active infection are significantly correlated with liver damage.
pGP-B2E, a Recombinant Compatible TA/TB-Ligation Vector for Rapid and Inexpensive Gene Cloning.
Distribution of infectious endogenous retroviruses in mixed-breed and purebred cats.
Complete genome sequence of a novel capillovirus infecting Hevea brasiliensis in China.
Differences in antibody responses against Chelonid alphaherpesvirus 5 suggest differences in virus biology between green turtles from Hawaii and Florida.
Single amino acid differences between closely related reovirus T3D lab strains alter oncolytic potency in vitro and in vivo.
The C protein is recruited to measles virus ribonucleocapsids by the phosphoprotein.
CpG dinucleotides inhibit HIV-1 replication through zinc finger antiviral protein (ZAP)-dependent and -independent mechanisms.
Genome-wide transcriptome analysis of human papillomavirus type 16 infected primary keratinocytes reveals subtle perturbations mostly due to E7 protein expression.
Individual and partner characteristics associated with HIV testing and counseling uptake among individuals 50 years or older in Tanzania.
Molecular and IHC analysis of head and neck carcinomas associated with HPV infection.
Eastern Equine Encephalitis Virus - Another Emergent Arbovirus in the United States.
Lipid-Based Nanocarriers for delivery of Small interfering RNA for therapeutic use.
Helminth Infections Suppress the Efficacy of Vaccination against Seasonal Influenza.
PI4KB on Inclusion Bodies Formed by ER Membrane Remodeling Facilitates Replication of Human Parainfluenza Virus Type 3.
Metabolic Profiling Using Stable Isotope Tracing Reveals Distinct Patterns of Glucose Utilization by Physiologically Activated CD8+ T Cells.
[Comparative analysis of methods efficiency of virification of the tick-borne encephalite virus.]
Schistosomiasis was not associated with higher HIV-1 plasma or genital set point viral loads among HIV seroconverters from four cohort studies.
Corrigendum to : Influenza Vaccines After 7 Decades: Still on the Learning Curve.
Effects of the Age-Related Resistance to Potato virus Y in Potato on the Systemic Spread of the Virus, Incidence of the Potato Tuber Necrotic Ringspot Disease, Tuber Yield, and Translocation Rates Into Progeny Tubers.
Call for Special Issue Papers: Viral Oncolysis.
Long-term protection against dengue viruses in mice conferred by a tetravalent DNA vaccine candidate.
AMPK and Akt/mTOR signaling pathways participate in glucose-mediated regulation of HBV replication and cellular autophagy.
Novel evidence indicates the presence and replication of hepatitis B virus in breast cancer tissue.
Discovery of the Streptoketides by Direct Cloning and Rapid Heterologous Expression of a Cryptic PKS II Gene Cluster from Streptomyces sp. Tu6314.
Extended detection and isolation of Murray Valley encephalitis virus in whole blood and urine.
Detection and molecular characterization of canine circovirus circulating in northeastern China during 2014-2016.
Comparative thermostability analysis of zoonotic and human influenza virus A and B neuraminidase.
Antigenic fingerprinting of RSV-A infected hematopoietic cell transplant recipients reveals importance of mucosal anti-RSV-G antibodies in control of RSV infection in humans.
Neurodevelopment at 11 months after starting antiretroviral therapy within 3 weeks of life.
Novel gRNA design pipeline to develop broad-spectrum CRISPR/Cas9 gRNAs for safe targeting of the HIV-1 quasispecies in patients.
HPV infection and the genital cytokine milieu in women at high risk of HIV acquisition.
The prevalence of anti-hepatitis C antibody among acute febrile illness cases in Idar Taluk, Gujarat, West India.
Characteristics of treatment-naive HBV-infected individuals with HIV-1 coinfection: A cross-sectional study from South India.
An Investigation on the Coinfection of Measles and HSV-1 in Hospitalized Acute Encephalitis Syndrome Patients in Eastern India.
Metagenomics of the faecal virome indicate a cumulative effect of enterovirus and gluten amount on the risk of coeliac disease autoimmunity in genetically at risk children: the TEDDY study.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of substituted flavones and aurones as potential anti-influenza agents.
Emerging Role of Mitochondrial DNA as a Major Driver of Inflammation and Disease Progression.
BK Polyomavirus-specific T cell immune responses in kidney transplant recipients diagnosed with BK Polyomavirus-associated nephropathy.
Correction to: International prospective observational cohort study of Zika in infants and pregnancy (ZIP study): study protocol.
Survey and Characterization of Jingmen Tick Virus Variants.
The Potential of Influenza HA-Specific Immunity in Mitigating Lethality of Postinfluenza Pneumococcal Infections.
Multiple Lineages of Usutu Virus (Flaviviridae, Flavivirus) in Blackbirds (Turdus merula) and Mosquitoes (Culex pipiens, Cx. modestus) in the Czech Republic (2016-2019).
Prothrombotic and Proinflammatory Activities of the beta-Hemolytic Group B Streptococcal Pigment.
Protein inhibitor of activated STAT1 (PIAS1) inhibits IRF8 activation of Epstein-Barr virus lytic gene expression.
Histone deacetylases in virus-associated cancers.
Antitumor activity of CDK inhibitor alsterpaullone in Epstein-Barr virus-associated lymphoproliferative disorders.
Norovirus-Associated Gastroenteritis, Pernambuco, Northeast Brazil, 2014-2017.
Drug-Drug Interactions Between Antiretrovirals and Carbamazepine/Oxcarbazepine: A Real-Life Investigation.
[Biomarkers of angiogenesis and endothelial dysfunction in children and adolescents with chronic viral hepatitis.]
Dental Changes In Children With Congenital Zika Syndrome.
The impact of grapevine red blotch disease on Vitis vinifera L. Chardonnay grape and wine composition and sensory attributes over three seasons.
Unintended HIV-1 Infection During Analytical Therapy Interruption.
Prevalence of HPV in Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma in South West India.
Identification of novel BRCA1 large genomic rearrangements by a computational algorithm of amplicon-based Next-Generation Sequencing data.
Bornaviruses in naturally infected Psittacus erithacus in Portugal: insights of molecular epidemiology and ecology.
Correlation between biofilm formation and carbapenem resistance among clinical isolates of Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Cell Culture Models and Animal Models for HBV Study.
Immunopathogenesis of HBV Infection.
HBV Genome and Life Cycle.
In-depth serum virome analysis in patients with acute liver failure with indeterminate etiology.
HIV-1 integrase drug-resistance mutations in Iranian treatment-experienced HIV-1-infected patients.
Molecular surveillance of human rotaviruses in drinking water and investigation of the efficiency of their removal in Isfahan water treatment plant.
A Translational Approach to Predicting the Efficacy of Maraviroc-based Regimens as HIV Pre-exposure Prophylaxis.
Dendritic cells targeting the Lactobacillus plantarum NC8 strain with a surface-displayed single-chain variable fragment of CD11c induce an antigen-specific protective cellular immune response.
Cerpegin-derived furo[3,4-c]pyridine-3,4(1H,5H)-diones enhance cellular response to interferons by de novo pyrimidine biosynthesis inhibition.
Neuronal maturation reduces the type I IFN response to orthobunyavirus infection and leads to increased apoptosis of human neurons.
Construction of Epstein-Bar Virus Cocktail Peptide Fused with Fcgamma of IgG: As a Potential Delivery System for Vaccine Development.
A New Look at the Structures of Old Sepsis Actors by Exploratory Data Analysis Tools.
Parechovirus A Pathogenesis and the Enigma of Genotype A-3.
Impact of Pregnancy on Intra-Host Genetic Diversity of Influenza A Viruses in Hospitalised Women: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Use of Monocyte-Derived Macrophage Culture Increases Zika Virus Isolation Rate from Human Plasma.
A Toxicity Screening Approach to Identify Bacteriophage-Encoded Anti-Microbial Proteins.
The respiratory syncytial virus polymerase can perform RNA synthesis with modified primers and nucleotide analogs.
Characterization of pUL5, an HCMV protein interacting with the cellular protein IQGAP1.
Targets and mechanisms of sulforaphane derivatives obtained from cruciferous plants with special focus on breast cancer - contradictory effects and future perspectives.
Mutation studies and structure-based identification of potential inhibitor molecules against periplasmic amino acid binding protein of Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus (CLasTcyA).
Increased Moraxella and Streptococcus following severe bronchiolitis is associated with recurrent wheezing.
ZIKA VIRUS SEROPREVALENCE IN BLOOD DONORS FROM THE NORTHEASTERN REGION OF SAO PAULO STATE, BRAZIL, BETWEEN 2015 - 2017.
FilmArray Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) panel in the diagnosis of bacterial meningitis.
Gaps in maternal influenza vaccine uptake in Northern Territory: A need for a year-round influenza vaccination campaign.
Influenza epidemiology in patients admitted to sentinel Australian hospitals in 2018: the Influenza Complications Alert Network (FluCAN).
Annual Immunisation Coverage Report 2017.
Kinetics of HTLV-1 reactivation from latency quantified by single-molecule RNA FISH and stochastic modelling.
Reprogramming the unfolded protein response for replication by porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus.
Insights into HIV-1 capsid inhibitors in preclinical and early clinical development as antiretroviral agents.
Epstein-Barr virus molecular epidemiology and variants identification in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
AAV5-miHTT Lowers Huntingtin mRNA and Protein without Off-Target Effects in Patient-Derived Neuronal Cultures and Astrocytes.
Production and Immunogenicity of Soluble Plant-Produced HIV-1 Subtype C Envelope gp140 Immunogens.
Identification of a Porcine Liver EomeshighT-betlow NK Cell Subset That Resembles Human Liver Resident NK Cells.
Impaired Antibody-Independent Immune Response of B Cells in Patients With Acute Dengue Infection.
Intestinal Microbiota-Associated Metabolites: Crucial Factors in the Effectiveness of Herbal Medicines and Diet Therapies.
Importance of the Microbiota Inhibitory Mechanism on the Warburg Effect in Colorectal Cancer Cells.
RADIOACTIVE REMEDIATION OF AQUATIC ECOSYSTEMS USING MICROALGAE.
Epstein-Barr Virus-associated Early Gastric Cancer Treated with Endoscopic Submucosal Dissection: A Possible Candidate for Extended Criteria of Endoscopic Submucosal Dissection.
Zika virus threshold determines transmission by European Aedes albopictus mosquitoes.
[Study of tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily 1B gene polymorphism in relation to the outcomes of HCV infection].
Characterization and genome sequencing of a novel T7-like lytic phage, kpssk3, infecting carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Targeting bromodomain-containing protein 4 (BRD4) inhibits MYC expression in colorectal cancer cells.
Size and affinity kinetics of nanobodies influence targeting and penetration of solid tumours.
Metagenomic analysis of virome cross-talk between cultivated Solanum lycopersicum and wild Solanum nigrum.
In experimental challenge with infectious clones of Macrobrachium rosenbergii nodavirus (MrNV) and extra small virus (XSV), MrNV alone can cause mortality in freshwater prawn (Macrobrachium rosenbergii).
Early antibody responses map to non-protective, PCV2 capsid protein epitopes.
The Atlantic salmon interleukin 4/13 receptor family: Structure, tissue distribution and modulation of gene expression.
Emetine protects mice from enterovirus infection by inhibiting viral translation.
Virus isolation and genotype identification of human respiratory syncytial virus in Guizhou Province, China.
Comment on - A multi-center study of entecavir vs. tenofovir on prognosis of treatment-naive chronic hepatitis B in the Republic of Korea.
Acute Hypoxemic Respiratory Failure and Native Lung Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Exacerbation in Single-lung Transplant Patients with Cytomegalovirus Disease: A Case Series.
EGR1 upregulation following Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus infection is regulated by ERK and PERK pathways contributing to cell death.
HIV-1 inhibits haematopoiesis via microRNA secreted by virus-infected CD4+ T-cells.
Molecular Signature of Hepatitis B Virus Regulation by IFN-gamma in Primary Human Hepatocyte.
Is there a role played by HLA-E, if any, in HPV immune evasion?
Decreased Local Immune Response and Retained HPV Gene Expression during Chemoradiotherapy are Associated with Treatment Resistance and Death from Cervical Cancer.
Galectin-9 Expression Defines a Subpopulation of NK Cells with Impaired Cytotoxic Effector Molecules but Enhanced IFN-gamma Production, Dichotomous to TIGIT, in HIV-1 Infection.
Jennifer Anne Mumford.
Absence of high-risk human papilloma virus in p16 positive inverted sinonasal papilloma.
Vaccination with Glycan-Modified HIV NFL Envelope Trimer-Liposomes Elicits Broadly Neutralizing Antibodies to Multiple Sites of Vulnerability.
Development and characterization of chitosan/polyvinyl alcohol polymer material with elastolytic and collagenolytic activities.
In Vivo Characterization of Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus in Bank Voles (Myodes glareolus).
The Envelope Residues E152/156/158 of Zika Virus Influence the Early Stages of Virus Infection in Human Cells.
Treatment of Highly Pathogenic H7N9 Virus-Infected Mice with Baloxavir Marboxil.
Erythromycin Estolate Inhibits Zika Virus Infection by Blocking Viral Entry as a Viral Inactivator.
IFITM3 and type I interferons are important for the control of influenza A virus replication in murine macrophages.
The novel thioredoxin reductase inhibitor A-Z2 triggers intrinsic apoptosis and shows efficacy in the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia.
Electrostatic interactions at the five-fold axis alter heparin-binding phenotype and drive EV-A71 virulence in mice.
Sylvatic dengue virus type 4 in Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus mosquitoes in an urban setting in Peninsular Malaysia.
EV71 infection induces neurodegeneration via activating TLR7 signaling and IL-6 production.
Influenza viruses that require 10 genomic segments as antiviral therapeutics.
Global knowledge gaps in acute febrile illness etiologic investigations: A scoping review.
Hospital discharges-based search of acute flaccid paralysis cases 2007-2016 in Italy and comparison with the National Surveillance System for monitoring the risk of polio reintroduction.
Exploring lay public and dental professional knowledge around HPV transmission via oral sex and oral cancer development.
Multi-Target CFTR Modulators Endowed with Multiple Beneficial Side Effects for Cystic Fibrosis Patients: Toward a Simplified Therapeutic Approach.
Evidence of CPV2c introgression into Croatia and novel insights into phylogeny and cell tropism.
Cell Biology During Infection of Plant Viruses in Insect Vectors and Plant Hosts.
Child case of Buruli ulcer successfully treated through a school-based skin survey project in Cote d \' Ivoire.
Can inorganic elements affect herpesvirus infections in European eels?
Successful treatment of non-HIV progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy: case report and literature review.
Incorporation of doxorubicin in different polymer nanoparticles and their anticancer activity.
Author Correction: Global diversity and biogeography of bacterial communities in wastewater treatment plants.
DAMIAN: an open source bioinformatics tool for fast, systematic and cohort based analysis of microorganisms in diagnostic samples.
Hepatitis E virus replication in human intestinal cells.
Identifying climate-sensitive infectious diseases in animals and humans in Northern regions.
The 164 K, 165 K, and 167 K residues of VP1 are vital for goose parvovirus proliferation in GEFs based on PCR-based reverse genetics system.
The global burden of premature mortality due to the Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) using standard expected years of life lost, 2012 to 2019.
Detection of Fusarium Species in Clinical Specimens by Probe-Based Real-Time PCR.
TraFo-CRISPR: Enhanced Genome Engineering by Transient Foamy Virus Vector-Mediated Delivery of CRISPR/Cas9 Components.
Increased Mosquito Midgut Infection by Dengue Virus Recruitment of Plasmin Is Blocked by an Endogenous Kazal-type Inhibitor.
Molecular characterisation of a novel pathogenic avipoxvirus from the Australian magpie (Gymnorhina tibicen).
Development and validation of nucleic acid tests to diagnose Aleutian mink disease virus.
Gut Bacterial Bouncers: Keeping Viral Pathogens out of the Epithelium.
Subclinical in utero Zika virus infection is associated with interferon alpha sequelae and sex-specific molecular brain pathology in asymptomatic porcine offspring.
Chromatin dynamics and the transcriptional competence of HSV-1 genomes during lytic infections.
Host signaling and EGR1 transcriptional control of human cytomegalovirus replication and latency.
HCMV miR-US22 down-regulation of EGR-1 regulates CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cell proliferation and viral reactivation.
In vitro modeling of Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis infection of the amphibian skin.
The Role of Viral Coinfection in Bronchiolitis Treated With High-Flow Nasal Cannula at Pediatric Emergency Department During 2 Consecutive Seasons: An Observational Study.
Role of regulatory T cells and checkpoint inhibition in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Validated Models of Immune Response to Virus Infection.
Knowledge and practice of pregnant women and health care workers on hepatitis B prevention in the Limbe and Muyuka health districts of the south west region of Cameroon.
Genome-wide mutagenesis of hepatitis C virus reveals genome ability to overcome detrimental mutations.
Lethal hemorrhagic disease and clinical illness associated with the elephant EEHV1 virus are caused by primary infection: Implications for the detection of diagnostic proteins.
High rates of treatment failure for Mycoplasma genitalium among men and women attending a sexual health clinic.
An influential meal: host plant dependent transcriptional variation in the beet armyworm, Spodoptera exigua (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
A decade of enterovirus genetic diversity in Belgium.
GENETIC DIVERSITY of OVINE HERPESVIRUS 2 STRAINS OBTAINED FROM MALIGNANT CATARRHAL FEVER CASES in EASTERN TURKEY.
Control of Germinal Center Localization and Lineage Stability of Follicular Regulatory T Cells by the Blimp1 Transcription Factor.
Practices and opinions of New Zealand beef cattle farmers towards bovine viral diarrhoea control in relation to real and perceived herd serological status.
Antibodies against HPV16E6 oncoprotein in the Swiss HIV Cohort Study: kinetics and anal cancer risk prediction.
Annexin-1 Mimetic Peptide Ac2-26 Suppresses Inflammatory Mediators in LPS-Induced Astrocytes and Ameliorates Pain Hypersensitivity in a Rat Model of Inflammatory Pain.
Microtubule-dependent transport of arenavirus matrix protein demonstrated using live-cell imaging microscopy.
Heat resistance and presence of genes encoding staphylococcal enterotoxins evaluated by multiplex-PCR of Staphylococcus aureus isolated from pasteurized camel milk.
Clinical aspects of congenital microcephaly syndrome by Zika virus in a rehabilitation center for patients with microcephaly.
Identification of Zika virus in immature phases of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus: a surveillance strategy for outbreak anticipation.
Factors influencing subclinical atherosclerosis in patients with biopsy-proven nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Synthesis, Antiviral Activity and Induction of Plant Resistance of Indole Analogues Bearing Dithioacetal Moiety.
Uncommon Ehrlichia canis infection associated with morulae in neutrophils from naturally infected dogs in Brazil.
Quantitation of large, middle and small hepatitis B surface proteins in HBeAg-positive patients treated with peginterferon alfa-2a.
Modeling the Transport of Human Rotavirus and Norovirus in Standardized and in Natural Soil Matrix-Water Systems.
Occupational Animal Contact in Southern and Central Vietnam.
Perspective: Evolving Concepts in the Diagnosis and Understanding of Common Variable Immunodeficiency Disorders (CVID).
Medical Male Circumcision and Associations Among Sexually Transmitted Infections Service Attendees.
Alternative complement pathway is activated in the brains of scrapie-infected rodents.
Estimating HIV-1 incidence in Japan from the proportion of recent infections.
An enterohaemorrhagic Escherichia coli outbreak spread through the environment at an institute for people with intellectual disabilities in Japan in 2005.
The Structural and Immunological Properties of Chimeric Proteins Containing HIV-1 MPER Sites.
Structure of the zinc-finger antiviral protein in complex with RNA reveals a mechanism for selective targeting of CG-rich viral sequences.
Off-target effects of an insect cell-expressed influenza HA-pseudotyped Gag-VLP preparation in limiting postinfluenza Staphylococcus aureus infections.
Schoolteachers \'  experiences of implementing school-based vaccination programs against human papillomavirus in a Chinese community: a qualitative study.
Serum fibroblast growth factor 19 serves as a potential novel biomarker for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Risk factors of 90-day rehospitalization following discharge of pediatric patients hospitalized with mycoplasma Pneumoniae pneumonia.
Genomic epidemiology supports multiple introductions and cryptic transmission of Zika virus in Colombia.
Spectrum of clinical and radiographic findings in patients with diagnosis of H1N1 and correlation with clinical severity.
Improved Biomarker and Imaging Analysis for Characterizing Progressive Cardiac Fibrosis in a Mouse Model of Chronic Chagasic Cardiomyopathy.
Oral manifestations of allograft recipients immediately before and after kidney transplantation.
The Capsid Protein of Hepatitis E Virus Inhibits Interferon Induction via Its N-terminal Arginine-Rich Motif.
Molecular Characterization of Uropathogenic Escherichia coli Reveals Emergence of Drug Resistant O15, O22 and O25 Serogroups.
The Methyltransferase Region of Vesicular Stomatitis Virus L Polymerase Is a Target Site for Functional Intramolecular Insertion.
High-Throughput MicroRNA Profiles of Permissive Madin-Darby Canine Kidney Cell Line Infected with Influenza B Viruses.
Seroprevalences of Newly Discovered Porcine Pestiviruses in German Pig Farms.
NK Cells from RAG- or DCLRE1C-Deficient Patients Inhibit HCMV.
Biotechnological Potential of Bacteria Isolated from the Sea Cucumber Holothuria leucospilota and Stichopus vastus from Lampung, Indonesia.
Visualization of Positive and Negative Sense Viral RNA for Probing the Mechanism of Direct-Acting Antivirals against Hepatitis C Virus.
Trametinib in the treatment of multiple malignancies harboring MEK1 mutations.
In vitro evaluation of the antibacterial activities of radezolid and linezolid for Streptococcus agalactiae.
Typing of Human Cosaviruses by sequencing of full VP1: Update on global genetic diversity and identification of possible new genotypes circulating in Tunisia, North Africa.
A cloned classical swine fever virus derived from the vaccine strain GPE- causes cytopathic effect in CPK-NS cells via type-I interferon-dependent necroptosis.
Hepatitis B viremia in HIV-coinfected individuals under antiretroviral therapy.
Mitochondrial dysfunctions in HIV infection and antiviral drug treatment.
Viruses Reveal the Secrets of Plasmodesmal Cell Biology.
Defective glycosylation and multisystem abnormalities characterize the primary immunodeficiency XMEN disease.
Diverging trends in incidence of HIV versus other sexually transmitted infections in HIV-negative men who have sex with men (MSM) in Amsterdam.
Rift Valley fever virus in small ruminants in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
First-time detection of bovine viral diarrhoea virus, BVDV-1, in cattle in Botswana.
Structural insight into the length-dependent binding of ssDNA by SP_0782 from Streptococcus pneumoniae, reveals a divergence in the DNA-binding interface of PC4-like proteins.
Antibacterial activity and mechanism of action of chitosan nanofibers against toxigenic Clostridioides (Clostridium) difficile Isolates.
Bidirectional Regulatory Mechanisms of Jaceosidin on Mitochondria Function: Protective Effects of the Permeability Transition and Damage of Membrane Functions.
A bright NIR-II fluorescent probe for breast carcinoma imaging and image-guided surgery.
A standard numbering scheme for class C beta-lactamases.
The value of Torque Teno Virus (TTV) as a marker for the degree of immunosuppression in adult patients after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT).
Effect of omega-3 rich diet on the response of Japanese quails (Coturnix coturnix japonica) infected with Newcastle disease virus or avian influenza virus H9N2.
Dysregulation of FOXO transcription factors in Epstein-Barr virus-associated gastric carcinoma.
Assessment of readiness to transition from antenatal HIV surveillance surveys to PMTCT program data based HIV surveillance, in South Africa, the 2017 Antenatal Sentinel HIV Survey.
Successful Treatment of Veno-occlusive Disease, Transplantation-Associated Thrombotic Microangiopathy, and Acute Graft-vs-Host Disease in a Patient with Relapsed Epstein-Barr Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis After Haploidentical Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation: A Case Report.
Whole-genome sequencing of human Pegivirus variant from an Egyptian patient co-infected with hepatitis C virus: a case report.
Heterogeneity in HIV and cellular transcription profiles in cell line models of latent and productive infection: implications for HIV latency.
Prior cervical cytology and high-risk HPV testing results for 311 patients with invasive cervical adenocarcinoma: a multicenter retrospective study from China \' s largest independent operator of pathology laboratories.
Dengue haemorrhagic fever: a job done via exosomes?
Blocking transmission of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) in llamas by vaccination with a recombinant spike protein.
Potential of Aedes albopictus and Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) to transmit yellow fever virus in urban areas in Central Africa.
Structural basis of host ligand specificity change of GII porcine noroviruses from their closely related GII human noroviruses.
Going Beyond Giving ART; Multimorbidity in Older People Aging with HIV in Nigeria.
Type I interferon antagonistic properties of Influenza B virus polymerase proteins.
CRISPR therapy towards an HIV cure.
A convenient in vivo cap donor delivery system to investigate the cap snatching of plant bunyaviruses.
Association between ANXA2*5681 polymorphism (rs7170178) and osteonecrosis in haemoglobin SS-genotyped patients.
Host nutritional status affects alphavirus virulence, transmission, and evolution.
NEDD4 family ubiquitin ligases associate with LCMV Z \' s PPXY domain and are required for virus budding, but not via direct ubiquitination of Z.
14-3-3 scaffold proteins mediate the inactivation of trim25 and inhibition of the type I interferon response by herpesvirus deconjugases.
A population of bang-bang switches of defective interfering particles makes within-host dynamics of dengue virus controllable.
Feasibility of Point-of-Care Testing for Influenza Within a National Primary Care Sentinel Surveillance Network in England: Protocol for a Mixed Methods Study.
[A Seven-Year Evaluation of Viral Central Nervous System Infections].
[Postmortem Molecular Epidemiology of HIV-1 Strains Isolated in Turkey].
Highly immunosuppressive HLADRhi regulatory T cells are associated with unfavorable outcomes in cervical squamous cell carcinoma.
Microglial Cells: The Main HIV-1 Reservoir in the Brain.
A meta-analysis on genetic variability of RT/HBsAg overlapping region of hepatitis B virus (HBV) isolates of Bangladesh.
Collagen IV (COL4A1, COL4A2), a Component of the Viral Biofilm, Is Induced by the HTLV-1 Oncoprotein Tax and Impacts Virus Transmission.
Quantitative Proteomics Reveal Peroxiredoxin Perturbation Upon Persistent Lymphocytic Choriomeningitis Virus Infection in Human Cells.
Evolution of fungemia in an Italian region.
Expansion of the 1st WHO international standard for antiserum to respiratory syncytial virus to include neutralisation titres against RSV subtype B: An international collaborative study.
Human immunodeficiency disease in new diagnoses of head and neck squamous cell cancer: are we testing?
Current challenges: from the path of "original antigenic sin" towards the development of universal flu vaccines.
A fluorometric hybridization assay for detecting and genotyping high-risk human papillomavirus 16 and 18 in archival tissues of cervical specimens.
Molecular, antigenic, and pathogenic characterization of H5N8 highly pathogenic avian influenza viruses isolated in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2017.
The relevance of molecular genotyping to allocate cases in a suspected outbreak of Legionella pneumonia in patients with prolonged immunosuppressive therapy.
In silico design and in vitro validation of a novel PCR-RFLP assay for determination of phylogenetic clusters of streptokinase gene alleles in streptococci groups.
Deletion of multiple genes induces virulence reduction of Vaccinia Virus Tiantan Strain.
Mumps: MMR vaccination and genetic diversity of mumps virus, 2007-2011 in Catalonia, Spain.
Residues Asn118 and Glu119 of hepatitis B virus X protein are critical for HBx-mediated inhibition of RIG-I-MAVS signaling.
Genomic and transcriptional analyses of novel parvoviruses identified from dead peafowl.
Mutations of the segment-specific nucleotides at the 3 \'  end of influenza virus NS segment control viral replication.
Efficacy of Retreatment After Failed Direct-acting Antiviral Therapy in Patients With HCV Genotype 1-3 Infections.
Amixicile targets anaerobic bacteria within the oral microbiome.
Epidemiology of efflux pumps genes mediating resistance among Staphylococcus aureus; A systematic review.
Inactivation of foot-and-mouth disease virus in epithelium samples for safe transport and processing in low-containment laboratories.
A preclinical assessment to repurpose drugs to target type 1 diabetes-associated type B coxsackieviruses.
Distribution of Neoehrlichia mikurensis in Ixodes ricinus ticks along the coast of Norway: The western seaboard is a low-prevalence region.
The novel HLA-B*58:118 allele was identified during high-resolution HLA typing.
Proteomic and phosphoproteomic analyses reveal several events involved in the early stages of bovine herpesvirus 1 infection.
Humoral Immunogenicity and Efficacy of a Single Dose of ChAdOx1 MERS Vaccine Candidate in Dromedary Camels.
Distribution of the CMV glycoprotein gH/gL/gO and gH/gL/pUL128/pUL130/pUL131A complex variants and associated clinical manifestations in infants infected congenitally or postnatally.
Macrophage-associated wound healing contributes to African green monkey SIV pathogenesis control.
Twist and Snail/Slug Expression in Oropharyngeal Squamous Cell Carcinoma in Correlation With Lymph Node Metastasis.
Oncolytic Effect of Adenoviruses Serotypes 5 and 6 Against U87 Glioblastoma Cancer Stem Cells.
Environmental presence and genetic characteristics of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae from hospital sewage and river water in the Philippines.
HIV-1 Envelope Glycan Composition as a Key Determinant of Efficient Virus Transmission via DC-SIGN and Resistance to Inhibitory Lectins.
Virus-like Vesicles Expressing Multiple Antigens for Immunotherapy of Chronic Hepatitis B.
A chimeric recombinant infectious hematopoietic necrosis virus induces protective immune responses against infectious hematopoietic necrosis and infectious pancreatic necrosis in rainbow trout.
Efficient inactivation of pseudotyped HIV-based lentiviral vectors and infectious HIV.
HIV and cancer in the Veterans Health Administration System.
Effect of drying on oxidation of membrane lipids and expression of genes encoded by the Shiga toxin prophage in Escherichia coli.
Non-thermal approach to Listeria monocytogenes inactivation in milk: The combined effect of high pressure, pediocin PA-1 and bacteriophage P100.
Isolation of virulent phages infecting dominant mesophilic aerobic bacteria in cucumber pickle fermentation.
Efficacy of three innovative bacterin vaccines against experimental infection with Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae.
Evolution of H5-Type Avian Influenza A Virus Towards Mammalian Tropism in Egypt, 2014 to 2015.
HIV-1 integrase inhibitors targeting various DDE transposases: Retroviral integration versus RAG-mediated recombination (Review).
Hepatotoxicity and hematologic complications induced by fusidic acid in a patient with hepatitis B cirrhosis: A case report.
Role of the head-stalk linker region (aa115-122) of Newcastle disease virus haemagglutinin-neuraminidase in regulating fusion triggering.
The Frequency of HIV-1 Infection in Iranian Children and Determination of the Transmitted Drug Resistance in Treatment-naive Children.
PTEN modulates neurites outgrowth and neuron apoptosis involving the PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway.
Nanopore sequencing of African swine fever virus.
Prevalence of double-stranded RNA virus in Trichomonas vaginalis isolated in Italy and association with the symbiont Mycoplasma hominis.
Complete genome sequence of rose virus A, the first carlavirus identified in rose.
Identification and genetic characterization of porcine circovirus 3 on pig farms in Serbia.
[Update on HPV-associated head and neck cancer-highlights from the 2019 ASCO Annual Meeting].
Cytokine profile distinguishes children with P. falciparum malaria from those with bacterial blood stream infections.
Burden of Clostridium (Clostridioides) difficile Infection among Patients in Western Asia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Molecular identification and phylogenetic analysis of Cryptosporidium, Hepatozoon and Spirometra in snakes from central China.
Rhino-Orbital-Cerebral Mucormycosis after Allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation and Isavuconazole Therapeutic Drug Monitoring during Intestinal Graft versus Host Disease.
The effects of oxygen concentration on cell death, anti-oxidant transcription, acute inflammation, and cell proliferation in precision-cut lung slices.
A molecular clone of Chronic Bee Paralysis Virus (CBPV) causes mortality in honey bee pupae (Apis mellifera).
Tracking the polyclonal neutralizing antibody response to a dengue virus serotype 1 type-specific epitope across two populations in Asia and the Americas.
HIV Drug Resistance after Failure of 6 Month First-line Therapy in a Hospital: A Case Series.
Changes in cytokine and chemokine profiles in mouse serum and brain, and in human neural cells, upon tick-borne encephalitis virus infection.
Target-Induced Cascade Amplification for Homogeneous Virus Detection.
Replenishment of Hepatitis B Virus cccDNA Pool Is Restricted by Baseline Expression of Host Restriction Factors In Vitro.
Rotavirus Seasonality: An Application of Singular Spectrum Analysis and Polyharmonic Modeling.
[Influenza virus-induced encephalitis/encephalopathy].
Occurrence of selected viral and bacterial pathogens and microbiological quality of fresh and frozen strawberries sold in Spain.
Dianke virus: a new mesonivirus species isolated from mosquitoes in Eastern Senegal.
Progesterone increases the incidence of bovine herpesvirus 1 reactivation from latency and stimulates productive infection.
A synthetic derivative of houttuynoid B prevents cell entry of Zika virus.
2019 meeting of the global virus network.
Aging boosts antiviral CD8+T cell memory through improvedengagement of diversified recall response determinants.
Human monoclonal antibodies against chikungunya virus target multiple distinct epitopes in the E1 and E2 glycoproteins.
Candida blood stream infections observed between 2011 and 2016 in a large Italian University Hospital: A time-based retrospective analysis on epidemiology, biofilm production, antifungal agents consumption and drug-susceptibility.
A case of imported Q fever in New Zealand.
Acute Macular Neuroretinopathy Associated with Acute Influenza Virus Infection.
Advantage of Being Multicomponent and Spatial: Multipartite Viruses Colonize Structured Populations with Lower Thresholds.
Phylogenetic analysis of open reading frame of 11 gene segments of novel human-bovine reassortant RVA G6P[1] strain in Pakistan.
STYK1 promotes autophagy through enhancing the assembly of autophagy-specific class III phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase complex I.
Displacement of the Gent/1999 human-like swine H1N2 influenza A virus lineage by novel H1N2 reassortants in Germany.
Adaptation of the Gut Microbiota to Modern Dietary Sugars and Sweeteners.
Educational Case: Hepatitis B Virus.
Pterostilbene, An Active Constituent of Blueberries, Suppresses Proliferation Potential of Human Cholangiocarcinoma via Enhancing the Autophagic Flux.
Aptamer-Antibody Complementation On Multiwalled Carbon Nanotube-Gold Transduced Dielectrode Surfaces To Detect Pandemic Swine Influenza Virus.
A new twenty-first century science for effective epidemic response.
Genetic strategies for improving crop yields.
Conservative transcription in three steps visualized in a double-stranded RNA virus.
Reoviridae transcription is more than an open-and-shut case.
Structural Features of a Conformation-dependent Antigen Epitope on ORFV-B2L Recognized by the 2E4 mAb.
Establishment of a highly sensitive assay for detection of Hepatitis E virus-specific immunoglobulins.
Direct beta-lactam inactivation method: A new low-cost assay for the rapid detection of carbapenemase- or extended-spectrum-beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacterales directly from positive blood culture bottles.
Merkel Cell Polyomavirus downregulates N-myc downstream regulated gene-1 (NDRG1) leading to cellular proliferation and migration.
Foot-and-mouth disease virus capsid protein VP1 interacts with host ribosomal protein SA to maintain the activation of MAPKs signal pathway and promote virus replication.
Elucidating the interactions between influenza virus polymerase and host factor ANP32A.
Intact Viral Particle Counts Measured by Flow Virometry Provides Insight into the Infectivity and Genome Packaging Efficiency of the Moloney Murine Leukemia Virus.
VAMP8 contributes to TRIM6-mediated type-I interferon antiviral response during West Nile virus infection.
The Capsid Protein of Semliki Forest Virus Antagonizes RNAi in Mammalian Cells.
Genetic diversity of Collaborative Cross mice controls viral replication, clinical severity and brain pathology induced by Zika virus infection, independently of Oas1b.
Insights into the Host Range, Genetic Diversity, and Geographical Distribution of Jingmenviruses.
Ebola virus replication is regulated by the phosphorylation of viral protein VP35.
Nanoparticle-based vaccine development and evaluation against viral infections in pigs.
Tick-borne encephalitis virus (TBEV) antibodies in animal sera - occurrence in goat flocks in Germany, longevity and ability to recall immunological information after more than six years.
Hepatitis C Virus Enhances the Invasiveness of Hepatocellular Carcinoma via EGFR-Mediated Invadopodia Formation and Activation.
A Fosmid-Based System for the Generation of Recombinant Cercopithecine Alphaherpesvirus 2 Encoding Reporter Genes.
Epitranscriptomic marks: Emerging modulators of RNA virus gene expression.
Rotavirus prevalence and seasonal distribution post vaccine introduction in Nairobi county Kenya.
Aedes aegypti (Aag2)-derived clonal mosquito cell lines reveal the effects of pre-existing persistent infection with the insect-specific bunyavirus Phasi Charoen-like virus on arbovirus replication.
HIV viral load algorithm, what are the needs in the field?
Towards Rapid Sepsis Diagnosis and Patients Stratification: What \' s New From Microbiology and Omics Science.
UV cross-linked polyvinylpyrrolidone electrospun fibres as antibacterial surfaces.
Superinfection of hepatitis A virus in hepatocytes infected with hepatitis B virus.
Prevalence of human papillomavirus genotypes in cervical cancer in Maiduguri, Nigeria.
[HIV-2 infection in Senegal: virological failures and resistance to antiretroviral drugs (ARVs)].
[Seroprevalence and factors associated with viral hepatitis B among pregnant women in Parakou, Republic of Benin].
Cytokines trigger disruption of endothelium barrier function and p38 MAP kinase activation in BMPR2-silenced human lung microvascular endothelial cells.
Hepatitis B mother-to-child transmission in the Eastern Region of Ghana: a cross-sectional pilot study.
Comparison of two DNA extraction methods from larvae, pupae, and adults of Aedes aegypti.
Complete genome sequence analysis of Narcissus yellow stripe virus infecting Narcissus tazetta in India.
[Prevalence of coagulase-negative staphylococci in blood cultures at the Ibn-Rochd University Hospital in Casablanca].
Adult influenza A (H3N2) with reduced susceptibility to baloxavir or peramivir cured after switching anti-influenza agents.
Therapeutic compounds targeting Lipid II for antibacterial purposes.
Crystal structures of the Bacillus subtilis prophage lytic cassette proteins XepA and YomS.
Upregulated calcium-binding tyrosine phosphorylation-regulated protein-a/b regulates cell proliferation and apoptosis and predicts poor prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Gold nanoparticle-adjuvanted S protein induces a strong antigen-specific IgG response against severe acute respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus infection, but fails to induce protective antibodies and limit eosinophilic infiltration in lungs.
Interview Mario Schelhaas.
Capn4 is induced by and required for LMP1 promotion of nasopharyngeal carcinoma metastasis through ERK/AP-1 signaling.
White Matter Abnormalities Linked to Interferon, Stress Response, and Energy Metabolism Gene Expression Changes in Older HIV-Positive Patients on Antiretroviral Therapy.
Synergistic Antibacterial Effects of Metallic Nanoparticle Combinations.
A Novel Semiconductor-Based Flow Cytometer with Enhanced Light-Scatter Sensitivity for the Analysis of Biological Nanoparticles.
Analysis of CA Content and CPSF6 Dependence of Early HIV-1 Replication Complexes in SupT1-R5 Cells.
A Novel Neuraminidase-Dependent Hemagglutinin Cleavage Mechanism Enables the Systemic Spread of an H7N6 Avian Influenza Virus.
Trends of Microdiversity Reveal Depth-Dependent Evolutionary Strategies of Viruses in the Mediterranean.
CXCR3: Here to stay to enhance cancer immunotherapy?
Influenza-associated mortality in hospital care: a retrospective cohort study of risk factors and impact of oseltamivir in an English teaching hospital, 2016 to 2017.
Spatiotemporal spread of sarcoptic mange in the red fox (Vulpes vulpes) in Switzerland over more than 60 years: lessons learnt from comparative analysis of multiple surveillance tools.
Transmission and serotype features of hand foot mouth disease in household contacts in Dong Thap, Vietnam.
Zika Virus Non-Structural Protein NS5 Inhibits the RIG-I Pathway and Interferon Lambda 1 Promoter Activation by Targeting IKK Epsilon.
Engineering a Novel Antibody-Peptide Bispecific Fusion Protein Against MERS-CoV.
Investigating the Cellular Transcriptomic Response Induced by the Makona Variant of Ebola Virus in Differentiated THP-1 Cells.
The role of IL22 polymorphisms on liver cirrhosis in patients with hepatitis B virus: A case control study.
Solitary cystic metastatic lymph node of occult human papillomavirus-related oropharyngeal cancer mimicking second branchial cleft cyst: A case report.
Use of MRI in the diagnosis and prognosis of acute necrotizing encephalopathy in a Chinese teenager: A case report.
Prevalence and determinants of HIV shedding in breast milk during continued breastfeeding among Zambian mothers not on antiretroviral treatment (ART): A cross-sectional study.
Human pegivirus 2 exhibits minimal geographic and temporal genetic diversity.
Propranolol diminished severity of rat EAE by enhancing immunoregulatory/protective properties of spinal cord microglia.
Seasonal influenza vaccine effectiveness in people with asthma: a national test-negative design case-control study.
Profound immune consequences for young adults infected with HIV perinatally or during childhood: a cautionary tale regarding adherence to antiretroviral therapy.
ABILITY TO FORM BIOFILMS BY PYELONEPHRITIS CAUSATIVE AGENTS IN CHILDREN.
Transgenic Wheat Harboring an RNAi Element Confers Dual Resistance against Synergistically Interacting Wheat Streak Mosaic Virus and Triticum Mosaic Virus.
The Use of Large-Particle Aerosol Exposure to Nipah Virus to Mimic Human Neurological Disease Manifestations in the African Green Monkey.
Phylogeography and evolutionary analysis of African Rotavirus a genotype G12 reveals district genetic diversification within lineage III.
An alternative model to explain the vectorial capacity using as example Aedes aegypti case in dengue transmission.
Negative epidemiological association between HSV-1 and HSV-2 infections.
Statistical modelling of data showing pandemic H1N1 2009 swine influenza a virus infection kinetics in vaccinated pigs.
Nanobody-Enhanced Targeting of AAV Gene Therapy Vectors.
Evaluation of the Efficacy of a Recombinant Adenovirus Expressing the Spike Protein of Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus in Pigs.
Inflammation-Related Patterns in the Clinical Staging and Severity Assessment of Chronic Kidney Disease.
Epidemiology and molecular diagnosis of acute conjunctivitis in patients attending Hamadan, west Iran ophthalmology clinics 2016-2017.
Sustained virologic response to direct-acting antiviral agents predicts better outcomes in hepatitis C virus-infected patients: A retrospective study.
A Toolkit for Rapid Modular Construction of Biological Circuits in Mammalian Cells.
Impact of clinical complete response on treatment outcomes in patients with locally advanced HPV-negative oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma.
Asymmetric distribution of TLR3 leads to a polarized immune response in human intestinal epithelial cells.
Mitochondria-localised ZNFX1 functions as a dsRNA sensor to initiate antiviral responses through MAVS.
A MYC-GCN2-eIF2alpha negative feedback loop limits protein synthesis to prevent MYC-dependent apoptosis in colorectal cancer.
Evaluation of serological assays available in a biosafety level 2 laboratory and their application for survey of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus among livestock in Ethiopia.
Early detection of hepatitis E virus ribavirin resistance using next generation sequencing.
End of season influenza vaccine effectiveness in primary care in adults and children in the United Kingdom in 2018/19.
Bacteria-mediated modification of insecticide toxicity in the yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti.
Whole-genome sequencing of ocular Chlamydia trachomatis isolates from Gadarif State, Sudan.
Co-occurrence of human papillomavirus (HPV) in newborns and their parents.
A binning tool to reconstruct viral haplotypes from assembled contigs.
Vaccines for preventing rotavirus diarrhoea: vaccines in use.
Assessment of Immunogenicity and Efficacy of a Zika Vaccine Using Modified Vaccinia Ankara Virus as Carriers.
Identification of Novel Natural Products as Effective and Broad-Spectrum Anti-Zika Virus Inhibitors.
A Report on Fungal (1 3)-alpha-d-glucans: Properties, Functions and Application.
No Evidence of Mosquito Involvement in the Transmission of Equine Hepacivirus (Flaviviridae) in an Epidemiological Survey of Austrian Horses.
Susceptibility of Chickens to Low Pathogenic Avian Influenza (LPAI) Viruses of Wild Bird- and Poultry-Associated Subtypes.
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Hantavirus Cardiopulmonary Syndrome Transmission Risk in Brazil.
The First Complete Genome Sequences of Hepatitis C Virus Subtype 2b from Latin America: Molecular Characterization and Phylogeographic Analysis.
[Technical guidelines for prevention and control of human adenovirus respiratory infection (2019 edition)].
TRIM59 inhibits porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (PRRSV)-2 replication in vitro.
Inhibitory effects of Lactobacilli cocktail on HT-29 colon carcinoma cells growth and modulation of the Notch and Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathways.
Evolutionary characteristics and genetic transmission patterns of predominant HIV-1 subtypes among MSM in China.
Rousettus aegyptiacus Bats Do Not Support Productive Nipah Virus Replication.
The ETS transcription factor ELF1 regulates a broadly antiviral program distinct from the type I interferon response.
Molecular characterisation of genital human papillomavirus among women in Southwestern, Nigeria.
Antigenic variations of recent street rabies virus.
Visualization of chikungunya virus infection in vitro and in vivo.
Molecular Characterization of Pestiviruses in Fetal Bovine Sera Originating From Argentina: Evidence of Circulation of HoBi-Like Viruses.
Role of Neutral Sphingomyelinase-2 (NSM 2) in the Control of T Cell Plasma Membrane Lipid Composition and Cholesterol Homeostasis.
Strategies for Success. Viral Infections and Membraneless Organelles.
Investigation of Cervical Tumor Biopsies for Chromosomal Loss of Heterozygosity (LOH) and Microsatellite Instability (MSI) at the HLA II Locus in HIV-1/HPV Co-infected Women.
Editorial: Evolution of Genetic Mechanisms of Antibiotic Resistance.
T Regulatory Cells and Priming the Suppressive Tumor Microenvironment.
Nef-induced CCL2 Expression Contributes to HIV/SIV Brain Invasion and Neuronal Dysfunction.
BATF Potentially Mediates Negative Regulation of PD-1/PD-Ls Pathway on T Cell Functions in Mycobacterium tuberculosis Infection.
Dendritic Cells Generated From Mops condylurus, a Likely Filovirus Reservoir Host, Are Susceptible to and Activated by Zaire Ebolavirus Infection.
Tumor-Infiltrating Immune Cells Act as a Marker for Prognosis in Colorectal Cancer.
Translational Approaches Targeting Ceramide Generation From Sphingomyelin in T Cells to Modulate Immunity in Humans.
Hepatitis B Virus Genotype-Dependent Vulnerability of Infected Cells to Immune Reaction in the Early Phase of Infection.
Hampering Herpesviruses HHV-1 and HHV-2 Infection by Extract of Ginkgo biloba (EGb) and Its Phytochemical Constituents.
Transcriptome Profiling Reveals Differential Effect of Interleukin-17A Upon Influenza Virus Infection in Human Cells.
Sensitivity of Commercially Available Influenza Rapid Diagnostic Tests in the 2018-2019 Influenza Season.
Gene knockdown in malaria parasites via non-canonical RNAi.
Evaluation of antiviral - passive - active immunization ("sandwich") therapeutic strategy for functional cure of chronic hepatitis B in mice.
Polyfluoroaromatic stavudine (d4T) ProTides exhibit enhanced anti-HIV activity.
Establishment of Asia-Pacific Network for Enterovirus Surveillance.
HLA-G 3 \'  untranslated region gene variants are promising prognostic factors for BK polyomavirus replication and acute rejection after living-donor kidney transplant.
Seroprevalence and risk factors of hepatitis B virus infection in tribal population of Himalayan district Lahaul and Spiti, India.
Diagnostic, Prognostic, and Therapeutic Potencies of Circulating miRNAs in Acute Myocardial Infarction.
Inhibitory Effect of 5-Aminoimidazole-4-Carbohydrazonamides Derivatives Against Candida spp. Biofilm on Nanohydroxyapatite Substrate.
Feasibility of the Bag-Mediated Filtration System for Environmental Surveillance of Poliovirus in Kenya.
Activation of RAW264.7 macrophages by active fraction of Albizia julibrissin saponin via Ca2+-ERK1/2-CREB-lncRNA pathways.
Post-process treatments are effective strategies to reduce Listeria monocytogenes on the surface of leafy greens: A pilot study.
Bombyx mori nucleopolyhedrovirus F-like protein Bm14 is a cofactor for GP64-Mediated efficient infection via forming a complex on the envelope of budded virus.
Identification of strain diversity and phylogenetic analysis based on two major essential proteins of Orf viruses isolated from several clinical cases reported in Malaysia.
Identification of inhibitors of dengue viral replication using replicon cells expressing secretory luciferase.
Accuracy, precision, and consistency of methods for pathogen-specific cerebrospinal fluid/serum Q-value calculation.
Asparagine-84, a regulatory allosteric site residue, helps maintain the quaternary structure of Campylobacter jejuni dihydrodipicolinate synthase.
Diversity of Babesia spp. in cervid ungulates based on the 18S rDNA and cytochrome c oxidase subunit I phylogenies.
Clinical, laboratory and immune aspects of zika virus-associated encephalitis in children.
Complete genome sequence of Echinicola rosea JL3085, a xylan and pectin decomposer.
Comparative analysis of 2 commercial molecular tests for the detection of gastroenteric viruses on stool samples.
Non-transmissible MV Vector with Segmented RNA Genome Establishes Different Types of iPSCs from Hematopoietic Cells.
The Implication of Androgens in the Presence of Protein Kinase C to Repair Alzheimer \' s Disease-Induced Cognitive Dysfunction
Engineered Jurkat Cells for Targeting Prostate-Specific Membrane Antigen on Prostate Cancer Cells by Nanobody-Based Chimeric Antigen Receptor
Limited impact of influenza A virus vaccination of piglets in an enzootic infected sow herd.
Cognitive impairment and CSF proteome modification after oral bacteriotherapy in HIV patients.
Genome analysis of the temperate bacteriophage PMBT6 residing in the genome of Bifidobacterium thermophilum MBT94004.
First report of fowl aviadenovirus serotypes FAdV-8b and FAdV-11 associated with inclusion body hepatitis in commercial broiler and broiler-breeder flocks in Turkey.
Continuous circulation of an antigenically modified very virulent infectious bursal disease virus for fifteen years in Egypt.
Effect and cost of two successive home visits to increase HIV testing coverage: a prospective study in Lesotho, Southern Africa.
Pathobiology and innate immune responses of gallinaceous poultry to clade 2.3.4.4A H5Nx highly pathogenic avian influenza virus infection.
LGP2 plays a critical role in MDA5-mediated antiviral activity against duck enteritis virus.
Clarifying the HOPE Act landscape: The challenge of donors with false-positive HIV results.
Alphaherpesvirus infection of mice primes PNS neurons to an inflammatory state regulated by TLR2 and type I IFN signaling.
Blockade of dengue virus transmission from viremic blood to Aedes aegypti mosquitoes using human monoclonal antibodies.
Pre-protein signature for full susceptibility to the co-translational translocation inhibitor cyclotriazadisulfonamide (CADA).
Trends in HIV Prevention, Treatment, and Incidence in a Hyperendemic Area of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Agua Salud alphavirus defines a novel lineage of insect-specific alphaviruses discovered in the New World.
Host Competency of the Multimammate Rat Mastomys natalensis Demonstrated by Prolonged Spirochetemias with the African Relapsing Fever Spirochete Borrelia crocidurae.
Epstein-Barr virus is absent in gastric superficial neoplastic lesions.
Asian and African lineage Zika viruses show differential replication and innate immune responses in human dendritic cells and macrophages.
C9orf72-generated poly-GR and poly-PR do not directly interfere with nucleocytoplasmic transport.
Measles virus infection diminishes preexisting antibodies that offer protection from other pathogens.
Genome Sequence of Listeria innocua Strain MEZLIS26, Isolated from a Goat in South Africa.
Burden of viral gastroenteritis in children living in rural China: population-based surveillance.
Impact of hepatitis C virus and alcohol, alone and combined, on the unfolded protein response in primary human hepatocytes.
Genetic diversity of Salmonella enterica recovered from chickens farms and its potential transmission to human.
The effect of maternal antibodies on the cellular immune response after infant vaccination: A review.
Computational Analysis Concerning the Impact of DNA Accessibility on CRISPR-Cas9 Cleavage Efficiency.
Probable progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy-immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome with immunosuppressant dose reduction following lung transplantation: a case report and literature review.
Keeping all secondary structures of the non-coding region in the circular genome of human bocavirus 2 is important for DNA replication and virus assembly, as revealed by three hetero-recombinant genomic clones.
Isolation, Characterization, Differentiation and Immunomodulatory Capacity of Mesenchymal Stromal/Stem Cells from Human Perirenal Adipose Tissue.
Comparative Chromosome Mapping of Musk Ox and the X Chromosome among Some Bovidae Species.
Pan-European Study on the Prevalence of the Feline Leukaemia Virus Infection - Reported by the European Advisory Board on Cat Diseases (ABCD Europe).
Advances in Legionella Control by a New Formulation of Hydrogen Peroxide and Silver Salts in a Hospital Hot Water Network.
Modelling Neurotropic Flavivirus Infection in Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Systems.
A comparative epigenome analysis of gammaherpesviruses suggests cis-acting sequence features as critical mediators of rapid polycomb recruitment.
Twenty years of West Nile virus spread and evolution in the Americas visualized by Nextstrain.
Astrovirus replication in human intestinal enteroids reveals multi-cellular tropism and an intricate host innate immune landscape.
Filovirus-reactive antibodies in humans and bats in Northeast India imply zoonotic spillover.
Nuclear pore protein Nup98 is involved in replication of Rift Valley fever virus and nuclear import of virulence factor NSs.
The prevalence of oral High-risk HPV infection in Indonesian oral squamous cell carcinoma patients.
Seronegative hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in Polish blood donors - virological characteristics of index donations and follow-up observations.
Kinetics of viral RNA, immunoglobulin-M &amp; G antibodies in Kyasanur forest disease.
In pursuit of intriguing puzzles.
Porcine deltacoronavirus (PDCoV) modulates calcium influx to favor viral replication.
Virus-induced natural killer cell lysis of T cell subsets.
Molecular insights into evolution, mutations and receptor-binding specificity of influenza A and B viruses from outpatients and hospitalized patients in Singapore.
Cloning, expression and nanodiscs assemble of recombinant HIV-1 gp41.
The old pharmaceutical oleoresin labdanum of Cistus creticus L. exerts pronounced in vitro anti-dengue virus activity.
PTPN22 1858 C/T polymorphism is associated with alteration of cytokine profiles as a potential pathogenic mechanism in rheumatoid arthritis.
PM2.5 promotes replication of VSV by ubiquitination degradation of phospho-IRF3 in A549 cells.
From current knowledge to best practice: A primer on Viral diagnostics using deep sequencing of virus-derived small interfering RNAs (vsiRNAs) in infected plants.
Antiviral activity of the FDA-approved drug candesartan cilexetil against Zika virus infection.
Adenovirus Vector-Based Vaccines Confer Maternal-Fetal Protection against Zika Virus Challenge in Pregnant IFN-alphabetaR-/- Mice.
Analysis of the impact of diagnostic virology tests on the use of antibiotics in paediatric inpatients with community-acquired pneumonia.
Attacking Latent HIV with convertibleCAR-T Cells, a Highly Adaptable Killing Platform.
Birth Prevalence of Congenital Cytomegalovirus Infection in HIV-Exposed Uninfected Children in the Era of Combination Antiretroviral Therapy.
Corrigendum to "Hsp90/Cdc37 assembly modulates TGFbeta receptor-II to act as a profibrotic regulator of TGFbeta signaling during cardiac hypertrophy" [Cell. Signal. 27 (12) (2015) 2410-2424].
Fibroblast growth factor 21 is required for the therapeutic effects of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG against fructose-induced fatty liver in mice.
State-of-the-Art Diagnostic Methods to Diagnose Equine Spinal Disorders, With Special Reference to Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Transcranial Electrical Stimulation.
The Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS).
Safety, Resistance, and Efficacy Results from a Phase IIIb Study of Conventional- and Double-Dose Oseltamivir Regimens for Treatment of Influenza in Immunocompromised Patients.
Experimental determination of second virial coefficients by small-angle X-ray scattering: a problem revisited.
RB, p130 and p107 differentially repress G1/S and G2/M genes after p53 activation.
Occupational Exposure to the Ugandan Research Strain (MR766) of Zika Virus.
Structural and functional insights into the LBD family involved in abiotic stress and flavonoid synthases in Camellia sinensis.
Responses to Quadrivalent Influenza Vaccine Reveal Distinct Circulating CD4+CXCR5+ T Cell Subsets in Men Living with HIV.
Comparison of clinical features of hepatitis A in people living with HIV between pandemic in 1999-2000 and that in 2017-2018 in a metropolitan area of Japan.
Development of a universal and lineage-specific primer sets for Zika virus (ZIKV) rapid detection in blood and urine samples by using one-step reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification (RT-LAMP).
Human papillomavirus type 16 E5 inhibits interferon signaling and supports episomal viral maintenance.
Labyrinthopeptins exert broad-spectrum antiviral activity through lipid-binding-mediated virolysis.
Vpu of a simian immunodeficiency virus isolated from greater spot-nosed monkey antagonizes human BST-2 via two AxxxxxxxW motifs.
X4-tropic Latent HIV-1 is Enriched in Peripheral Follicular Helper T Cells and is Correlated with Disease Progression.
Zika virus increases mind bomb 1 levels, causing degradation of pericentriolar material 1 (PCM1) and dispersion of PCM1 granules from the centrosome.
Quantifying the impact of treatment history on plasmid-mediated resistance evolution in human gut microbiota.
Pertussis over two decades: seroepidemiological study in a large population of the Siena Province, Tuscany Region, Central Italy.
Host-range shift of H3N8 canine influenza virus: a phylodynamic analysis of its origin and adaptation from equine to canine host.
Correction to: Preference of specimen collection methods for human papillomavirus detection for cervical cancer screening: a cross-sectional study of high-risk women in Mombasa, Kenya.
Spatiotemporal clusters of HIV/AIDS infections caused by drug use and heterosexual contact in Ruili city, China 1989-2016.
XDR-Klebsiella pneumoniae isolates harboring blaOXA-48: In vitro and in vivo evaluation using a murine thigh-infection model.
Structural consequences of the interaction of RbgA with a 50S ribosomal subunit assembly intermediate.
HIV-1 Vif Triggers Cell Cycle Arrest by Degrading Cellular PPP2R5 Phospho-regulators.
MaGenDB: a functional genomics hub for Malvaceae plants.
Searching for Improved Flu Vaccines - The Time Is Now.
Cytokine Induction in Nipah Virus-Infected Primary Human and Porcine Bronchial Epithelial Cells.
Replication of a Nipah Virus Encoding a Nuclear-Retained Matrix Protein.
Quantifying the burden of congenital CMV infection (cCMV) with long-term sequelae in subsequent pregnancies of women seronegative at their first pregnancy.
Cohort profile: Moramanga health survey in urban and rural areas in Madagascar (MHURAM project).
Improved diagnostics help to identify clinical features and biomarkers that predict Mycoplasma pneumoniae community-acquired pneumonia in children.
Genetic Epidemiology reveals three chronic reservoir areas with recurrent population mobility challenging poliovirus eradication in Pakistan.
Loss of ARID1A induces a stemness gene ALDH1A1 expression with histone acetylation in the malignant subtype of cholangiocarcinoma.
Clinical and laboratorial profiles of dengue virus infection in kidney transplant recipients: Report of a single center.
Generation of simian rotavirus reassortants with diverse VP4 genes using reverse genetics.
Identifying novel biomarkers of the pediatric influenza infection by weighted co-expression network analysis.
A foodborne outbreak of gastroenteritis caused by Norovirus and Bacillus cereus at a university in the Shunyi District of Beijing, China 2018: a retrospective cohort study.
Diabetes mellitus among patients attending TB clinics in Dar es Salaam: a descriptive cross-sectional study.
Inflammatory responses to a pathogenic West Nile virus strain.
Arboviruses in the East African Community partner states: a review of medically important mosquito-borne Arboviruses.
Secretor Status is Associated with Susceptibility to Disease in a Large GII.6 Norovirus Foodborne Outbreak.
National Epidemiology and Evolutionary History of Four Hand, Foot and Mouth Disease-Related Enteroviruses in China from 2008 to 2016.
Epstein-Barr virus-associated post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder among long-term survivors of adults after single cord blood transplantation without antithymocyte globulin.
Combined effects of avasimibe immunotherapy, doxorubicin chemotherapy, and metal-organic frameworks nanoparticles on breast cancer.
Prevalence and characteristics of Epstein-Barr virus associated gastric carcinoma in Gansu Province, Northwest China with mRNA expression of glycoprotein BMRF2.
Program implementation gaps and ethical issues in the prevention of HIV infection among infants, children, and adolescents in sub-Saharan Africa.
Early antiretroviral therapy is associated with better viral suppression and less HIV drug resistance after implementation of universal treatment in South Africa.
Targeting CCR5 trafficking to inhibit HIV-1 infection.
Correction for Weisblum et al., "Zika Virus Infects Early- and Midgestation Human Maternal Decidual Tissues, Inducing Distinct Innate Tissue Responses in the Maternal-Fetal Interface".
Zika Virus NS2A-Mediated Virion Assembly.
[Human Oncogenic Viruses: Old Facts and New Hypotheses].
SIV-specific CD8+ T cells are clonotypically distinct across lymphoid and mucosal tissues.
Human infection with a novel reassortant Eurasian-avian lineage swine H1N1 virus in northern China.
Genetic and phenotypic intrastrain variation in herpes simplex virus type 1 Glasgow strain 17 syn+-derived viruses.
Apibacter raozihei sp. nov. isolated from bat feces of Hipposideros and Taphozous spp.
Recent advances in nanotheranostics for triple negative breast cancer treatment.
HCV and HBV prevalence based on home blood self-sampling and screening history in the general population in 2016: contribution to the new French screening strategy.
Transmission Characteristics of Wheat Yellow Striate Virus by its Leafhopper Vector Psammotettix alienus.
A molecular study on the prevalence and coinfections of Rotavirus, Norovirus, Astrovirus and Adenovirus in children with gastroenteritis.
Construction of benzofuranone library via a metal-free, one-pot intermolecular condensation, and their application as efficient estrogen receptor beta modulators.
Emergence and Persistence of Letermovir-Resistant Cytomegalovirus in a Patient With Primary Immunodeficiency.
Ribavirin for Chronic Hepatitis E Virus Infection in Ibrutinib-Exposed Patients.
Impact of Maternal HIV Infection and Placental Malaria on the Transplacental Transfer of Influenza Antibodies in Mother-Infant Pairs in Malawi, 2013-2014.
Maintenance Immunosuppression Is Associated With Better Outcome in the 2017/2018 Influenza Epidemic.
Sustained Response and Rationale of Programmed Cell Death-1-Targeting for Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy.
Rescue of Replication-Competent ZIKV Hidden in Placenta-Derived Mesenchymal Cells Long After the Resolution of the Infection.
Impact of the M184V/I Mutation on the Efficacy of Abacavir/Lamivudine/Dolutegravir Therapy in HIV Treatment-Experienced Patients.
Immunogenetics of Celiac Disease: A focus on Arab countries.
Biosafety risk assessment for production of candidate vaccine viruses to protect humans from zoonotic highly pathogenic avian influenza viruses.
Absolute quantification of infecting viral particles by chip-based digital PCR.
Complete genomic sequence of tea-oil camellia deltapartitivirus 1, a novel virus from Camellia oleifera.
Bacterial twist to an antiviral defence.
HIV-2/SIV Vpx targets a novel functional domain of STING to selectively inhibit cGAS-STING-mediated NF-kappaB signalling.
Comparison of Transcription-Mediated Amplification and Real-Time PCR Assays for Hepatitis B Virus DNA Quantitation in Serum.
A new role for capsid assembly modulators to target mature hepatitis B virus capsids and prevent virus infection.
Chlamydia psittaci-infected dendritic cells communicate with NK cells via exosomes to activate anti-bacterial immunity.
Imported Zika virus infections in Hungary between 2016 and 2018.
Dose Effects of Recombinant Adenovirus Immunization in Rodents.
Virus Adaptation and Selection Following Challenge of Animals Vaccinated against Classical Swine Fever Virus.
IGF2BP1 Significantly Enhances Translation Efficiency of Duck Hepatitis A Virus Type 1 without Affecting Viral Replication.
Characterization of Three Novel Viruses from the Families Nyamiviridae, Orthomyxoviridae, and Peribunyaviridae, Isolated from Dead Birds Collected during West Nile Virus Surveillance in Harris County, Texas.
[Genotype and evolution of hantavirus in Tiantai of Zhejiang province, 2011-2018].
[Analysis on influencing factors for acute gastroenteritis outbreaks caused by norovirus in Beijing, 2014-2018].
Infectious vaccine-derived rubella viruses emerge, persist, and evolve in cutaneous granulomas of children with primary immunodeficiencies.
Cooperativity between the 3 \'  untranslated region microRNA binding sites is critical for the virulence of eastern equine encephalitis virus.
Co-developing climate services for public health: Stakeholder needs and perceptions for the prevention and control of Aedes-transmitted diseases in the Caribbean.
Comparison of four DNA extraction and three preservation protocols for the molecular detection and quantification of soil-transmitted helminths in stool.
Brief Report: Association Between Low HIV-1 DNA and Western Blot Reactivity to HIV-1 Pol in Chronically Infected Individuals.
Living in the shadows of hepatitis.
Mannose-capped lipoarabinomannan-induced B10 cells decrease severity of dextran sodium sulfate-induced inflammatory bowel disease in mice.
Active FHOD1 promotes the formation of functional actin stress fibers.
Data on production of mammalian stable cells expressing secretory BEFV transmembrane deleted G protein.
Dengue fever - an update review and implications for Nigeria, and similar countries.
The impact of hepatitis C viremia status on lung functions in chronic hepatitis c patients.
Neurological disorders in HIV in Africa: a review.
Quantitation of norovirus-specific IgG before and after infection in immunocompromised patients.
Complete nucleotide sequence of loquat virus A, a member of the family Betaflexiviridae with a novel genome organization.
Effect of induced dNTP pool imbalance on HIV-1 reverse transcription in macrophages.
Tomato glycosyltransferase Twi1 plays a role in flavonoid glycosylation and defence against virus.
Influence of Different Cell-Penetrating Peptides on the Antimicrobial Efficiency of PNAs in Streptococcus pyogenes.
Recall Responses from Brain-Resident Memory CD8+ T Cells (bTRM) Induce Reactive Gliosis.
West Nile Virus spread and differential chemokine response in the central nervous system of mice: role in pathogenic mechanisms of encephalitis.
Removal of bovine viral diarrhea virus (BVDV) from lumpy skin disease virus (LSDV) vaccine stocks by passage on chorioallantoic membranes of fertilized hens \'  eggs.
Artemisone demonstrates synergistic antiviral activity in combination with approved and experimental drugs active against human cytomegalovirus.
Hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma in young adults Efficacy of nationwide selective vaccination.
Assessing the Efficacy of a PhotoVoice-Informed HIV Stigma Training for Health Care Workers.
Effect of natural ageing and heat treatments on GII.4 norovirus binding to Histo-Blood Group Antigens.
Single-cell RNA-sequencing of herpes simplex virus 1-infected cells connects NRF2 activation to an antiviral program.
Influenza restriction factor MxA functions as inflammasome sensor in the respiratory epithelium.
Factors associated with longitudinal changes in serum concentrations of Mac-2 binding protein: A prospective 3-year observational study.
Evaluation of polysaccharide intercellular adhesion (PIA) and glycerol teichoic acid (Gly-TA) arisen antibodies to prevention of biofilm formation in Staphylococcus aureus and Staphylococcus epidermidis strains.
Improving detection of JC virus by ultrafiltration of cerebrospinal fluid before polymerase chain reaction for the diagnosis of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.
Molecular and Biological Characterization of a New Strawberry Cytorhabdovirus.
The Synthetic Dipeptide Pidotimod Shows a Chemokine-Like Activity through CXC Chemokine Receptor 3 (CXCR3).
Antigenic Change in Human Influenza A(H2N2) Viruses Detected by Using Human Plasma from Aged and Younger Adult Individuals.
In-Vitro Subtype-Specific Modulation of HIV-1 Trans-Activator of Transcription (Tat) on RNAi Silencing Suppressor Activity and Cell Death.
Clinical and Serological Evaluation of LINDA Virus Infections in Post-Weaning Piglets.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Inhibits PTP1B Phosphatase and the Viability of MCF-7 Breast Cancer Cells.
Citrus Genetic Engineering for Disease Resistance: Past, Present and Future.
Wheat Yellow Mosaic Virus NIb Interacting with Host Light Induced Protein (LIP) Facilitates Its Infection through Perturbing the Abscisic Acid Pathway in Wheat.
The Detection of CMV in Saliva Can Mark a Systemic Infection with CMV in Renal Transplant Recipients.
Staphylococcus aureus from hospital-acquired pneumonia from an Italian nationwide survey: activity of ceftobiprole and other anti-staphylococcal agents, and molecular epidemiology of methicillin-resistant isolates.
Investigating the functional link between TMEM165 and SPCA1.
Mycovirus induced hypervirulence of Leptosphaeria biglobosa enhances systemic acquired resistance to Leptosphaeria maculans in Brassica napus.
Albumin-bilirubin and platelet-albumin-bilirubin grades for hepatitis B-associated hepatocellular carcinoma in Child-Pugh A patients treated with radical surgery: A retrospective observational study.
Can HLA-B51 Protect Against BKPyV-DNAemia?
A somatosensory cortex input to the caudal dorsolateral striatum controls comorbid anxiety in persistent pain.
Pathogenicity of egg-type duck-origin isolate of Tembusu virus in Pekin ducklings.
Identifying high risk areas of Zika virus infection by meteorological factors in Colombia.
Severe rhabdomyolysis associated with severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome in a married couple: a case report.
The road to resistance.
One-step triplex reverse-transcription PCR detection of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus, porcine sapelovirus, and porcine sapovirus.
Radial somatic F-actin organization affects growth cone dynamics during early neuronal development.
Characterization of H7N9 avian influenza viruses isolated from duck meat products.
Viral Forecasting, Pathogen Cataloging, and Disease Ecosystem Mapping: Measuring Returns on Investments.
Phase 1 Safety and Immunogenicity Trial of Recombinant Lactococcus lactis Expressing Human Papillomavirus Type 16 E6 Oncoprotein Vaccine.
Protective Efficacy of Different Live Attenuated Infectious Bronchitis Virus Vaccination Regimes Against Challenge With IBV Variant-2 Circulating in the Middle East.
Impact of CMV Infection on Natural Killer Cell Clonal Repertoire in CMV-Naive Rhesus Macaques.
Bacille Calmette-Guerin Vaccine Strain Modulates the Ontogeny of Both Mycobacterial-Specific and Heterologous T Cell Immunity to Vaccination in Infants.
Microbial Metabolic Capacity for Intestinal Folate Production and Modulation of Host Folate Receptors.
Parameters Governing the Community Structure and Element Turnover in Kermadec Volcanic Ash and Hydrothermal Fluids as Monitored by Inorganic Electron Donor Consumption, Autotrophic CO2 Fixation and 16S Tags of the Transcriptome in Incubation Experiments.
Prophages and satellite prophages are widespread in Streptococcus and may play a role in pneumococcal pathogenesis.
Structural transitions during the scaffolding-driven assembly of a viral capsid.
Genome Sequences of Two Dual-Serotype-Specific Echovirus 20 Strains from Nigeria.
The cryo-EM structure of African swine fever virus unravels a unique architecture comprising two icosahedral protein capsids and two lipoprotein membranes.
Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging with late gadolinium enhancement in acute myocarditis: Towards differentiation between immune-mediated and viral-related aetiologies.
HTLV-1: the silent impact revealed.
DAA failures in African patients with "unusual" HCV subtypes: Hey! Didn \' t you know there was another world?
Japanese Encephalitis Virus infection induces inflammation of swine testis through RIG-I-NF-kB signaling pathway.
Therapeutic effect of Xanthohumol against highly pathogenic porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome viruses.
Characterization of fowl adenovirus serotype 4 circulating in chickens in China.
Prevalence and risk factors for Felis catus gammaherpesvirus 1 detection in domestic cats in Italy.
Effect of colibacillosis on the immune response to a rabbit viral haemorrhagic disease vaccine.
Salt inactivation of classical swine fever virus and African swine fever virus in porcine intestines confirms the existing in vitro casings model.
Co-opting the fermentation pathway for tombusvirus replication: Compartmentalization of cellular metabolic pathways for rapid ATP generation.
Ebola virus-mediated T-lymphocyte depletion is the result of an abortive infection.
Exploring the profile of antimicrobial resistance genes harboring by bacteriophage in chicken feces.
HIV/ AIDS in Palestine: A growing Concern.
DsRNA-mediated protection against two isolates of Papaya ringspot virus through topical application of dsRNA in papaya.
Novel Treatment of a Vaccinia Virus Infection from an Occupational Needlestick - San Diego, California, 2019.
Study of a hepatitis E virus outbreak involving drinking water and sewage contamination in Shimla, India, 2015-2016.
Kaposi \' s varicelliform eruption due to cytomegalovirus infection in a six-month-old infant.
Updated modelling of the prevalence of immunodeficiency-associated long-term vaccine-derived poliovirus (iVDPV) excreters.
Knowledge and experience of a cohort of HIV-positive and HIV-negative Ghanaian women after undergoing human papillomavirus and cervical cancer screening.
Plasma expression of miRNA-21, - 214, -34a, and -200a in patients with persistent HPV infection and cervical lesions.
SPLUNC1 and MLL3 regulate cancer stem cells in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Observation of therapeutic effect of 125I seed implantation combined with chemotherapy and antiviral therapy on HBV-related liver cancer.
Age and sex determine CD4+ T cell stimulatory and polarizing capacity of rat splenic dendritic cells.
Safety and efficacy of ChAdOx1 RVF vaccine against Rift Valley fever in pregnant sheep and goats.
MHC-II neoantigens shape tumour immunity and response to immunotherapy.
Bacterial biodiversity drives the evolution of CRISPR-based phage resistance.
Distribution of SNSs in Mimivirus Genomes and the Classification of Mimiviruses Isolated from Japan.
Characterization of orally efficacious influenza drug with high resistance barrier in ferrets and human airway epithelia.
Surfeit 4 contributes to the replication of hepatitis C virus using double membrane vesicles.
A Recombinant Rhesus Monkey Rhadinovirus Deleted of Glycoprotein L Establishes Persistent Infection of Rhesus Macaques and Elicits Conventional T Cell Responses.
A poly-uridine insertion in the 3 \' -untranslated region of classical swine fever virus activates immunity and reduces viral virulence in piglets.
Differential Expression of Immune Checkpoint Molecules on CD8+ T Cells Specific for Immunodominant and Subdominant Herpes Simplex Virus 1 Epitopes.
What a difference a gene makes - identification of virulence factors of Cowpox virus.
Reverse Genetics System for a Human Group A Rotavirus.
The first clinical use of a recombinant Lactococcus lactis expressing human papillomavirus type 16 E7 oncogene oral vaccine: A phase I safety and immunogenicity trial in healthy women volunteers.
Streptococcus pneumoniae carriage among febrile children at the time of PCV-10 immunization in pediatric emergencies at Mohammed VI University Hospital Centre in Marrakesh (Morocco).
Serological evidence of MERS-CoV and HKU8-related CoV co-infection in Kenyan camels.
A Hierarchical Peptide-Lanthanide Framework To Accurately Redress Intracellular Carcinogenic Protein-Protein Interaction.
The gut-eye-lacrimal gland-microbiome axis in Sjogren Syndrome.
A case of sporotrichosis caused by different Sporothrix brasiliensis strains: mycological, molecular, and virulence analyses.
Description of a human Bocavirus recombinant strain in the Americas.
Nutritional profile of newborns with microcephaly and factors associated with worse outcomes.
Necrolytic acral erythema in a Chinese patient with hepatitis C and hepatitis B virus coinfection.
Multiplexed editing of a begomovirus genome restricts escape mutant formation and disease development.
A three-dimensional RNA motif mediates directional trafficking of Potato spindle tuber viroid from epidermal to palisade mesophyll cells in Nicotiana benthamiana.
Prevotella brunnea sp. nov., isolated from a wound of a patient.
Transfer of Hexon and Penton selected adenovirus-specific T cells for refractory adenovirus infection after haploidentical stem cell transplantation.
Clinical Features and Diagnosis of Anterior Segment Inflammation Related to Cytomegalovirus in Immunocompetent African, Asian, and Caucasian Patients.
R18C is a new viable P2-like bacteriophage of rabbit origin infecting Citrobacter rodentium and Shigella sonnei strains.
A microbial expression system for high-level production of scFv HIV-neutralizing antibody fragments in Escherichia coli.
Surveillance of HIV-1 primary infections in France from 2014 to 2016: toward stable resistance, but higher diversity, clustering and virulence?
Immune cell pathology in rabbit hemorrhagic disease.
CRISPR-mediated gene silencing reveals involvement of the archaeal S-layer in cell division and virus infection.
Oseltamivir Is Effective against 1918 Influenza Virus Infection of Macaques but Vulnerable to Escape.
Rotavirus C: prevalence in suckling piglets and development of virus-like particles to assess the influence of maternal immunity on the disease development.
Characterization of resistance to a potent D-peptide HIV entry inhibitor.
DBP rs16846876 and rs12512631 polymorphisms are associated with progression to AIDS naive HIV-infected patients: a retrospective study.
Paving the way for more precise diagnosis of EcPV2-associated equine penile lesions.
Incidence and etiology of infectious diarrhea from a facility-based surveillance system in Guatemala, 2008-2012.
Molecular characterization of hepatitis C virus in liver disease patients in Botswana: a retrospective cross-sectional study.
The liver fibrosis index is superior to the APRI and FIB-4 for predicting liver fibrosis in chronic hepatitis B patients in China.
Hepatitis C virus infection: a challenge in the complex management of two cases of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis.
Transcriptomic analysis of Macrobrachium rosenbergii (giant fresh water prawn) post-larvae in response to M. rosenbergii nodavirus (MrNV) infection: de novo assembly and functional annotation.
Silencing of one copy of the translation initiation factor eIFiso4G in Japanese plum (Prunus salicina) impacts susceptibility to Plum pox virus (PPV) and small RNA production.
Glycosylator: a Python framework for the rapid modeling of glycans.
ZikaPLAN: addressing the knowledge gaps and working towards a research preparedness network in the Americas.
Control of the 2018-2019 dengue fever outbreak in Oman, a country previously without local transmission.
Development of RT-PCR degenerate primers for the detection of two mandariviruses infecting citrus cultivars in India.
Genotyping and characterization of prophage patterns in clinical isolates of Staphylococcus aureus.
Therapeutic effect and autophagy regulation of myriocin in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Molecular epidemiology of respiratory viruses in commercial chicken flocks in Pakistan from 2014 through to 2016.
Causes of hospitalization and predictors of HIV-associated mortality at the main referral hospital in Sierra Leone: a prospective study.
Continuous hemodiafiltration as a rescue therapy for patients with cardiopulmonary failure caused by enterovirus-71: a retrospective observational study in a PICU.
Engineering plant resistance to Tomato yellow leaf curl Thailand virus using phloem-specific promoter expressing hairpin RNA.
Extensively drug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii isolated from intensive care units in Northern Italy: a genomic approach to characterize new sequence types.
Inapparent dengue virus infection among students in Mandalay, Myanmar.
Enteric viruses in municipal wastewater effluent before and after disinfection with chlorine and ultraviolet light.
Hepatitis A Virus-related Pediatric Liver Disease Burden and its Significance in the Indian Subcontinent.
An evolutionary recent IFN/IL-6/CEBP axis is linked to monocyte expansion and tuberculosis severity in humans.
Comparison of Gene Delivery to the Kidney by Adenovirus, Adeno-associated Virus, and Lentiviral Vectors after Intravenous and Direct Kidney Injections.
Influenza a virus and Streptococcus pneumonia coinfection potentially promotes bacterial colonization and enhances B lymphocyte depression and reduction.
Koi herpesvirus and carp oedema virus: Infections and coinfections during mortality events of wild common carp in the United States.
To pool or not to pool? Guidelines for pooling samples for use in surveillance testing of infectious diseases in aquatic animals.
Occurrence and molecular characterization of betanodaviruses in fish and invertebrates of the Greek territorial waters.
Comparative genome analysis reveals a distinct influence of nucleotide composition on virus-host species-specific interaction of prawn-infecting nodavirus.
Genetic and Phylogenetic Characterization of a Chikungunya Virus Imported into Shenzhen, China.
Evolutionary timescale and geographical movement of cucumber mosaic virus, with focus on Iranian strains.
Insulin and its single-chain analogue.
IFNL4 Genotypes Predict Clearance of RNA Viruses in Rwandan Children With Upper Respiratory Tract Infections.
Common Nodes of Virus-Host Interaction Revealed Through an Integrated Network Analysis.
Prevalence of hepatocarcinoma-related hepatitis B virus mutants in patients in grey zone of treatment.
Hepatitis C virus clearance and less liver damage in patients with high cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and APOE epsilon4 allele.
Fibroblastic reticular cells enhance T cell metabolism and survival via epigenetic remodeling.
Commensal viruses maintain intestinal intraepithelial lymphocytes via noncanonical RIG-I signaling.
Pan-viral serology implicates enteroviruses in acute flaccid myelitis.
ER-shaping atlastin proteins act as central hubs to promote flavivirus replication and virion assembly.
TLR2 Stimulation Increases Cellular Metabolism in CD8+ T Cells and Thereby Enhances CD8+ T Cell Activation, Function, and Antiviral Activity.
Double-stranded RNA deaminase ADAR1 promotes the Zika virus replication by inhibiting the activation of protein kinase PKR.
Evaluation of Viruses Associated With Acute Respiratory Infections in Long-Term Care Facilities Using a Novel Method: Wisconsin, 2016-2019.
Inspiring women scientists in Honduras.
Characterization of Equine Parvovirus in Thoroughbred Breeding Horses from Germany.
Novel Antiviral Activities of Obatoclax, Emetine, Niclosamide, Brequinar, and Homoharringtonine.
Equine Rhinitis A Virus Infection in Thoroughbred Racehorses-A Putative Role in Poor Performance?
2019 update of the drug resistance mutations in HIV-1.
HIV and the liver.
Development of an extraction method to detect enteric viruses in dressed vegetables.
Molecular epidemiology, phylogenetic analysis and genotype distribution of hepatitis B virus in Saudi Arabia: Predominance of genotype D1.
Epidemiology characteristics and phylogenic analysis of human respiratory syncytial virus in patients with respiratory infections during 2011-2016 in southern China.
Correlation of interleukin-18 gene polymorphism with the susceptibility of condyloma acuminatum in Chinese population.
Dengue viral infection in Indonesia: Epidemiology, diagnostic challenges, and mutations from an observational cohort study.
Pathology of Rotavirus-driven Multiple Organ Failure in a 16-month-old Boy.
Tenofovir Versus Entecavir for Hepatocellular Carcinoma Prevention in an International Consortium of Chronic Hepatitis B.
Immune checkpoint inhibitors in people living with HIV: what about anti-HIV effects?
Genetic Clustering Analysis for HIV Infection among Men Who Have Sex with Men in Nigeria: implications for intervention.
Thermosensitive pilus production by FCT type 3 Streptococcus pyogenes controlled by Nra regulator translational efficiency.
treeio: an R package for phylogenetic tree input and output with richly annotated and associated data.
The Role of NS5 Protein in Determination of Host Cell Range for Yellow Fever Virus.
Guidelines for the use of flow cytometry and cell sorting in immunological studies (second edition).
Antiviral activity of a purine synthesis enzyme reveals a key role of deamidation in regulating protein nuclear import.
Use of Acid Ceramidase and Sphingosine Kinase Inhibitors as Antiviral Compounds Against Measles Virus Infection of Lymphocytes in vitro.
CCL19 and CCR7 Expression, Signaling Pathways, and Adjuvant Functions in Viral Infection and Prevention.
Harmonization of Zika neutralization assays by using the WHO International Standard for anti-Zika virus antibody.
Zinc Chelation Specifically Inhibits Early Stages of Dengue Virus Replication by Activation of NF-kappaB and Induction of Antiviral Response in Epithelial Cells.
Sixty Years after the First Description: Genome Sequence and Biological Characterization of European Wheat Striate Mosaic Virus Infecting Cereal Crops.
Use of an infectious cDNA clone of pepper veinal mottle virus to confirm the etiology of a disease in Capsicum chinense.
Demographic and clinical characteristics of chikungunya patients from six Colombian cities, 2014-2015.
GILT restricts the cellular entry mediated by the envelope glycoproteins of SARS-CoV, Ebola virus and Lassa fever virus.
The Nsp12-coding region of type 2 PRRSV is required for viral subgenomic mRNA synthesis.
From stars to stripes: RNA-directed shaping of plant viral protein templates-structural synthetic virology for smart biohybrid nanostructures.
Dengue NS2A Protein Orchestrates Virus Assembly.
Single low-dose VSV-EBOV vaccination protects cynomolgus macaques from lethal Ebola challenge.
Enterovirus A71: virulence, antigenicity, and genetic evolution over the years.
Should there be a World Health Assembly resolution for malaria eradication? Opinion against.
Influence of some methylated hepatocarcinogenesis-related genes on the response to antiviral therapy and development of fibrosis in chronic hepatitis C patients.
Endosomal toll-like receptors play a key role in activation of primary human monocytes by Cowpea Mosaic Virus.
Hepatitis viruses take advantage of traditional practices to increase the burden of hepatocellular carcinoma in Tunisia.
Genomic characterization of bacteriophage pEt-SU, a novel phiKZ-related virus infecting Edwardsiella tarda.
Genome-wide association study of the seed transmission rate of soybean mosaic virus and associated traits using two diverse population panels.
Molecular detection of enteric viruses in the stool samples of children without diarrhea in Bangladesh.
Analysis of hepatic and retinal cell microRNAome during AAV infection reveals their diverse impact on viral transduction and cellular physiology.
No impact of previous NRTIs resistance in HIV positive patients switched to DTG+2NRTIs under virological control: Time of viral suppression makes the difference.
Influenza A Virus Hemagglutinin-Neuraminidase-Receptor Balance: Preserving Virus Motility.
M2e-based universal influenza vaccines: a historical overview and new approaches to development.
Scales of persistence: transmission and the microbiome.
Runaway Kaposi Sarcoma-associated herpesvirus replication correlates with systemic IL-10 levels.
trans-delta-Viniferin inhibits Ca2+-activated Cl- channels and improves diarrhea symptoms.
Mutations in the HRB linker of Human Parainfluenza Virus Type 3 Fusion Protein Reveal its Importance for Fusion Activity.
Reduction of turnaround time for non-tuberculous mycobacteria detection in heater-cooler units by propidium monoazide real-time PCR.
The Role of RNA in HIV-1 Vif-Mediated Degradation of APOBEC3H.
Inhibition of aldehyde dehydrogenase-1 and p-glycoprotein-mediated multidrug resistance by curcumin and vitamin D3 increases sensitivity to paclitaxel in breast cancer.
Description of the novel null allele, HLA-DPA1*01:29 N in a Lotha individual from Nagaland, North-East India.
HLA-C*04:01:01:78, a novel variant of HLA-C*04, detected in a Sumi individual from Nagaland, North-East India.
Impact of Early Life Antibiotic Exposure and Neonatal Hyperoxia on the Murine Microbiome and Lung Injury.
Author Correction: Illumina sequencing of clinical samples for virus detection in a public health laboratory.
Resident memory T cells are a cellular reservoir for HIV in the cervical mucosa.
Dislodged Nephrostomy Catheter: An Unusual Case of Idiopathic Transposition of Nephrostomy Catheter From Transplanted Kidney to Adjacent Small Bowel Loop: A Case Report.
Seroprevalence of an antibody against diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis among the elderly in Khon Kaen, Thailand.
The History of Enterovirus A71 Outbreaks and Molecular Epidemiology in the Asia-Pacific Region.
Yellow Fever: Integrating Current Knowledge with Technological Innovations to Identify Strategies for Controlling a Re-Emerging Virus.
In Vitro Antimicrobial Activity of the Decontaminant HybenX  Compared to Chlorhexidine and Sodium Hypochlorite against Common Bacterial and Yeast Pathogens.
Serological Evidence of Exposure to Ebolaviruses in Domestic Pigs from Guinea.
Clinical Manifestations of Nipah Virus-Infected Patients Who Presented to the Emergency Department During an Outbreak in Kerala State in India, May 2018.
Stability behaviour of antiretroviral drugs and their combinations. 11: Characterization of interaction products of zidovudine and efavirenz, and evaluation of their anti HIV-1 activity, and physiochemical and ADMET properties.
Fine mapping epitope on glycoprotein Gc from Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus.
Genetic studies of terminal regions of vaccine and field isolates of capripoxviruses.
Human parechovirus type 5 neurological infection in neonate with favorable outcome: a case report.
The activity of Aurora kinase B is required for dengue virus release.
ImKTx96, a peptide blocker of the Kv1.2 ion channel from the venom of the scorpion Isometrus maculates.
HIV-1 replication benefits from the RNA epitranscriptomic code.
Filament-like Assemblies of Intracellular Nucleic Acid Sensors: Commonalities and Differences.
Recurrence and Occurrence of Kaposi \' s Sarcoma in Patients Living With Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and on Antiretroviral Therapy, Despite Suppressed HIV Viremia.
Efficacy and safety of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate in Chinese patients with chronic hepatitis B virus infection: A 2-year prospective study.
Serial analysis of cytokine and chemokine profiles and viral load in severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome: Case report and review of literature.
Giant paravertebral schwannoma near the lumbar nerve roots with bone destruction: A case report.
Effects of silver nanoparticles coated with anti-HER2 on irradiation efficiency of SKBR3 breast cancer cells.
Foodborne viral outbreaks associated with frozen produce.
Synergistic effect of photodynamic therapy at 400 nm and doxycycline against Helicobacter pylori.
Clinical Application Evaluation of a Fourth-Generation HIV Antigen Antibody Combination Screening Assay.
Is Human Papillomavirus and Helicobacter pylori Related in Gastric Lesions?
Proposal of Efficient Workflows for Confirmatory Neutralization Test for Initial Hepatitis B Surface Antigen Positive Samples.
Identification of new viral variants specific to the honey bee mite Varroa destructor.
Creation of a new genus in the family Secoviridae substantiated by sequence variation of newly identified strawberry latent ringspot virus isolates.
Analysis of bovine leukemia virus integration sites in cattle under 3 years old with enzootic bovine leukosis.
The first report of Streptococcus pluranimalium infection from Iran: A case report and literature review.
Schmallenberg virus: a systematic international literature review (2011-2019) from an Irish perspective.
Distinct transduction of muscle tissue in mice after systemic delivery of AAVpo1 vectors.
Multi-strategic RNA-seq analysis reveals a high-resolution transcriptional landscape in cotton.
Genomic Characterization of a Coxsackievirus A20 Strain Recovered from a Child with Acute Flaccid Paralysis in Nigeria.
HIV controllers: to treat or not to treat? Is that the right question?
Risk factors for Blastocystis infection in HIV/AIDS patients with highly active antiretroviral therapy in Southwest China.
The Antimicrobial and Antiviral Activity of Polyphenols from Almond (Prunus dulcis L.) Skin.
Erratum: Pyke, A.T. et al. On the Home Front: Specialized Reference Testing for Dengue in the Australasian Region. Trop. Med. Infect. Dis. 2018, 3, 75.
Comparison of Theiler \' s Murine Encephalomyelitis Virus Induced Spinal Cord and Peripheral Nerve Lesions Following Intracerebral and Intraspinal Infection.
Point-of-Care Strategies for Detection of Waterborne Pathogens.
Identification of an Interferon-Stimulated Long Noncoding RNA (LncRNA ISR) Involved in Regulation of Influenza A Virus Replication.
Expression of coagulin A with low cytotoxic activity by Pediococcus pentosaceus ST65ACC isolated from raw milk cheese.
Knock-out mutation of eukaryotic initiation factor 4E2 (eIF4E2) confers resistance to pepper veinal mottle virus in tomato.
Development of a reverse transcription-loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay for the detection of parrot bornavirus 4.
Identification of a gammac Receptor Antagonist that Prevents Reprogramming of Human Tissue-resident Cytotoxic T Cells by IL15 and IL21.
Respiratory syncytial virus nonstructural proteins 1 and 2: Exceptional disrupters of innate immune responses.
Epidemiological, clinical and laboratory characteristics of the measles resurgence in the Republic of Serbia in 2014-2015.
Genetic and phenotypic characterization of recently discovered enterovirus D type 111.
Viral quasispecies.
Varicella-zoster virus cns disease clinical features in ukrainian patients. prospective study.
Discovery of the novel allele, HLA-C*03:04:01:38 in two individuals from the Ao tribe of Nagaland, North-East India.
Control of RNA viruses in mosquito cells through the acquisition of vDNA and endogenous viral elements.
Antiproliferative and antiviral activity of methanolic extracts from Sardinian Maltese Mushroom (Cynomorium coccineum L.).
Highly efficient library preparation for Ion Torrent sequencing using Y-adapters.
Structural Basis of Glycan Recognition in Globally Predominant Human P[8] Rotavirus.
Effect of asymptomatic infection with southern tomato virus on tomato plants.
Alphavirus-based hepatitis C virus therapeutic vaccines: can universal helper epitopes enhance HCV-specific cytotoxic T lymphocyte responses?
Molecular pathogenic and host range determinants of reassortant Egyptian low pathogenic avian influenza H9N2 viruses from backyard chicken.
SNHG12: An LncRNA as a Potential Therapeutic Target and Biomarker for Human Cancer.
QuilA-Adjuvanted T. gondii Lysate Antigens Trigger Robust Antibody and IFNgamma+ T Cell Responses in Pigs Leading to Reduction in Parasite DNA in Tissues Upon Challenge Infection.
A Glycolipid Adjuvant, 7DW8-5, Enhances the Protective Immune Response to the Current Split Influenza Vaccine in Mice.
HTLV-1 Extracellular Vesicles Promote Cell-to-Cell Contact.
Impact of chemokine C-C ligand 27, foreskin anatomy and sexually transmitted infections on HIV-1 target cell availability in adolescent South African males.
Disruption of the Dimer-Dimer Interaction of the Mumps Virus Attachment Protein Head Domain, Aided by an Anion Located at the Interface, Compromises Membrane Fusion Triggering.
Weak cis and trans interactions of the hemagglutinin with receptors trigger fusion proteins of neuropathogenic measles virus isolates.
Recombinant rotaviruses rescued by reverse genetics reveal the role of NSP5 hyperphosphorylation in the assembly of viral factories.
Evaluation of the efficacy of a trivalent vaccine mixture against a triple challenge with Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae, PCV2, and PRRSV and the efficacy comparison of the respective monovalent vaccines against a single challenge.
Field-captured Aedes vexans (Meigen, 1830) is a competent vector for Rift Valley fever phlebovirus in Europe.
Clinical outcomes of patients treated with intravenous zanamivir for severe influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 infection: a case report series.
Frequency and Evolution of Acute Oral Complications in Patients Undergoing Radiochemotherapy Treatment for Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
How Central Is the Domestic Pig in the Epidemiological Cycle of Japanese Encephalitis Virus? A Review of Scientific Evidence and Implications for Disease Control.
Molecular Detection and Antibiotyping of Multidrug-Resistant Salmonella Isolated from Houseflies in a Fish Market.
The Nature of the HTLV-1 Provirus in Naturally Infected Individuals Analyzed by the Viral DNA-Capture-Seq Approach.
A unique class of lignin derivatives displays broad anti-HIV activity by interacting with the viral envelope.
Dysbiosis Modulates Ocular Surface Inflammatory Response to Liposaccharide.
Circulation of Chikungunya virus East-Central-South Africa genotype during an outbreak in 2016-17 in Piaui State, Northeast Brazil.
Hepatitis E seroprevalence and associated risk factors in Croatian liver transplant recipients.
Fine epitope mapping of glycoprotein Gn in Guertu virus.
Comparative cost analysis of point-of-care versus laboratory-based testing to initiate and monitor HIV treatment in South Africa.
A systematic review of the epidemiology of human monkeypox outbreaks and implications for outbreak strategy.
Analysis in a murine model points to IgG responses against the 34k2 salivary proteins from Aedes albopictus and Aedes aegypti as novel promising candidate markers of host exposure to Aedes mosquitoes.
Call for Special Issue Papers: Viral Oncolysis.
Compromised CD4:CD8 ratio recovery in people living with HIV aged over 50 years: an observational study.
Integrase strand transfer inhibitor (INSTI)-resistance mutations for the surveillance of transmitted HIV-1 drug resistance.
Monitoring of free-ranging and captive Psittacula populations in Western Europe for avian bornaviruses, circoviruses and polyomaviruses.
Multifluorescence Live Analysis of Herpes Simplex Virus Type-1 Replication.
Preparation of Herpes Simplex Virus-Infected Primary Neurons for Transmission Electron Microscopy.
Phenotypic and Genotypic Testing of HSV-1 and HSV-2 Resistance to Antivirals.
HSV-1 Amplicon Vectors as Genetic Vaccines.
Preparation of Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 (HSV-1)-Based Amplicon Vectors.
Herpes Simplex Virus Growth, Preparation, and Assay.
Hepatitis B genotyping: The utility for the clinicians.
Identification and genomic characterization of grapevine Kizil Sapak virus, a novel grapevine-infecting member of the family Betaflexiviridae.
Genomic characterization of a novel astrovirus identified in Amur tigers from a zoo in China.
Evaluation of rapid diagnostic tests and conventional enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays to determine prior dengue infection.
The Role of EGFR in Influenza Pathogenicity: Multiple Network-Based Approaches to Identify a Key Regulator of Non-lethal Infections.
Interleukin-22 Attenuated Renal Tubular Injury in Aristolochic Acid Nephropathy via Suppressing Activation of NLRP3 Inflammasome.
The Quest for Cellular Markers of HIV Reservoirs: Any Color You Like.
Impact on patient satisfaction and importance of medical intake and office staff in a multidisciplinary, one-stop shop transgender program in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Why Japan imported Ebola ahead of the 2020 Olympics.
Impacts of environmental and socio-economic factors on emergence and epidemic potential of Ebola in Africa.
Correction for Kibler et al., "Replication-Competent NYVAC-KC Yields Improved Immunogenicity to HIV-1 Antigens in Rhesus Macaques Compared to Nonreplicating NYVAC".
History and epidemiology of foot-and-mouth disease in Afghanistan: a retrospective study.
Assessment of a new low-cost, PCR-based strategy for high-risk human papillomavirus DNA detection for cervical cancer prevention.
DNA methylomes and transcriptomes analysis reveal implication of host DNA methylation machinery in BmNPV proliferation in Bombyx mori.
The First Detection of Equine Coronavirus in Adult Horses and Foals in Ireland.
Pre-Transplantation Assessment of BK Virus Serostatus: Significance, Current Methods, and Obstacles.
Translational Application of Circulating DNA in Oncology: Review of the Last Decades Achievements.
Canine and Phocine Distemper Viruses: Global Spread and Genetic Basis of Jumping Species Barriers.
Phylogenetic Analysis of Lednice Orthobunyavirus.
New Challenges of HIV-1 Infection: How HIV-1 Attacks and Resides in the Central Nervous System.
Comparative In Vitro Evaluation of Antibacterial and Osteogenic Activity of Polysaccharide and Flavonoid Fractions Isolated from the leaves of Saussurea controversa.
Discovery of Novel Integrase Inhibitors Acting outside the Active Site Through High-Throughput Screening.
Nosocomial Transmission of Emerging Viruses via Aerosol-Generating Medical Procedures.
Quantitative Microscopy Reveals Stepwise Alteration of Chromatin Structure during Herpesvirus Infection.
Retrospective Study of Listeria Monocytogenes Isolated in the Territory of Inner Eurasia from 1947 to 1999.
A Comparative Analysis of Risk Perception and Coping Behaviors among Chinese Poultry Farmers Regarding Human and Poultry Infection with Avian Influenza.
EPA and DHA can modulate cell death via inhibition of the Fas/tBid-mediated signaling pathway with ISKNV infection in grouper fin cell line (GF-1) cells.
The Ps and Qs of alarmone synthesis in Staphylococcus aureus.
Safety and efficacy of mucosal immunotherapy using human papillomavirus (HPV) type 16 E7-expressing Lactobacillus-based vaccine for the treatment of high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (HSIL): the study protocol of a randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial (MILACLE study).
Comparison of Microneutralization and Histo-blood Group Antigen-Blocking Assays for Functional Norovirus Antibody Detection.
Importance of vaccine history in suspected measles.
Comparison of human-induced pluripotent stem cells and mesenchymal stem cell differentiation potential to insulin producing cells in 2D and 3D culture systems in vitro.
Risk-based water quality thresholds for coliphages in surface waters: effect of temperature and contamination aging.
Lumpfish (Cyclopterus lumpus, Linnaeus) is susceptible to viral nervous necrosis: Result of an experimental infection with different genotypes of Betanodavirus.
Superinfective Hepatitis E Virus Infection Aggravates Hepatocytes Injury in Chronic Hepatitis B.
Immunogenic Evaluation of Ribosomal P-Protein Antigen P0, P1, and P2 and Pentameric Protein Complex P0-(P1-P2)2 of Plasmodium falciparum in a Mouse Model.
The Role of Innate Leukocytes during Influenza Virus Infection.
Extracellular AGR3 regulates breast cancer cells migration via Src signaling.
A Peptide-Based Virus Inactivator Protects Male Mice Against Zika Virus-Induced Damage of Testicular Tissue.
Evolutionary Analysis of the VP1 and RNA-Dependent RNA Polymerase Regions of Human Norovirus GII.P17-GII.17 in 2013-2017.
The Underlying Mechanism of 3-Hydroxyphthalic Anhydride-Modified Bovine Beta-Lactoglobulin to Block Human Papillomavirus Entry Into the Host Cell.
Transportin-1 binds to the HIV-1 capsid via a nuclear localization signal and triggers uncoating.
Molecular and serological survey of carnivore pathogens in free-roaming domestic cats of rural communities in southern Chile.
Sympathetic ophthalmia with incidental finding of chicken pox supported by histopathology and immunohistochemistry.
p16 as an independent marker for detection of high-risk HPV in oral submucous fibrosis and oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Human enteric defensin 5 promotes Shigella infection of macrophages.
Acquired Pelger-Huet anomaly in a patient treated with valganciclovir.
Population genetics of Aedes albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae) in its native range in Lao People \' s Democratic Republic.
Innate Immune Evasion by Human Respiratory RNA Viruses.
The protective effect of Helicobacter Pylori infection on the susceptibility of multiple sclerosis.
Rapid microbiological tests for bloodstream infections due to multidrug resistant Gram-negative bacteria: therapeutic implications.
Natural products against acute respiratory infections: Strategies and lessons learned.
[Development and assessment of a reagent kit for RNA detection of CrimeanCongo hemorrhagic fever virus with using reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification method.]
Cure with Interferon Free DAA is Associated with Increased Survival in Patients with HCV related HCC from both East and West.
Effector memory differentiation increases detection of replication-competent HIV-l in resting CD4+ T cells from virally suppressed individuals.
Effectiveness of Transmitted Drug Resistance Testing Before Initiation of Antiretroviral Therapy in HIV-Positive Individuals.
Use of impregnated catheters to decrease colonization rates in neonates - a randomized controlled pilot trial.
Barley yellow dwarf virus can be inoculated during brief intracellular punctures in phloem cells before the sieve element continuous salivation phase.
Real-world experience of 12-week DAA regimen of glecaprevir and pibrentasvir in patients with chronic HCV infection.
Efficacy, Safety, and Predictors of Direct-acting antivirals in Hepatitis C Virus Patients with Heterogeneous Liver Diseases.
Correlation between specific groups of heterotrophic bacteria and microcystin biodegradation in freshwater bodies of central Europe.
Hepatotropic viruses (hepatitis A, B, C, D and E) in a rural Brazilian population: prevalence, genotypes, risk factors and vaccination.
Evolutionary conservation and structural localizations suggest a physical trace of metabolism \' s progressive geochronological emergence.
Insights into species-specific regulation of ANP32A on the mammalian-restricted influenza virus polymerase activity.
HPV DNA Associates With Breast Cancer Malignancy and It Is Transferred to Breast Cancer Stromal Cells by Extracellular Vesicles.
Toward a Functional Cure for Hepatitis B: The Rationale and Challenges for Therapeutic Targeting of the B Cell Immune Response.
Hsa_circ_0000479 as a Novel Diagnostic Biomarker of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Diverse Immunomodulatory Effects of Individual IFNalpha Subtypes on Virus-Specific CD8+ T Cell Responses.
Advances in Diagnostic Approaches for Viral Etiologies of Diarrhea: From the Lab to the Field.
Incident HIV infection and perinatal transmission rates among HIV negative pregnant women who retested in labor in a tertiary health centre, South East Nigeria.
Programmable Inhibition and Detection of RNA Viruses Using Cas13.
[The consistency of ultra-wide-field retinal imaging and the Superfield lens for fundus screening in HIV/AIDS patients].
[Influenza-like illness outbreaks in China during 2017-2018 surveillance season].
[The study of AAV9 expression in cochleae of mice at different ages].
Environmental algal phage isolates and their impact on production potential for food and biofuel applications.
A molecular survey using a validated real-time PCR assay finds no evidence of bovine alphaherpesvirus 2 in samples from animals with suspected vesicular disease in Brazil between 2014 and 2017.
Long Term Prevention and Vector Control of Arboviral Diseases: What does the future hold?
TCF-1-Centered Transcriptional Network Drives an Effector versus Exhausted CD8 T Cell-Fate Decision.
Organ Transplantation From Nonstandard Risk Donors: Midway Between Rigid and Flexible Rules.
[Cervical cancer: Current situation and management in Morocco].
Intensified household contact tracing, prevention and treatment support versus enhanced standard of care for contacts of tuberculosis cases in South Africa: study protocol for a household cluster-randomised trial.
Porcine parvovirus replication is suppressed by activation of the PERK signaling pathway and endoplasmic reticulum stress-mediated apoptosis.
Human Parvovirus 4: A harmless bystander or a pathogen of severe acute respiratory illness.
Increases in compulsivity, inflammation, and neural injury in HIV transgenic rats with escalated methamphetamine self-administration under extended-access conditions.
Characterization of difenoconazole resistance in Lasiodiplodia theobromae from papaya in Brazil.
HLA-C*07:06:01:06 - A new HLA-C allele identified in an Ao tribal individual from Nagaland, North-East India.
Displaying enhancing factors on the surface of occlusion bodies improves the insecticidal efficacy of a baculovirus.
Prevention of parvovirus B19-induced repetitive acute kidney failure by subcutaneous immunoglobulins.
Genome sequence and phylogenetic analysis of a novel comovirus from tabasco pepper (Capsicum frutescens).
Impact of NRTI resistance mutations on virological effectiveness of antiretroviral regimens containing elvitegravir: a multi-cohort study.
Beneficial effects of Lactobacillus reuteri 6475 on bone density in male mice is dependent on lymphocytes.
Longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis with seropositive chikungunya.
Hepatitis B-associated hepatocellular carcinoma in a young Haitian man: a review of screening guidelines.
Viral load of human papillomavirus types 16/18/31/33/45 as a predictor of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia and cancer by age.
Co-infections of HPV16/18 with other high-risk HPV types and the risk of cervical carcinogenesis: A large population-based study.
Vector competence is strongly affected by a small deletion or point mutations in bluetongue virus.
Hepatitis B virus-triggered PTEN/beta-catenin/c-Myc signaling enhances PD-L1 expression to promote immune evasion.
Lung transcriptional unresponsiveness and loss of early influenza virus control in infected neonates is prevented by intranasal Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG.
P200 family protein IFI204 negatively regulates type I interferon responses by targeting IRF7 in nucleus.
Type I interferon-dependent CCL4 is induced by a cGAS/STING pathway that bypasses viral inhibition and protects infected tissue, independent of viral burden.
Effects of the Antifungal Agent Ciclopirox in HPV-Positive Cancer Cells: Repression of Viral E6/E7 Oncogene Expression and Induction of Senescence and Apoptosis.
Virus-induced autophagic degradation of STAT2 as a mechanism for interferon signaling blockade.
A Randomized, Blinded, Dose-Ranging Trial of an Ebola Virus Glycoprotein (EBOV GP) Nanoparticle Vaccine with Matrix-M  Adjuvant in Healthy Adults.
Novel reassortant of H1N1 swine influenza virus detected in pig population in Russia.
Co-Infection of Scrub Typhus and Human Granulocytic Anaplasmosis in Korea, 2006.
Different in vivo growth of ostreid herpesvirus 1 at 18  C and 22  C alters mortality of Pacific oysters (Crassostrea gigas).
Soluble mannose receptor as a predictor of prognosis of hepatitis B virus-related acute-on-chronic liver failure.
Pro-oncogenic, intra host viral quasispecies in Diffuse large B cell lymphoma patients with occult Hepatitis B Virus infection.
High susceptibility, viral dynamics and persistence of South American Zika virus in New World monkey species.
Bioassay for Endothelial Damage Mediators Retrieved by Hemoadsorption.
Oligomeric state of the ZIKV E protein defines protective immune responses.
[Establishment of a method with real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction for hepatitis E virus in swine feces and its molecular epidemiology].
Adenosine mediates functional and metabolic suppression of peripheral and tumor-infiltrating CD8+ T cells.
Recent advances in delivery of veterinary DNA vaccines against avian pathogens.
Carica papaya extract in dengue: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Enhanced IFN-gamma, but not IL-2, response to Mycobacterium tuberculosis antigens in HIV/latent TB co-infected patients on long-term HAART.
Genome Analysis of a Novel Clade II.b Alphabaculovirus Obtained from Artaxa digramma.
Silencing of Odorant-Binding Protein Gene OBP3 Using RNA Interference Reduced Virus Transmission of Tomato Chlorosis Virus.
Amantadine resistance markers among low pathogenic avian influenza H9N2 viruses isolated from poultry in India, during 2009-2017.
HDAC11 restricts HBV replication through epigenetic repression of cccDNA transcription.
Hepatitis B virus replicating in hepatocellular carcinoma encodes HBx variants with preserved ability to antagonize restriction by Smc5/6.
The Human Gut Virome Is Highly Diverse, Stable, and Individual Specific.
Viral Satellites Exploit Phage Proteins to Escape Degradation of the Bacterial Host Chromosome.
Does rotavirus turn on type 1 diabetes?
The interferon stimulated gene 20 protein (ISG20) is an innate defense antiviral factor that discriminates self versus non-self translation.
Management of insecticide resistance in the major Aedes vectors of arboviruses: Advances and challenges.
Dynamic evolution in the key honey bee pathogen deformed wing virus: Novel insights into virulence and competition using reverse genetics.
Update: Influenza Activity - United States and Worldwide, May 19-September 28, 2019, and Composition of the 2020 Southern Hemisphere Influenza Vaccine.
Reassortment of RNA2 genome segments creates stable lineages among strains of Orchid fleck virus infecting citrus in Mexico.
Risk of post-operative, pre-radiotherapy contralateral neck recurrence in patients treated with surgery followed by adjuvant radiotherapy for human papilloma virus-associated tonsil cancer.
Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 and Host Antiviral Immune Responses: An Update.
Field evaluation of common poultry viral vaccinesin Egypt: a need for reassessment of the vaccine value chain.
First whole genome characterization of porcine astrovirus detected in swine faeces in Italy.
- No Title -
[Antiviral therapy for general practitioners].
[Recent advances in managing hepatitis D].
Biomineralization improves the thermostability of foot-and-mouth disease virus-like particles and the protective immune response induced.
Cholesterol depletion sensitizes gallbladder cancer to cisplatin by impairing DNA damage response.
Tri- and Diterpenoids from Stillingia loranthacea as Inhibitors of Zika Virus Replication.
PhyloSuite: an integrated and scalable desktop platform for streamlined molecular sequence data management and evolutionary phylogenetics studies.
Evaluation of surface glycoproteins of classical swine fever virus as immunogens and reagents for serological diagnosis of infections in pigs: a recombinant Newcastle disease virus approach.
The range of sampling times affects Zika virus evolutionary rates and divergence times.
Complete genome sequence of a novel partitivirus from the entomogenous fungus Beauveria bassiana in China.
In vitro effect of branched polyethyleneimine (bPEI) on cells infected with human immunodeficiency virus: enhancement of viral replication.
Apple chlorotic fruit spot viroid: a putative new pathogenic viroid on apple characterized by next-generation sequencing.
The challenge of post-mortem GHB analysis: storage conditions and specimen types are both important.
Polymerase Chain Reaction and Its Application in the Diagnosis of Infectious Keratitis.
Viral N6-methyladenosine upregulates replication and pathogenesis of human respiratory syncytial virus.
[Research achievements and questions on hepatitis B virus reactivation in hematological diseases].
[Hematopoietic cell transplantation for chronic active EBV infection].
Characterization of Endogenous SERINC5 Protein as anti-HIV-1 Factor.
COPII Vesicle Transport is Required for Rotavirus NSP4 Interaction with the Autophagy Protein LC3 II and Trafficking to Viroplasms.
Hemagglutinin-dependent tropism of H5N1 and H7N9 influenza viruses to human endothelial cells is determined by reduced stability of the HA which allows the virus to cope with inefficient endosomal acidification and constitutively expressed IFITM3.
Generation of Recombinant Rotavirus Expressing NSP3-UnaG Fusion Protein by a Simplified Reverse Genetics System.
Multi-functional roles of the N-terminal region of HIV-1SF2Nef are mediated by three independent protein interaction sites.
Hemagglutinin cleavability, acid-stability and temperature dependence optimize influenza B virus for replication in human airways.
The replication-competent HIV-1 latent reservoir is primarily established near the time of therapy initiation.
Gasdermin D Drives the Nonexosomal Secretion of Galectin-3, an Insulin Signal Antagonist.
Association between Lipoprotein Levels and Humoral Reactivity to Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis in Multiple Sclerosis, Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Case 31-2019: A 45-Year-Old Woman with Headache and Somnolence.
Reduction in HPV16/18 prevalence among young women with high-grade cervical lesions following the Japanese HPV vaccination program.
Chlamydia trachomatis-infected human cells convert ceramide to sphingomyelin without sphingomyelin synthases 1 and 2.
Association between vitiligo lesions and acute chikungunya infection: is there a causal relationship?
Human virome in nasopharynx and tracheal secretion samples.
Insular Microbiogeography: Three Pathogens as Exemplars.
A single regulator NrtR controls bacterial NAD+ homeostasis via its acetylation.
A potential marker in brucellosis, long non coding RNA IFNG-AS1.
Complete genome sequence of the novel phage vB_BthS-HD29phi infecting Bacillus thuringiensis.
nab-Paclitaxel-based induction chemotherapy followed by cisplatin and radiation therapy for human papillomavirus-unrelated head and neck squamous-cell carcinoma.
CD161+ CD4+ T Cells Harbor Clonally Expanded Replication-Competent HIV-1 in Antiretroviral Therapy-Suppressed Individuals.
The secRNome of Listeria monocytogenes Harbors Small Noncoding RNAs That Are Potent Inducers of Beta Interferon.
Detection of isothermally amplified ostreid herpesvirus 1 DNA in Pacific oyster (Crassostrea gigas) using a miniaturised electrochemical biosensor.
Predictors of loss to follow-up in art experienced patients in Nigeria: a 13 year review (2004-2017).
[Design and analysis of two groups interrupt time series].
[Correlation study of IL-18 expression in HBsAg positive parturients in intrauterine transmission of HBV].
[Epidemiology study of intrauterine transmission of HBV in HBsAg-positive parturients in Xi \' an].
[The clinical characteristics and prognosis of 20 patients with H7N9 avian influenza].
[Effect of antiviral therapy on the occurrence of hepatitis B-related hepatocellular carcinoma].
cGAS and CD-NTase enzymes: structure, mechanism, and evolution.
Polymorphic variants conferring genetic risk to cervical lesions support GSTs as important associated loci.
Severe Japanese encephalitis with multiple intracranial hemorrhages: A case report.
Distribution of High-Risk Human Papillomavirus Genotypes and Multiple Infections in Preneoplastic and Neoplastic Cervical Lesions of Unvaccinated Women: A Cross-sectional Study.
Low-Risk Human Papillomavirus Types in Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia 2-3 and in Invasive Cervical Cancer Patients.
Evaluation of antibody persistence after a four-dose primary hepatitis B vaccination and anamnestic immune response in children under 6 years.
Resolution by deep sequencing of a dual hepatitis E virus infection transmitted via blood components.
Evaluation and Comparison of the Potential Immunogenicity of Two Commercial Inactivated Bivalent Newcastle and Avian Influenza Vaccines in SPF Chicken.
Skin Protein Profile after Major Weight Loss and Its Role in Body Contouring Surgery.
People with high HIV viral load within risk networks: who are these people and who refers them best?
P21 and P27 promote tumorigenesis and progression via cell cycle acceleration in seminal vesicles of TRAMP mice.
Editorial: HBV-the naked truth? Authors \'  reply.
Polyclonal and convergent antibody response to Ebola virus vaccine rVSV-ZEBOV.
A glimpse into immune responses evolving against Ebola virus.
The World Health Organization \' s Essential Diagnostics List: Diagnostics for neurologic disorders.
Acute Flaccid Myelitis in the United States: 2015-2017.
A sulfated glucuronorhamnan from the green seaweed Monostroma nitidum: Characteristics of its structure and antiviral activity.
Ethical issues associated with HIV molecular epidemiology: a qualitative exploratory study using inductive analytic approaches.
Virus persistence in pig herds led to successive reassortment events between swine and human influenza A viruses, resulting in the emergence of a novel triple-reassortant swine influenza virus.
Serum and tissue miRNAs: potential biomarkers for the diagnosis of cervical cancer.
Serum levels of anti-hepatitis B surface antibodies among vaccinated children aged 1 to 12 years in a rural community in Fars Province, southern Iran.
Griffithsin, a Highly Potent Broad-Spectrum Antiviral Lectin from Red Algae: From Discovery to Clinical Application.
An evaluation of serological methods to diagnose tick-borne encephalitis from serum and cerebrospinal fluid.
END-phenomenon negative bovine viral diarrhea virus that induces the host \' s innate immune response supports propagation of BVDVs with different immunological properties.
Induction of co-inhibitory molecule CTLA-4 by human papillomavirus E7 protein through downregulation of histone methyltransferase JHDM1B expression.
Hepatitis E virus genotype 3 strains and a plethora of other viruses detected in raw and still in tap water.
Association between dense PAX1 promoter methylation and HPV16 infection in cervical squamous epithelial neoplasms of Xin Jiang Uyghur and Han women.
High level of exposure to hepatitis B virus infection in a vulnerable population of a low endemic area: a challenge for vaccination coverage.
Phage resistance at the cost of virulence: Listeria monocytogenes serovar 4b requires galactosylated teichoic acids for InlB-mediated invasion.
Development of a recombinant replication-deficient rabies virus-based bivalent-vaccine against MERS-CoV and rabies virus and its humoral immunogenicity in mice.
Analysis of a fully infectious bio-orthogonally modified human virus reveals novel features of virus cell entry.
Subgenotyping and genetic variability of hepatitis C virus in Palestine.
A peridomestic Aedes malayensis population in Singapore can transmit yellow fever virus.
Use of organoids to study regenerative responses to intestinal damage.
HLA-DPA1*02:01:01:13, a novel HLA-DPA1 allele, detected in an Ao tribal individual from Nagaland, North-East India.
A novel allele HLA-B*38:02:01:02, identified in an Angami individual from Nagaland, North-East India.
A novel allele HLA-B*15:02:01:04, recognized in an individual from the Angami tribe, Nagaland, North-East India.
Detection of the novel HLA-DQB1*03:404 allele in an Ao individual from Nagaland, North-East India.
Characterization of the novel allele HLA-DPA1*02:01:01:12 from an Ao tribal individual from Nagaland, North-East India.
A silent mutation in codon 228 results in a novel allele HLA-C*04:06:03 in an Ao-Naga individual from North-East India.
The novel HLA-C*04:400 allele, identified in a Konyak-Naga tribal individual from North-East India.
Glycan-dependent HIV-specific neutralizing antibodies bind to cells of uninfected individuals.
Host abundance and identity determine the epidemiology and evolution of a generalist plant virus in a wild ecosystem.
Synthesis of nucleotide analogues, EFdA, EdA and EdAP, and the effect of EdAP on hepatitis B virus replication.
Vaccines against Ebola virus and Marburg virus: recent advances and promising candidates.
Estimating Influenza-associated Mortality in Korea: The 2009-2016 Seasons.
Global epidemiology of nonpolio enteroviruses causing severe neurological complications: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
A simple and efficient method for potential point-of-care diagnosis of human papillomavirus genotypes: combination of isothermal recombinase polymerase amplification with lateral flow dipstick and reverse dot blot.
Educational pathways in Paediatric Virology: Pros and cons.
Paediatric Virology and the indisputable value of prevention.
Practicing humility and medical education: Lessons learnt interviewing experts on Paediatric Virology.
The value of scientific patience.
Mache Papanicolaou (1890-1982), the dedicated companion of the great benefactor: An interview with Dr Julie Kokkori, one of the only living relatives of Dr George N. Papanicolaou.
Paediatric Virology and innovation in medical education: An interview with Dr Ioannis N. Mammas, Consultant Paediatrician on the island of Euboea (Greece) and Coordinator of the Paediatric Virology Study Group.
The perspectives and the challenges of Paediatric Radiology: An interview with Dr Georgia Papaioannou, Head of the Paediatric Radiology Department at the  \' Mitera \'  Children \' s Hospital in Athens, Greece.
Advancing challenges in Paediatric Virology: An interview with Professor Barbara A. Rath, Co-founder and Chair of the Vienna Vaccine Safety Initiative.
Paediatric Virology and respiratory syncytial virus: An interview with Honorary Senior Lecturer in Paediatric Infectious Diseases Dr Simon B. Drysdale (St. George \' s, University of London, UK).
Clinical Virology research and medical education in Greece: An interview with Demetrios A. Spandidos, Professor of Clinical Virology at the University of Crete in Greece.
The wisdom and eudaimonia of Paediatrics: An interview with Professor George P. Chrousos, Professor of Paediatrics and Endocrinology at the University of Athens, Greece.
Quantification of Hepatitis B Surface Antigen: Is there a Role in HIV-Hepatitis B Virus Coinfection?
Evaluating the potential impact of targeted vaccination strategies against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) outbreaks in the healthcare setting.
Morphometric analysis of atypical glandular cells correctly classifies normal, reactive, and atypical cells in cervical smears.
Parental Education May Differentially Impact Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease Phenotype Risk.
Inferring host roles in bayesian phylodynamics of global avian influenza A virus H9N2.
Antitumor and antiviral activities of 4-substituted 1,2,3-triazolyl-2,3-dibenzyl-L-ascorbic acid derivatives.
Association of NFkappaB and related-cytokines with the viral load and development of antibodies against HHV-8 in people living with HIV/AIDS.
Environmental Surveillance Can Dynamically Track Ecological Changes in Enteroviruses.
Amplification of speckle-microscope signal by using gold nanoparticle stable of contents.
Cas9 Cleavage of Viral Genomes Primes the Acquisition of New Immunological Memories.
Combination of three virus-derived nanoparticles as a vaccine against enteric pathogens; enterovirus, norovirus and rotavirus.
Prevalence of enteric pathogens in diarrheic and non-diarrheic samples from pig farms with neonatal diarrhea in the North East of Spain.
Indirect assessment of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus status in pigs prior to weaning by sampling sows and the environment.
Characterization of amino acid substitutions in feline coronavirus 3C-like protease from a cat with feline infectious peritonitis treated with a protease inhibitor.
Species diversity of fecal microbial flora in Canis lupus familiaris infected with canine parvovirus.
Presence and survival of African swine fever virus in leeches.
H5N8 avian influenza virus acquires enhanced pathogenicity after a single passage in chicken.
Deletion of the thymidine kinase gene attenuates Caprine alphaherpesvirus 1 in goats.
Effect of porcine circovirus type 2 on the severity of lung and brain damage in piglets infected with porcine pseudorabies virus.
Integrin alphavbeta3 enhances replication of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus on Vero E6 and porcine intestinal epithelial cells.
Isolation and characterization of an Aves polyomavirus 1 from diseased budgerigars in China.
A high frequency of Gallid herpesvirus-2 co-infection with Reticuloendotheliosis virusis associated with high tumor rates in Chinese chicken farms.
Potential vectors of bluetongue virus in high altitude areas of Yunnan Province, China.
The initial stage of structural transformation of Abeta42 peptides from the human and mole rat in the presence of Fe2+ and Fe3+: Related to Alzheimer \' s disease.
Induction of PGRN by influenza virus inhibits the antiviral immune responses through downregulation of type I interferons signaling.
Alterations in cellular expression in EBV infected epithelial cell lines and tumors.
Stable integrant-specific differences in bimodal HIV-1 expression patterns revealed by high-throughput analysis.
A systematic review and evaluation of Zika virus forecasting and prediction research during a public health emergency of international concern.
Endemic Disease Control Agents \'  perception on the fight against Aedes aegypti and the prevention of arbovirus infections in Brazil.
Revisiting seed transmission of the type strain of Tomato yellow leaf curl virus in tomato plants.
Structure and function of the Toscana virus cap-snatching endonuclease.
Significance of Increased Rapid Treatment from HIV Diagnosis to the First Antiretroviral Therapy in the Recent 20 Years and Its Implications: the Korea HIV/AIDS Cohort Study.
Risk factors for lymphopenia in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis treated with dimethyl fumarate.
MHC Class I Molecules Exacerbate Viral Infection by Disrupting Type I Interferon Signaling.
The Importance of Histopathological Examination to the Final Diagnosis of Peripheral Odontogenic Tumors: A Case Report of a Peripheral Odontoma.
The Prevalence of HPV Genotypes in Iranian Population: An Update.
Dynamics and genomic landscape of CD8+ T cells undergoing hepatic priming.
Transcriptome Sequencing of Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells from Elite Controller-Long Term Non Progressors.
Personalized viral genomic investigation of herpes simplex virus 1 perinatal viremic transmission with dual fatality.
Is Dengvaxia a useful vaccine for dengue endemic areas?
TIM-1 As a Signal Receptor Triggers Dengue Virus-Induced Autophagy.
Influenza virus polymerase subunits co-evolve to ensure proper levels of dimerization of the heterotrimer.
Appropriate amount of W protein of avian avulavirus 1 benefits viral replication and W shows strain-dependent subcellular localization.
Attenuation of a virulent swine acute diarrhea syndrome coronavirus strain via cell culture passage.
Hepatitis C core antigen: diagnosis and monitoring of patients infected with Hepatitis C virus.
Vaccines and immune protection of principal Mediterranean marine fish species.
Elite athletes on regular training show more pronounced induction of vaccine-specific T-cells and antibodies after tetravalent influenza vaccination than controls.
MTNR1B genetic polymorphisms as risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study in a single tertiary care center.
Epidemiological study of Lyme disease in Bulgaria.
[A 79-year-old patient with pancytopenia and Kaposi sarcoma].
Evaluation of Liver Failure in a Pediatric Transplant Recipient of a Liver Allograft with Inherited Chromosomally Integrated HHV-6B (iciHHV-6B).
Enhancing immunogenicity of novel multistage subunit vaccine of Mycobacterium tuberculosis using PLGA:DDA hybrid nanoparticles and MPLA: Subcutaneous administration.
Prevalence of antibiotic resistance and integrons, sul and Smqnr genes in clinical isolates of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia from a tertiary care hospital in Southwest Iran.
Blood and liver biopsy for the non-destructive screening of tilapia lake virus.
A Novel System to Discriminate HLA-C mir148a Binding Site by Allele-Specific Quantitative PC R.
Advanced oxidation processes applied for color removal of textile effluent using a home-made peroxidase from rice bran.
Role of anabolic agents in colorectal carcinogenesis: Myths and realities (Review).
Cold Atmospheric Plasma and Plasma-Activated Medium Trigger RONS-Based Tumor Cell Apoptosis.
Principles for enhancing virus capsid capacity and stability from a thermophilic virus capsid structure.
Filamentation initiated by Cas2 and its association with the acquisition process in cells.
HIV-2 depletes CD4 T cells through pyroptosis despite Vpx-dependent degradation of SAMHD1.
Identification and Classification of Hubs in microRNA Target Gene Networks in Human Neural Stem/Progenitor Cells following Japanese Encephalitis Virus Infection.
Whatever happened to China \' s neglected tropical diseases?
Changes in the epidemiology of hepatitis A in three socio-economic regions of China, 1990-2017.
Sylvatic cycles of arboviruses in non-human primates.
Stoichiometric Analyses of Soluble CD4 to Native-like HIV-1 Envelope by Single-Molecule Fluorescence Spectroscopy.
The risk of herpes zoster virus infection in patients with depression: A longitudinal follow-up study using a national sample cohort.
Molecular epidemiology and clinical characteristics of norovirus gastroenteritis with seizures in children in Taiwan, 2006-2015.
Exploratory spatial analysis of HBV cases in Brazil between 2005 and 2017.
Molecular survey of flaviviruses and orthobunyaviruses in Amblyomma spp. ticks collected in Minas Gerais, Brazil.
Serum regucalcin is a useful indicator of liver injury severity in patients with hepatitis B virus-related liver diseases.
Recognition of the novel HLA-A*11:01:01:25 allele in the tribal population of Nagaland, North-East India.
Proteome analysis of reticuloendotheliosis-virus-infected chicken embryo fibroblast cells through iTRAQ-based quantitative proteomics.
Circulation of multiple subtypes (A, G and CRFs 02_AG) of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) in selected districts of Punjab province, Pakistan.
Complete genomic sequence of Pseudomonas lactis bacteriophage HU1 isolated from raw cow \' s milk.
Diagnostic value of gamma-glutamyltransferase/aspartate aminotransferase ratio, protein induced by vitamin K absence or antagonist II, and alpha-fetoprotein in hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Publisher Correction: A neural circuit for comorbid depressive symptoms in chronic pain.
Soluble immune markers in the different phases of chronic hepatitis B virus infection.
Pathogens of Dikerogammarus haemobaphes regulate host activity and survival, but also threaten native amphipod populations in the UK.
Pathogens and other symbionts of the Amphipoda: taxonomic diversity and pathological significance.
Case 3: Unexpected Diagnosis in a Febrile Infant.
Epigenetic Suppression of Interferon Lambda Receptor Expression Leads to Enhanced Human Norovirus Replication In Vitro.
Influenza Virus Polymerase Mutation Stabilizes a Foreign Gene Inserted into the Virus Genome by Enhancing the Transcription/Replication Efficiency of the Modified Segment.
Conserved Central Intraviral Protein Interactome of the Herpesviridae Family.
Performance and trend for quality of service in a large HIV/AIDS treatment program in Nigeria.
STAT3 Regulates the Type I IFN-Mediated Antiviral Response by Interfering with the Nuclear Entry of STAT1.
A case report of glecaprevir/pibrentasvir-induced severe hyperbilirubinemia in a patient with compensated liver cirrhosis.
The prevalence and genotype distribution of human papillomaviruses among women in Taizhou, China.
Post-hysterectomy rare collision vulva tumor with long-term human papilloma virus infection composed of squamous cell carcinoma of the labia major and adenosquamous carcinoma of bartholin gland: A case report.
The HLA-B*13:01:01:03 allele characterized in four individuals from the tribal population of Nagaland, North-East India.
LncRNA H19/microRNA-675/PPARalpha axis regulates liver cell injury and energy metabolism remodelling induced by hepatitis B X protein via Akt/mTOR signalling.
Tenofovir is Associated With Lower Risk of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Than Entecavir in Patients With Chronic HBV Infection in China.
Lek-associated movement of a putative Ebolavirus reservoir, the hammer-headed fruit bat (Hypsignathus monstrosus), in northern Republic of Congo.
Combinatorial mutagenesis of rapidly evolving residues yields super-restrictor antiviral proteins.
Pyogranulomatous pleuropneumonia caused by Nocardia asiatica in a dog coinfected with canine morbillivirus (canine distemper virus).
Isolation and molecular characterization of tick-borne relapsing fever Borrelia infecting Ornithodoros (Pavlovskyella) verrucosus ticks collected in Ukraine.
Spatial and temporal physiognomies of whitefly and tomato yellow leaf curl virus epidemics in southwestern Florida tomato fields.
Field vole-associated Traemmersee hantavirus from Germany represents a novel hantavirus species.
Bead-Based Multiplex Assay for the Simultaneous Detection of Antibodies to African Swine Fever Virus and Classical Swine Fever Virus.
The role of philosophy in medical practice.
Toll-Like Receptor 7 Activation Enhances CD8+ T Cell Effector Functions by Promoting Cellular Glycolysis.
Lovastatin Inhibits HIV-1-Induced MHC-I Downregulation by Targeting Nef-AP-1 Complex Formation: A New Strategy to Boost Immune Eradication of HIV-1 Infected Cells.
UBE2T promotes proliferation via G2/M checkpoint in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Nanovaccine Confers Dual Protection Against Influenza A Virus And Porcine Circovirus Type 2.
Vesicular disease in pigs inoculated with a recent Canadian isolate of Senecavirus A.
Molecular &amp; serological study of dengue virus-infected patients attending a tertiary hospital of Dhaka city, Bangladesh (2013 to 2016).
Enterovirus D68-associated respiratory and neurological illness in Spain, 2014-2018.
Field Performance of Two Methods for Detection of Poliovirus in Wastewater Samples, Mexico 2016-2017.
Genetic diversity of human adenovirus and human astrovirus in children with acute gastroenteritis in Northwest Ethiopia.
Intranasal immunization with coxsackievirus A16 virus-like particles confers protection against lethal infection in neonatal mice.
Early transcriptional responses to soybean cyst nematode HG Type 0 show genetic differences among resistant and susceptible soybeans.
An antibody against the F glycoprotein inhibits Nipah and Hendra virus infections.
Cannabinoid receptor 1 knockout alleviates hepatic steatosis by downregulating perilipin 2.
High levels of AAV vector integration into CRISPR-induced DNA breaks.
Spontaneous Bacterial Peritonitis in Cardiac Ascites: A Rare but Deadly Occurrence.
Quantitative proteomics of Uukuniemi virus - host cell interactions reveals GBF1 as proviral host factor for phleboviruses.
Decreased H3K27me3 Expression Is Associated With Merkel Cell Polyomavirus-negative Merkel Cell Carcinoma, Especially Combined With Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
Hepatitis C Virus Replication.
Spontaneous splenic rupture in a patient with infectious mononucleosis.
Primary cytomegalovirus infection with invasive disease in a patient with inflammatory bowel disease.
A 1-week intradermal dose-sparing regimen for rabies post-exposure prophylaxis (RESIST-2): an observational cohort study.
Expression of microRNA in human retinal pigment epithelial cells following infection with Zaire ebolavirus.
Notch - a possible mediator between Epstein-Barr virus infection and bone resorption in apical periodontitis.
Calcium Phosphate Nanoparticle-Based Vaccines as a Platform for Improvement of HIV-1 Env Antibody Responses by Intrastructural Help.
Establishing Preferred Product Characterization for the Evaluation of RNA Vaccine Antigens.
A New High-Throughput Tool to Screen Mosquito-Borne Viruses in Zika Virus Endemic/Epidemic Areas.
Remodeling of the Actin Network Associated with the Non-Structural Protein 1 (NS1) of West Nile Virus and Formation of NS1-Containing Tunneling Nanotubes.
Unraveling the Molecular Mechanism of Traditional Chinese Medicine: Formulas Against Acute Airway Viral Infections as Examples.
Extracellular miRNAs as Biomarkers of Head and Neck Cancer Progression and Metastasis.
Genome-Wide CpG Island Methylation Profiles of Cutaneous Skin with and without HPV Infection.
Human Cytomegalovirus Upregulates Expression of HCLS1 Resulting in Increased Cell Motility and Transendothelial Migration during Latency.
Cancer susceptibility of beta HPV49 E6 and E7 transgenic mice to 4-nitroquinoline 1-oxide treatment correlates with mutational signatures of tobacco exposure.
A cornucopia of Shigella phages from the Cornhusker State.
Spontaneous lymphoblastoid cell lines from patients with Epstein-Barr virus infection show highly variable proliferation characteristics that correlate with the expression levels of viral microRNAs.
Vaccine protection against rectal acquisition of SIVmac239 in rhesus macaques.
Immunization with a murine cytomegalovirus based vector encoding retrovirus envelope confers strong protection from Friend retrovirus challenge infection.
Targeted in-vitro-stimulation reveals highly proliferative multi-virus-specific human central memory T cells as candidates for prophylactic T cell therapy.
Drivers of HIV-1 transmission: The Portuguese case.
Identification of Norovirus and Human Parechovirus in Patients With Hand, Foot and Mouth Disease Syndrome.
The influence of interleukin 28B polymorphisms on the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma among patients with HBV or HCV infection: An updated meta-analysis.
BK polyomavirus-specific antibody and T-cell responses in kidney transplantation: update.
Ocular manifestations of herpes simplex virus.
From Viruses to Genes to Cells.
Ebola Virus: Pathogenesis and Countermeasure Development.
Cancers in Humans: A Lifelong Search for Contributions of Infectious Agents, Autobiographic Notes.
Effects of a Potato Spindle Tuber Viroid Tomato Strain on the Symptoms, Biomass, and Yields of Classical Indicator and Currently Grown Potato and Tomato Cultivars.
Papaya Ringspot Virus Isolates From Papaya in Bangladesh: Detection, Characterization, and Distribution.
Pathogenic role of exosomes and microRNAs in HPV-mediated inflammation and cervical cancer: A review.
Purification of High Yield Extracellular Vesicle Preparations Away from Virus.
Tailored combined cytomegalovirus management in lung transplantation: a retrospective analysis.
[Type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance and hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic hepatitis C patients. Data from Northeastern Hungary].
[Evaluation of the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of central nervous system infections in adults in the West Pannonian region].
The difference of detection rate of avian influenza virus in the wild bird surveillance using various methods.
Regulation of porcine endogenous retrovirus by dual LTR1+2 (Long Terminal Region) miRNA in primary porcine kidney cells.
Identification of key genes and pathways associated with different immune statuses of hepatitis B virus infection.
Characterization of the developmental landscape of murine RORgammat+ iNKT cells.
Genetic associations of vitamin D receptor polymorphisms with advanced liver fibrosis and response to pegylated interferon-based therapy in chronic hepatitis C.
Cluster containment strategy: addressing Zika virus outbreak in Rajasthan, India.
[Cryoglobulin and factors associated with it in patient with anti-hepatitis-C antibodies living in resource-limited countries].
Predictors of Major Bleeding and Mortality in Dengue Infection: A Retrospective Observational Study in a Tertiary Care Centre in South India.
Chilli leaf curl virus infection downregulates the expression of the genes encoding chloroplast proteins and stress-related proteins.
Searching for the source of Ebola: the elusive factors driving its spillover into humans during the West African outbreak of 2013-2016.
[Varicella-zoster virus-associated polyradiculoneuritis with concomitant herpes zoster eruption: a case report].
Molecular characteristics of novel mono-reassortant G9P[8] rotavirus A strains possessing the NSP4 gene of the E2 genotype detected in Tokyo, Japan.
A study regarding bovine enterovirus type 1 infection in domestic animals and humans: an evaluation from the zoonotic aspect.
Antigenicity and immunogenicity of HIV-1 gp140 with different combinations of glycan mutation and V1/V2 region or V3 crown deletion.
Highly divergent cattle hepacivirus N in Southern Brazil.
Automation and standardisation of clinical molecular testing using PCR.Ai - A comparative performance study.
Antiviral effects of simeprevir on multiple viruses.
Challenges to elucidating how endornaviruses influence fungal hosts: creating mycovirus-free isogenic fungal lines and testing them.
Diagnostic Accuracy of Two DNA-based Molecular Assays for Detection of Porcine Circovirus 3 in Swine Population using Bayesian Latent Class Analysis.
Human encephalitis complicated with bilateral Acute retinal necrosis associated with Pseudorabies Virus infection: a case report.
First report on the prevalence and genetic relatedness of Feline Foamy Virus (FFV) from Turkish domestic cats.
Comparison of chemical extraction methods for determination of 146S content in foot-and-mouth disease oil adjuvanted vaccine.
Understanding the Role of Pro-resolving Lipid Mediators in Infectious Keratitis.
En masse discovery of anti-cancer human monoclonal antibodies by de novo assembly of immunoglobulin sequences from transcriptomes and genome sequences of cancer tissues.
Zika virus enhances monocyte adhesion and transmigration favoring viral dissemination to neural cells.
Structural puzzles in virology solved with an overarching icosahedral design principle.
Soybean antiviral immunity conferred by dsRNase targets the viral replication complex.
A Phage Protein Aids Bacterial Symbionts in Eukaryote Immune Evasion.
Reply to "A comment on  \' Current status of hepatitis E virus infection at a rhesus monkey farm in China \' ".
Henipavirus-like particles induce a CD8 T cell response in C57BL/6 mice.
JCPyV-Induced MAPK Signaling Activates Transcription Factors during Infection.
Use of Modified Clostridium perfringens Enterotoxin Fragments for Claudin Targeting in Liver and Skin Cells.
Cytotoxic T lymphocyte epitopes identified from a contemporary strain of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus enhance CD4+CD8+ T, CD8+ T, and gammadelta T cell responses.
Development of a novel screening platform for the identification of small molecule inhibitors of human adenovirus.
Tick-borne encephalitis virus inhibits rRNA synthesis and host protein production in human cells of neural origin.
Spatiotemporal Spread of Cacao Swollen Shoot Virus Severe Strain 1A in Mixed Hybrid Cacao Pre-inoculated With Mild Strain N1.
Incidence of Mite-Vectored Viruses of Wheat in the Texas High Plains and Interactions With Their Host and Vector.
Development of an indirect ELISA based on glycoprotein B gene for detecting of Feline herpesvirus type 1.
CCR6-Positive gammadelta T Cells Provide Protection Against Intracorneal HSV-1 Infection.
Genotypic Methods for HIV Drug Resistance Monitoring: the Opportunities and Challenges Faced by China.
High tissue MMP14 expression predicts worse survival in gastric cancer, particularly with a low PROX1.
Involvement of Egyptian Foods in Foodborne Viral Illnesses: The Burden on Public Health and Related Environmental Risk Factors: An Overview.
An extra insertion of tandem repeat sequence in African swine fever virus, China, 2019.
Viral Kinetics and Resistance Development in Children Treated with Neuraminidase Inhibitors: The Influenza Resistance Information Study (IRIS).
A Single Amino Acid Substitution in the Intervening Region of 129K protein of Cucumber Green Mottle Mosaic Virus Resulted in Attenuated Symptoms.
Selected arboviral diseases imported to Poland - current state of knowledge and perspectives for research.
John Enders-Pioneer Virologist.
BK virus associated nephropathy and severe pneumonia in a kidney transplanted adolescent with Schimke immuneosseous- dysplasia.
The complete genome sequence of a novel cytorhabdovirus identified in strawberry (Fragaria ananassa Duch.).
Potato virus Y; the Andean connection.
Design and synthesis of heteroaromatic-based benzenesulfonamide derivatives as potent inhibitors of H5N1 influenza A virus.
Liver stiffness and serum markers for excluding high-risk varices in patients who do not meet Baveno VI criteria.
Significance of tumor-infiltrating immunocytes for predicting prognosis of hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Dynamics of Singlet Oxygen-Triggered, RONS-Based Apoptosis Induction after Treatment of Tumor Cells with Cold Atmospheric Plasma or Plasma-Activated Medium.
Fibrosis Index Based on 4 Factors (FIB-4) Predicts Liver Cirrhosis and Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Chronic Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Patients.
T Cell Receptor Stimulation Enhances the Expansion and Function of CD19 Chimeric Antigen Receptor-Expressing T Cells.
You \' re the Flight Surgeon.
Assessing biases in phylodynamic inferences in the presence of super-spreaders.
Anti-Hepatitis B Virus Activity of Esculetin from Microsorium fortunei In Vitro and In Vivo.
The Canine Morbillivirus Strain Associated with An Epizootic in Caspian Seals Provides New Insights into the Evolutionary History of this Virus.
Evidence of the Presence of Low Pathogenic Avian Influenza A Viruses in Wild Waterfowl in 2018 in South Africa.
Predictive Values of Serum Chlamydia trachomatis TroA and HtrA IgG Antibodies as Markers of Persistent Infection in the Detection of Pelvic Adhesions and Tubal Occlusion.
One-step pentaplex real-time polymerase chain reaction assay for detection of zika, dengue, chikungunya, West nile viruses and a human housekeeping gene.
Structural isomers of cinnamic hydroxamic acids block HCV replication via different mechanisms.
Synthesis and in-vitro anti-HIV-1 evaluation of novel pyrazolo[4,3-c]pyridin-4-one derivatives.
Microglia, autonomic nervous system, immunity and hypertension: Is there a link?
Long-term surviving influenza infected cells evade CD8+ T cell mediated clearance.
Persistent Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus infection in the testes and within granulomas of non-human primates with latent tuberculosis.
An overview of the quality assurance programme for HIV rapid testing in South Africa: Outcome of a 2-year phased implementation of quality assurance program.
Healthcare demand in response to rabies elimination campaigns in Latin America.
The emerged genotype I of Japanese encephalitis virus shows an infectivity similar to genotype III in Culex pipiens mosquitoes from China.
Globe-Trotting Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus: Risk Factors for Arbovirus Pandemics.
ATP1B3 Cooperates with BST-2 to Promote Hepatitis B Virus Restriction.
Enteropathogenetic nosocomial infections: predisposing clinical characteristics and risk of recurrent infections.
Multi-walled carbon nanotubes activate and shift polarization of pulmonary macrophages and dendritic cells in an in vivo model of chronic obstructive lung disease.
First characterization of a canine parvovirus causing fatal disease in coatis (Nasua nasua).
Characterization and whole genome analysis of a novel bacteriophage SH-Ab 15497 against multidrug resistant Acinetobacater baummanii.
Antiviral Properties of R. tanguticum Nanoparticles on Herpes Simplex Virus Type I In Vitro and In Vivo.
FHL1 is a major host factor for chikungunya virus infection.
Development of a qPCR platform for quantification of the five bacteriophages within bacteriophage cocktail 2 (BFC2).
Low expression of RNA sensors impacts Zika virus infection in the lower female reproductive tract.
Dissecting the role of DDX21 in regulating HCMV replication.
Broad cross-species infection of cultured cells by the bat HKU2-related swine acute diarrhea syndrome coronavirus (SADS-CoV) and identification of its replication in murine dendritic cells in vivo highlight its potential for diverse interspecies transmission.
A new family of small-molecule CD4-mimetic compounds contact the highly conserved aspartic acid 368 of HIV-1 gp120 and mediates ADCC.
HSV-1 replication, ocular disease and reactivations from latency are restricted unilaterally after inoculation of virus into the lip.
Metagenomic Next-Generation Sequencing for the Identification and Quantitation of Transplant-Related DNA Viruses.
Fatal PCR-negative herpes simplex virus-1 encephalitis with GABAA receptor antibodies.
Thrombocytopenia according to antiretroviral drug combinations, viremia and CD4 lymphocytes among HIV-infected patients in Cameroon: a snapshot from the City of Yaounde.
Proportion of the CD19-Positive and CD19-Negative Lymphocytes and Monocytes within the Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cell Set is Characteristic for Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Food Additives as Novel Influenza Vaccine Adjuvants.
Current Rabies Vaccines Do Not Confer Protective Immunity against Divergent Lyssaviruses Circulating in Europe.
Eosinophilic Enteritis Presenting as Massive Ascites after Influenza A Virus Infection in a Young Female.
Mapping Brain-Wide Afferent Inputs of Parvalbumin-Expressing GABAergic Neurons in Barrel Cortex Reveals Local and Long-Range Circuit Motifs.
Identification of FUBP1 as a Long Tail Cancer Driver and Widespread Regulator of Tumor Suppressor and Oncogene Alternative Splicing.
HIV-1 Envelope Overcomes NLRP3-Mediated Inhibition of F-Actin Polymerization for Viral Entry.
Molecular characterization of measles virus strains circulating in Cameroon during the 2013-2016 epidemics.
Development of peptide biosensor for the detection of dengue fever biomarker, nonstructural 1.
Hepatitis E virus genotype 3 is associated with gallstone-related disease.
Rotavirus G9P[4], G9P[6] and G1P[6] strains isolated from children with acute gastroenteritis in Pune, western India, 2013-2015: evidence for recombination in genes encoding VP3, VP4 and NSP1.
Ceftobiprole: drug evaluation and place in therapy.
Epidemiology of rotavirus gastroenteritis and need of high rotavirus vaccine coverage with early completion of vaccination schedule for protection against rotavirus diarrhea in India: A narrative review.
BZLF1 transcript variants in Epstein-Barr virus-positive epithelial cell lines.
Cholesterol 25-hydroxylase suppresses rabies virus infection by inhibiting viral entry.
Mutational landscape and intra-host diversity of human papillomavirus type 16 long control region and E6 variants in cervical samples.
Quantitative comparative analysis of human erythrocyte surface proteins between individuals from two genetically distinct populations.
An Analysis of Rabies Incidence and Its Geographic Spread in the Buffer Area Among Orally Vaccinated Wildlife in Ukraine From 2012 to 2016.
Hepatitis C virus genotype analysis in patients with chronic hepatitis in North Eastern Bulgaria.
Soluble Recombinant Hemagglutinin Protein of H1N1pdm09 Influenza Virus Elicits Cross-Protection Against a Lethal H5N1 Challenge in Mice.
Zika Virus-Mediated Death of Hippocampal Neurons Is Independent From Maturation State.
Profiles of 14-3-3 and Total Tau in CSF Samples of Chinese Patients of Different Genetic Prion Diseases.
Evaluating the population impact of hepatitis C direct acting antiviral treatment as prevention for people who inject drugs (EPIToPe) - a natural experiment (protocol).
Low partner testing in high HIV prevalence setting in Freetown, Sierra Leone: a retrospective study.
Detection of pandemic influenza A/H1N1/pdm09 virus among pigs but not in humans in slaughterhouses in Kenya, 2013-2014.
Correlation between interleukin-28 gene polymorphism with interleukin-28 cytokine levels and viral genotypes among HCV patients in Yazd, Iran.
Spatial and seasonal patterns of FMD primary outbreaks in cattle in Zimbabwe between 1931 and 2016.
Detection and molecular characterization of urinary tract HIV-1 populations.
Individual and neighborhood predictors of retention in care and viral suppression among Florida youth (aged 13-24) living with HIV in 2015.
Safety and efficacy of human papillomavirus vaccination for people living with HIV: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Electrochemical-based biosensors for detection of Mycobacterium tuberculosis and tuberculosis biomarkers.
[Prognostic value of combined preoperative fibrinogen and platelet-lymphocyte ratio in patients with early recurrent hepatocellular carcinoma].
Genomic characterization of human adenovirus type 4 strains isolated worldwide since 1953 identifies two separable phylogroups evolving at different rates from their most recent common ancestor.
Replication of HIV-1 envelope protein cytoplasmic domain variants in permissive and restrictive cells.
Multiple brain biopsies for EBV-positive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma with extensive necrosis in a post-transplant patient: A case report.
The rise or fall of Neglected Tropical Diseases in East Asia Pacific.
A method to probe protein structure from UV absorbance spectra.
Prevalence of Epstein-Barr virus, human papillomavirus, cytomegalovirus and herpes simplex virus type 1 in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 in south-eastern Poland.
Comorbid diabetes results in immune dysregulation and enhanced disease severity following MERS-CoV infection.
Comparative pathogenesis of Ebola virus and Reston virus infection in humanized mice.
Obligate intracellular bacteria diversity in unfed Leptotrombidium scutellare larvae highlights novel bacterial endosymbionts of mites.
On the Fly: Interactions Between Birds, Mosquitoes, and Environment That Have Molded West Nile Virus Genomic Structure Over Two Decades.
Detection and first molecular characterisation of three picornaviruses from diarrhoeic calves in Turkey.
The use of inflammatory markers as a diagnostic and prognostic approach in neonatal calves with septicaemia.
Recombinase polymerase amplification-nucleic acid lateral flow immunoassays for Newcastle disease virus and infectious bronchitis virus detection.
Analysis of a novel RNA virus in a wild northern white-breasted hedgehog (Erinaceus roumanicus).
Hepatitis E virus in Tibetan pigs on the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau: detection, molecular characterization and infection of BALB/c mice.
Validation of a real-time PCR assay for detection of swinepox virus.
Airborne Transmission of Influenza Virus in a Hospital of Qinhuangdao During 2017-2018 Flu Season.
Identification of a distinct lineage of aviadenovirus from crane feces.
A viral kinase counteracts in vivo restriction of murine cytomegalovirus by SAMHD1.
Human cytomegalovirus overcomes SAMHD1 restriction in macrophages via pUL97.
Circulation of low pathogenic avian influenza (LPAI) viruses in wild birds and poultry in the Netherlands, 2006-2016.
In Vivo Function of the Lipid Raft Protein Flotillin-1 during CD8+ T Cell-Mediated Host Surveillance.
Characterization of human norovirus binding to gut-associated bacterial ligands.
Aseptic meningitis caused by torque teno virus in an infant: a case report.
The clinical profile, hematological parameters and liver transaminases of dengue NS1 Ag positive patients admitted to Jaffna Teaching Hospital, Sri Lanka.
Characterization of SCCmec, spa types and Multi Drug Resistant of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates among inpatients and outpatients in a referral hospital in Shiraz, Iran.
Acoustic Nanomotors for Detection of Human Papillomavirus-Associated Head and Neck Cancer.
Hepatitis B Virus Genotypes in the Kingdom of Bahrain: Prevalence, Gender Distribution and Impact on Hepatic Biomarkers.
Vdelta2 T-Cells Kill ZIKV-Infected Cells by NKG2D-Mediated Cytotoxicity.
An Attenuated Zika Virus Encoding Non-Glycosylated Envelope (E) and Non-Structural Protein 1 (NS1) Confers Complete Protection against Lethal Challenge in a Mouse Model.
Chikungunya Virus Transmission at Low Temperature by Aedes albopictus Mosquitoes.
NK Cell Hyporesponsiveness: More Is Not Always Better.
Endogenous n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Are Beneficial to Dampen CD8+ T Cell-Mediated Inflammatory Response upon the Viral Infection in Mice.
Enlisting the mRNA Vaccine Platform to Combat Parasitic Infections.
Does Colchicine Substitute Corticosteroids in Treatment of Idiopathic and Viral Pediatric Pericarditis?
Effect of Hepatitis Viruses on the Nrf2/Keap1-Signaling Pathway and Its Impact on Viral Replication and Pathogenesis.
Viral Vectors for the Induction of Broadly Neutralizing Antibodies against HIV.
Chasing Intracellular Zika Virus Using Proteomics.
The 40 kDa Linear Polyethylenimine Inhibits Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus Infection by Blocking Its Attachment to Permissive Cells.
Characterization of the Humoral Immune Response Induced after Infection with Atypical Porcine Pestivirus (APPV).
Hypericin-loaded graphene oxide protects ducks against a novel duck reovirus.
Functional characterization and proteomic analysis of porcine deltacoronavirus accessory protein NS7.
Flock house virus RNA1 with a long heterologous sequence at the 3 \' -end can replicate in mammalian cells and mediate reporter gene expression.
GloPID-R report on chikungunya, o \' nyong-nyong and Mayaro virus, part 2: Epidemiological distribution of o \' nyong-nyong virus.
GloPID-R report on chikungunya, o \' nyong-nyong and Mayaro virus, part 3: Epidemiological distribution of Mayaro virus.
Detecting space-time clusters of dengue fever in Panama after adjusting for vector surveillance data.
Intrinsic and extrinsic drivers of transmission dynamics of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome caused by Seoul hantavirus.
Dengue illness impacts daily human mobility patterns in Iquitos, Peru.
Impact evaluation of Zika epidemic on congenital anomalies registration in Brazil: An interrupted time series analysis.
Human papillomavirus infection among head and neck squamous cell carcinomas in southern China.
Quantifying model evidence for yellow fever transmission routes in Africa.
Evaluation of the possible involvement of Ad-36-induced adipogenesis and coronary artery disease development in mediastinal adipose tissue samples.
Cognitive impairment and cardiovascular disease related to alexithymia in a well-controlled HIV-infected population.
Trends in the antibiotic resistance of S. aureus clinical isolates: a 4 years retrospective study in a teaching hospital in South Italy.
Density dependence and persistence of Morogoro arenavirus transmission in a fluctuating population of its reservoir host.
A novel deep learning architecture outperforming  \' off-the-shelf \'  transfer learning and feature-based methods in the automated assessment of mammographic breast density.
Antiviral effects of selected IMPDH and DHODH inhibitors against foot and mouth disease virus.
Assessment of a new arbidol derivative against herpes simplex virus II in human cervical epithelial cells and in BALB/c mice.
First Detection and Characterization of Macrolide-Resistant Mycoplasma pneumoniae from People with Community-Acquired Pneumonia in Iran.
Thladiantha Dubia Mosaic Virus: A Novel Potyvirus Infecting Manchurian Tubergourd (Thladiantha dubia) in Northeast China.
Neonatal Priming and Infancy Boosting with a Novel Respiratory Syncytial Virus Vaccine Induces Protective Immune Responses without Concomitant Respiratory Disease upon RSV Challenge.
A Rabbit Monoclonal Antibody against the Antiviral and Cancer Genomic DNA Mutating Enzyme APOBEC3B.
Cross-Reactive and Lineage-Specific Single Domain Antibodies against Influenza B Hemagglutinin.
Proteins mimicking epitope of HIV-1 virus neutralizing antibody induce virus-neutralizing sera in mice.
Dynamic transcriptional profiles of Arabidopsis thaliana infected by Tomato spotted wilt virus.
When viruses play team sports: mixed infections in plants.
Transmission of begomoviruses and other whitefly-borne viruses: dependence on the vector species.
Humoral and mucosal immune responses in challenged chickens vaccinated with Infectious bursal disease vaccine using gums from Cedrela odorata and Khaya senegalensis as delivery agents.
STK38 kinase acts as XPO1 gatekeeper regulating the nuclear export of autophagy proteins and other cargoes.
Corrigendum: Caseload and Case Fatality of Lassa Fever in Nigeria, 2001-2018: A Specialist Center \' s Experience and Its Implications.
Intestinal antibody responses to a live oral poliovirus vaccine challenge among adults previously immunized with inactivated polio vaccine in Sweden.
Evolving complexities of infant HIV diagnosis within Prevention of Mother-to-Child Transmission programs.
Prevalence and Genotyping of Trichomonas vaginalis Infected to dsRNA Virus by PCR-Restriction Fragment Length Polymorphism (RFLP).
Mycobacterial Membrane Domain, or a Primordial Organelle?
Tenofovir is a more suitable treatment than entecavir for chronic hepatitis B patients carrying naturally occurring rtM204I mutations.
Identification of hepatitis B virus and liver cancer bridge molecules based on functional module network.
Viral uptake and stability in Crassostrea gigas oysters during depuration, storage and steaming.
Fatty Liver Disease Caused by High-Alcohol-Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Penile intraepithelial neoplasia developed on HPV-6 urethral condyloma.
Guillain-Barre syndrome in AIDS patient secondary to an acute and confirmed hepatitis C virus.
Human infections due to Schizophyllumcommune: Case report and review of the literature.
Adenovirus Respiratory Infection among Immunocompetent Patients in a Pediatric Intensive Care Unit During 10-year period: Co-morbidity is common.
Evaluation of Rapid, Molecular-Based Assays for the Detection of Respiratory Syncytial Virus.
Target prediction of candidate miRNAs from Oryza sativa for silencing the RYMV genome.
Prediction of ligands to universally conserved binding sites of the influenza a virus nuclear export protein.
Enteric viruses, somatic coliphages and Vibrio species in marine bathing and non-bathing waters in Italy.
Impact of ART on dynamics of growth factors and cytokines in primary HIV infection.
Coexistence of low levels of HBsAg and high levels of anti-HBs may increase risk of hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic hepatitis B patients with high HBV load.
Construction and characterization of Genotype-3 hepatitis C virus replicon revealed critical genotype-3-specific polymorphism for drug resistance and viral fitness.
MHC Class II Antigen Presentation by the Intestinal Epithelium Initiates Graft-versus-Host Disease and Is Influenced by the Microbiota.
Rickettsia buchneri, symbiont of the deer tick Ixodes scapularis, can colonise the salivary glands of its host.
Hepatitis B virus reactivation sustained by a hepatitis B virus surface antigen immune-escape mutant isolate in a patient who was hepatitis B core antibody positive during treatment with sofosbuvir and velpatasvir for hepatitis C virus infection: a case report.
Spatial distribution and risk factors for foot and mouth disease virus in Uganda: Opportunities for strategic surveillance.
Major capsid protein of Autographa californica multiple nucleopolyhedrovirus contributes to the promoter activity of the very late viral genes.
Characteristics and evolutionary history of hepatitis B virus quasi-subgenotype B3 in Southeast Asia.
Triaging women with human papillomavirus infection and normal cytology or low-grade dyskaryosis: evidence from 10-year follow up of the ARTISTIC trial cohort.
False-negative Results of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) Rapid Testing in HIV Controllers.
Dengue virus infection in people residing in Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prevalence studies.
Comparative analysis of the fecal microbiota from different species of domesticated and wild suids.
Emerging recombination of the C2 sub-genotype of HFMD-associated CV-A4 is persistently and extensively circulating in China.
Profiling of the antibody response to attenuated LC16m8 smallpox vaccine using protein array analysis.
A Novel CXCR4 Targeting Protein SDF-1/54 as an HIV-1 Entry Inhibitor.
African Swine Fever: Disease Dynamics in Wild Boar Experimentally Infected with ASFV Isolates Belonging to Genotype I and II.
Endoglin Protein Interactome Profiling Identifies TRIM21 and Galectin-3 as New Binding Partners.
Dendritic Cells (DCs) as "Fire Accelerants" of Hantaviral Pathogenesis.
Design and Development of Photonic Biosensors for Swine Viral Diseases Detection.
Liraglutide Inhibits Hepatitis C Virus Replication Through an AMP Activated Protein Kinase Dependent Mechanism.
Highly Divergent Genetic Variants of Soricid-Borne Altai Virus (Hantaviridae) in Eurasia Suggest Ancient Host-Switching Events.
HoBi-like pestivirus infection in an outbreak of bovine respiratory disease.
Role of TGF-beta-activated kinase 1 (TAK1) activation in H5N1 influenza A virus-induced c-Jun terminal kinase activation and virus replication.
PARP-1 mediated cell death is directly activated by ZIKV infection.
Seneca valley virus activates autophagy through the PERK and ATF6 UPR pathways.
Human cytomegalovirus pTRS1 stimulates cap-independent translation.
Extensive genomic recoding by codon-pair deoptimization selective for mammals is a flexible tool to generate attenuated vaccine candidates for dengue virus 2.
Generating and evaluating type I interferon receptor-deficient and feline TMPRSS2-expressing cells for propagating serotype I feline infectious peritonitis virus.
Experimental H1N1pdm09 infection in pigs mimics human seasonal influenza infections.
Avian oncogenic herpesvirus antagonizes the cGAS-STING DNA-sensing pathway to mediate immune evasion.
High specificity and sensitivity of Zika EDIII-based ELISA diagnosis highlighted by a large human reference panel.
Safety and pharmacokinetics of dolutegravir in pregnant mothers with HIV infection and their neonates: A randomised trial (DolPHIN-1 study).
Practical approach to method verification in plasma and validation in cerebrospinal fluid under accreditation using a flexible scope in molecular virology: setting up the HIV, HBV and HCV Aptima  Quant Dx assays.
Nanomechanical detection of Escherichia coli infection by bacteriophage T7 using cantilever sensors.
Antifungal Activity of Selected Natural Preservatives against Aspergillus westerdijkiae and Penicillium verrucosum and the Interactions of These Preservatives with Food Components.
Isolation and characterization of spontaneously immortalized B-lymphocyte lines from HIV-infected patients with and without non-Hodgkin \' s Lymphoma.
Organ-specific small non-coding RNA responses in domestic (Sudani) ducks experimentally infected with highly pathogenic avian influenza virus (H5N1).
Experimental lumpy skin disease virus infection of cattle: comparison of a field strain and a vaccine strain.
Identification and complete-genome phylogenetic analysis of an epizootic hemorrhagic disease virus serotype 7 strain isolated in China.
Bias in the estimation of cumulative viremia in cohort studies of HIV-infected individuals.
Effect of ammonia stress on immune variables of Pacific white shrimp Penaeus vannamei under varying levels of pH and susceptibility to white spot syndrome virus.
Pharmacoinformatics-based identification of potential bioactive compounds against Ebola virus protein VP24.
Mind the gap: micro-expansion joints drastically decrease the bending of FIB-milled cryo-lamellae.
Comprehensive codon usage analysis of Porcine Deltacoronavirus.
A robust human norovirus replication model in zebrafish larvae.
Effects of salbutamol and phlorizin on acute pulmonary inflammation and disease severity in experimental sepsis.
PBMCs transcriptome profiles identified breed-specific transcriptome signatures for PRRSV vaccination in German Landrace and Pietrain pigs.
Development of a PCR Kit for Detection of Coxiella burnetii in Ukraine.
Nosocomial transmission of influenza: A retrospective cross-sectional study using next generation sequencing at a hospital in England (2012-2014).
The immunophenotyping of different stages of BK virus allograft nephropathy.
Dufulin intervenes the viroplasmic proteins as the mechanism of action against southern rice black-streaked dwarf virus.
New Delhi Metallo-Beta-Lactamase Producing Carbapenem-Resistant Gram-Negative Bacilli: Microbiological And Genotypic Analyses At A Tertiary Care Hospital In Pakistan.
Using phylogeographic approaches to analyse the dispersal history, velocity and direction of viral lineages - Application to rabies virus spread in Iran.
JC polyomavirus-specific antibody responses in pediatric kidney transplant recipients.
Characterization and complete genome sequence of the virulent phage ST20 infecting Escherichia coli O165:H8.
Very late relapse in an HCV genotype 3-infected patient treated with direct-acting antivirals (DAA).
Risk mapping of human HIV-Leishmaniasis co-infection in Morocco.
Molecular confirmation and phylogeny of Lassa fever virus in Benin Republic 2014-2016.
Blueprint for building a biorepository in a resource-limited setting that follows international best practices.
Heterologous and cross-species tropism of cancer-derived extracellular vesicles.
Flow cytometry-based FRET identifies binding intensities in PPARgamma1 protein-protein interactions in living cells.
A case of drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome induced by salazosulfapyridine combined with SIADH caused by interstitial pneumonia.
Transcriptional responses of LSm14A after infection of blue eggshell layers with Newcastle disease viruses.
A Conserved Mechanism of APOBEC3 Relocalization by Herpesviral Ribonucleotide Reductase Large Subunits.
Antibody-Dependent Dengue Virus Entry Modulates Cell Intrinsic Responses for Enhanced Infection.
Recovirus NS1-2 Has Viroporin Activity That Induces Aberrant Cellular Calcium Signaling To Facilitate Virus Replication.
Situations Leading to Reduced Effectiveness of Current Hand Hygiene against Infectious Mucus from Influenza Virus-Infected Patients.
Assessing exhibition swine as potential disseminators of infectious disease through the detection of five respiratory pathogens at agricultural exhibitions.
Plasma diamine oxidase level predicts 6-month readmission for patients with hepatitis B virus-related decompensated cirrhosis.
Screening HIV-positive men who have sex with men for hepatitis C re-infection risk: is a single question on condom-use enough? A sensitivity analysis.
Anti-viral activity of culinary and medicinal mushroom extracts against dengue virus serotype 2: an in-vitro study.
Detecting influenza and emerging avian influenza virus by influenza and pneumonia surveillance systems in a large city in China, 2005 to 2016.
Zika and abortion in Brazilian newspapers: how a new outbreak revived an old debate on reproductive rights.
Chromatin remodelling factor BAF155 protects hepatitis B virus X protein (HBx) from ubiquitin-independent proteasomal degradation.
Evaluation of the acute and 28-day sub-acute intravenous toxicity of alpha-l-guluronic acid (ALG; G2013) in mice.
Identification of Loci Associated with Enhanced Virulence in Spodoptera litura Nucleopolyhedrovirus Isolates Using Deep Sequencing.
Allele-Specific Expression of CD4+ T Cells in Response to Marek \' s Disease Virus Infection.
An Update on African Swine Fever Virology.
A Literature Review of Metagenomics and Culturomics of the Peri-implant Microbiome: Current Evidence and Future Perspectives.
Differences in Susceptibility of Human and Mouse Macrophage Cell Lines to Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infection.
Maribavir for Preemptive Treatment of Cytomegalovirus Reactivation.
Safety and immunogenicity of investigational seasonal influenza hemagglutinin DNA vaccine followed by trivalent inactivated vaccine administered intradermally or intramuscularly in healthy adults: An open-label randomized phase 1 clinical trial.
Flowers as viral hot spots: Honey bees (Apis mellifera) unevenly deposit viruses across plant species.
The genetic structure of Aedes aegypti populations is driven by boat traffic in the Peruvian Amazon.
[Features of clinical picture of Herpes zoster in infants].
Viral Inhibitory Activity of CD8+ T Cells in HIV Infection.
HCPro suppression of callose deposition contributes to strain specific resistance against Potato virus Y.
Proteomics Analysis Identifies IRSp53 and Fascin as Critical for PRV Egress and Direct Cell-Cell Transmission.
Novel N-(1-thia-4-azaspiro[4.5]decan-4-yl)carboxamide derivatives as potent and selective influenza virus fusion inhibitors.
Complete genome sequence of the novel phage vB_EcoS_PHB17, which infects Shiga-toxin-producing Escherichia coli.
Novel infectious myonecrosis virus (IMNV) genotypes associated with disease outbreaks on Penaeus vannamei shrimp farms in Indonesia.
Biochemistry and computer generated graph comparison of the structural and nonstructural proteins of spanish-1918 Influenza, pandemic-2009, and bird flu viruses.
Flaviviridae Viruses and Oxidative Stress: Implications for Viral Pathogenesis.
Noninvasive Identification of Immune-Related Biomarkers in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
The lytic activity of VSV-GP treatment dominates the therapeutic effects in a syngeneic model of lung cancer.
Correlation Between Serum Entecavir Concentration and Virological Response in Patients with Chronic Type B Hepatitis.
First Days in the Life of Naive Human B Lymphocytes Infected with Epstein-Barr Virus.
Phylogenetic variability of Human Metapneumovirus in patients with acute respiratory infections in Cameroon, 2011-2014.
HHV8 inflammatory cytokine syndrome mimicking septic shock.
The case for a universal hepatitis C vaccine to achieve hepatitis C elimination.
[Inmunorreaccion de la infeccion por el virus de Zika en retina de ratones].
Association of the Eukaryotic Vaginal Virome with Prophylactic Antibiotic Exposure and Reproductive Outcomes in a Subfertile Population Undergoing In Vitro Fertilization: A Prospective Exploratory Study.
Immune gene expression in gilthead seabream (Sparus aurata) after Lymphocystis disease virus (LCDV-Sa) challenge resulting in asymptomatic infection.
Immunomodulatory mechanism of acyclic nucleoside phosphates in treatment of hepatitis B virus infection.
Multiplex RT-PCR to simultaneously detect three viruses that infect peach.
Chest Radiography in Children Hospitalized with Bronchiolitis.
The complete genome sequence of the lumpy skin disease virus vaccine Herbivac LS reveals a mutation in the superoxide dismutase gene homolog.
Protein Expression Profiles in Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) under Effects of Sub- minimal inhibitory Concentrations of Imipenem.
Beyond cells - The virome in the human holobiont.
DisCVR: Rapid viral diagnosis from high-throughput sequencing data.
On-treatment monitoring of liver fibrosis with serum hepatitis B core-related antigen in chronic hepatitis B.
Exploring the hepatitis C virus genome using single molecule real-time sequencing.
Chronic hepatitis delta: A state-of-the-art review and new therapies.
Anti-ganglioside antibodies in patients with Zika virus infection-associated Guillain-Barre Syndrome in Brazil.
HLA-B locus products resist degradation by the human cytomegalovirus immunoevasin US11.
PNPLA3 rs738409 G allele carriers with genotype 1b HCV cirrhosis have lower viral load but develop liver failure at younger age.
The reduction of miR146b-5p in monocytes and T cells could contribute to the immunopathogenesis of hepatitis C virus infection.
Bat influenza viruses transmit among bats but are poorly adapted to non-bat species.
Adenovirus infection is associated with altered gut microbial communities in a non-human primate.
Berberine inhibits adipocyte differentiation, proliferation and adiposity through down-regulating galectin-3.
Correlation of APOBEC3G Polymorphism with Human Papillomavirus (HPV) Persistent Infection and Progression of Cervical Lesions.
H2O2 Induces Association of RCA with the Thylakoid Membrane to Enhance Resistance of Oryza meyeriana to Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae.
Clinical and Virological Aspects of HBV Reactivation: A Focus on Acute Liver Failure.
Immunological Analysis of a CCHFV mRNA Vaccine Candidate in Mouse Models.
NCBI \' s Virus Discovery Hackathon: Engaging Research Communities to Identify Cloud Infrastructure Requirements.
A Meta-Analysis on Human Papillomavirus Type Distribution among Women with Cervical Neoplasia in the WHO Eastern Mediterranean Region.
Simultaneous Development of Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy and Cryptococcal Meningitis during Methotrexate and Infliximab Treatment.
Th1-biased immunoadjuvant effect of the recombinant B subunit of an Escherichia coli heat-labile enterotoxin on an inactivated PRRSV antigen via intranasal immunization in mice.
Conversion of Sox2-dependent Merkel cell carcinoma to a differentiated neuron-like phenotype by T antigen inhibition.
Azithromycin Protects against Zika virus Infection by Upregulating virus-induced Type I and III Interferon Responses.
Detection of MERS-CoV antigen on formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded nasal tissue of alpacas by immunohistochemistry using human monoclonal antibodies directed against different epitopes of the spike protein.
Improved PCR diagnostics using up-to-date in silico validation: an F-gene RT-qPCR assay for the detection of all four lineages of peste des petits ruminants virus.
Age-Related Gliosis Promotes Central Nervous System Lymphoma through CCL19-Mediated Tumor Cell Retention.
Exploration of the mechanisms of Ge Gen Decoction against influenza A virus infection.
[Application of GLAD-PCR Assay for Study on DNA Methylation in Regulatory Regions of Some Tumor-Suppressor Genes in Lung Cancer].
A novel biotinylated nanobody-based blocking ELISA for the rapid and sensitive clinical detection of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus.
Response to Joob and Wiwanitkit Re: "AA IDO1 Variant Genotype (G2431A, rs3739319) Is Associated with Severe Dengue Risk Development in a DEN-3 Brazilian Cohort".
Active surveillance and genetic evolution of avian influenza viruses in Egypt, 2016-2018.
An evolutionary divergent pestivirus lacking the Npro gene systemically infects a whale species.
Analysis of Hepatitis B Virus Reactivation After Radiotherapy in Patients With Hepatocellular Carcinoma Using the Lyman NTCP Model.
Osteogenic Differentiation and Biocompatibility of Bovine Teeth Scaffold with Rat Adipose-derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells.
Mechanisms of activation induced by antiphospholipid antibodies in multiple sclerosis: Potential biomarkers of disease?
Mucosal CD8+ T cell responses induced by an MCMV based vaccine vector confer protection against influenza challenge.
RACK1 mediates rewiring of intracellular networks induced by hepatitis C virus infection.
Antibody responses against the vaccine antigens Ov-103 and Ov-RAL-2 are associated with protective immunity to Onchocerca volvulus infection in both mice and humans.
Simplified clinical algorithm for identifying patients eligible for same-day HIV treatment initiation (SLATE): Results from an individually randomized trial in South Africa and Kenya.
A Double Humanized BLT-mice Model Featuring a Stable Human-Like Gut Microbiome and Human Immune System.
Lessons From the Misdiagnosis of Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndrome as an Infection: Importance of an Early and Precise Diagnosis.
Vaccine approaches for the  \' therapeutic management \'  of Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis infection in domestic livestock.
Identification of New QTL Contributing to Barley Yellow Dwarf Virus-PAV (BYDV-PAV) Resistance in Wheat.
Long-term co-circulation of two strains of pepino mosaic virus in tomato crops and its effect on population genetic variability.
Rapid Detection of Mycoplasma pneumoniae by Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification (LAMP) in Clinical Respiratory Specimens.
The antimicrobial effects of zinc oxide-calcium hydroxide mixture fillers: determining the ideal mixture ratio.
Utility of human papillomavirus L1 capsid protein and HPV test as prognostic markers for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 2+ in women with persistent ASCUS /LSIL cervical cytology.
Preface.
Polyhedra, spindles, phage nucleus and pyramids: Structural biology of viral superstructures.
Structural mass spectrometry goes viral.
The viral replication organelles within cells studied by electron microscopy.
Influenza epidemiology in patients admitted to sentinel Australian hospitals in 2017: the Influenza Complications Alert Network (FluCAN).
In Vitro Evaluation of CMV Specific CD8+T Cells Function in CMV+ Colorectal Cancer Patients Compared to Healthy Controls.
Generation of CCR5-ablated Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells as a Therapeutic Approach for Immune-mediated Diseases.
The evolution of surgical treatment for gastrointestinal cancers.
Varicella outbreak trends in school settings during the voluntary single-dose era from 2006 to 2017 in Shanghai, China.
Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever virus in Hyalomma impeltatum ticks from North Kordofan, the Sudan.
Distribution of Rotavirus Genotypes in Three Croatian Regions Among Children &lt;= 5 Years of Age (2012-2014).
HPV vaccination, are we overlooking additional opportunities to control HPV infection and transmission?
A clinical and epidemiological survey of the largest dengue outbreak in Southern Taiwan in 2015.
Impact of genetic diversity on biological characteristics of Usutu virus strains in Africa.
Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections in Children 0-24 Months of Age in the Community.
Return to work in survivors of human papillomavirus-associated oropharyngeal cancer: An Australian experience.
Influenza B virus infections in Western Saxony, Germany in three consecutive seasons between 2015 and 2018: Analysis of molecular and clinical features.
Monitoring of the novel rabbit haemorrhagic disease virus type 2 (GI.2) epidemic in European wild rabbits (Oryctolagus cuniculus) in southern Spain, 2013-2017.
Transmission of African Swine Fever Virus via carrier (survivor) pigs does occur.
Correlates and determinants of Early Infant Diagnosis outcomes in North-Central Nigeria.
Comparison of phenotypic and genotypic diagnosis of acute human bocavirus 1 infection in children.
Rhinovirus type in severe bronchiolitis and the development of asthma.
Artesunate derivative TF27 inhibits replication and pathogenesis of an oncogenic avian alphaherpesvirus.
Neo-virology: The raison d \' etre of viruses.
Circulating microRNA-590-5p acts as a liquid biopsy marker in non-small cell lung cancer.
Ibrutinib associated invasive fungal diseases in patients with CLL and non-Hodgkin lymphoma: an observational study.
Implementation of an Immediate HIV Treatment Initiation Program in a Public/Academic Medical Center in the U.S. South: The Miami Test and Treat Rapid Response Program.
Human bocavirus infection in Belgian children with respiratory tract disease.
Molecular characterization of a novel potyvirus infecting noni.
First identification and molecular characterization of a novel cherry robigovirus.
Quantification of ovine herpesvirus 2 by digital PCR in an outbreak of malignant catarrhal fever.
Impact of intensive care unit supportive care on the physiology of Ebola virus disease in a universally lethal non-human primate model.
When it is better to stay together.
Ubiquitination of RIPK1 suppresses programmed cell death by regulating RIPK1 kinase activation during embryogenesis.
Retroviral integration into nucleosomes through DNA looping and sliding along the histone octamer.
KIR Polymorphism Modulates the Size of the Adaptive NK Cell Pool in Human Cytomegalovirus-Infected Individuals.
Tetanus antitoxin potency assessment by surface plasmon resonance and ToBI test.
Self-assembled fluorescent Ce(III) coordination polymer as ratiometric probe for HIV antigen detection.
Local immune and microbiological responses to mucosal administration of a Liposome-TLR agonist immunotherapeutic in dogs.
Acute human bocavirus 1 infection in child with life-threatening bilateral bronchiolitis and right-sided pneumonia: a case report.
Molecular detection of respiratory pathogens and typing of human rhinovirus of adults hospitalized for exacerbation of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Fibrin-associated large B-cell lymphoma: first case report within a cerebral artery aneurysm and literature review.
A transplantable tumor model allowing investigation of NY-BR-1-specific T cell responses in HLA-DRB1*0401 transgenic mice.
Intragastric delivery of recombinant Lactococcus lactis displaying ectodomain of influenza matrix protein 2 (M2e) and neuraminidase (NA) induced focused mucosal and systemic immune responses in chickens.
Chemical nature of electrochemical activation of carbon electrodes.
Characterization of internal ribosome entry sites according to secondary structure analysis to classify Border Disease virus strains.
Role of host trypsin-type serine proteases and influenza virus-cytokine-trypsin cycle in influenza viral pathogenesis. Pathogenesis-based therapeutic options.
High prevalence of occult hepatitis B infection (OBI) among healthy children and their parents in Alborz province, Iran; Vertical OBI, myth or truth?
Epstein-Barr virus subverts mevalonate and fatty acid pathways to promote infected B-cell proliferation and survival.
Epstein-Barr virus genome packaging factors accumulate in BMRF1-cores within viral replication compartments.
Functional hierarchy of uterotonics required for successful parturition in mice.
Pre-transplant CD200 and CD200R1 concentrations are associated with post-transplant events in kidney transplant recipients.
Glucosuria Predicts the Severity of Puumala Hantavirus Infection.
 \' Distribution of Hepatitis C Virus genotypes in northern Greece in the last decade: descriptive analysis and clinical correlations \' .
Human papilloma virus (HPV) genotypes concordance between Iranian couples referrals.
The ER membrane protein complex is required to ensure correct topology and stable expression of flavivirus polyproteins.
Occult HBV infection in Chinese blood donors: role of N-glycosylation mutations and amino acid substitutions in S protein transmembrane domains.
Host factor SMYD3 is recruited by Ebola virus nucleoprotein to facilitate viral mRNA transcription.
A double mutation in the conserved motifs of the helper component-protease of papaya leaf distortion mosaic virus for the generation of a cross-protective attenuated strain.
Usefulness of FilmArray Meningitis/Encephalitis panel in the management of an uncommon case of Herpes Simplex Virus type 2 meningitis.
In vitro propagation of tilapia lake virus in cell lines developed from Oreochromis mossambicus.
Complete Genome Sequencing of a Novel Strain of Sapelovirus A Circulating in Vietnam.
A phase 1 study of the safety, reactogenicity, and immunogenicity of a Schistosoma mansoni vaccine with or without glucopyranosyl lipid A aqueous formulation (GLA-AF) in healthy adults from a non-endemic area.
Potential of the NKG2D/NKG2DL Axis in NK Cell-Mediated Clearance of the HIV-1 Reservoir.
Sulfasalazine as an Immunomodulator of the Inflammatory Process during HIV-1 Infection.
Evaluation of immune response and protection against spring viremia of carp virus induced by a single-walled carbon nanotubes-based immersion DNA vaccine.
Artificially induced phased siRNAs promote virus resistance in transgenic plants.
Common vole (Microtus arvalis) and bank vole (Myodes glareolus) derived permanent cell lines differ in their susceptibility and replication kinetics of animal and zoonotic viruses.
A Meta-analysis of Passive Immunization Studies Shows that Serum-Neutralizing Antibody Titer Associates with Protection against SHIV Challenge.
Manipulating Mosquito Tolerance for Arbovirus Control.
A serological survey of canine respiratory coronavirus in dogs in New Zealand.
The epidemiological signature of influenza B virus and its B/Victoria and B/Yamagata lineages in the 21st century.
Rapid evolution of Mexican H7N3 highly pathogenic avian influenza viruses in poultry.
Combined immunization with attenuated live influenza vaccine and chimeric pneumococcal recombinant protein improves the outcome of virus-bacterial infection in mice.
Pregnancy does not adversely impact diagnostic tests for HTLV-1/2 infection.
Design and Biological Evaluation of m-Xylene Thioether-stapled Short Helical Peptides Targeting the HIV-1 gp41 Hexameric Coiled-Coil Fusion Complex.
A genetic variant within MDM4 3 \' UTR miRNA binding site is associated with HPV16-positive tumors and survival of oropharyngeal cancer.
Brief Report: Decreased JC Virus-Specific Antibody-Dependent Cellular Cytotoxicity in HIV-Seropositive PML Survivors.
Treatment Adherence Among Persons Receiving Concurrent Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis and HIV Treatment in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Survival model analysis of tuberculosis treatment among patients with human immunodeficiency virus coinfection.
Roles of HSV-1 infection-induced microglial immune responses in CNS diseases: friends or foes?
Pollen exposure weakens innate defense against respiratory viruses.
Removal of chromium from wastewater by swine hair residues applied as a putative biofilter.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis Reveals Different Host Cell Responses to Acute and Persistent Foot-and-Mouth Disease Virus Infection.
Occurrence of HEV-RNA in Italian Regional Pork and Wild Boar Food Products.
Characterization of the self-assembly of New Jersey polyomavirus VP1 into virus-like particles and the virus seroprevalence in Japan.
HIV-1 Vpr mediates the depletion of the cellular repressor CTIP2 to counteract viral gene silencing.
Circadian control of lung inflammation in influenza infection.
Engineered triple inhibitory receptor resistance improves anti-tumor CAR-T cell performance via CD56.
Type I and type III interferons differ in their adjuvant activities for influenza vaccines.
Comprehensive Interactome Analysis Reveals that STT3B is Required for the N-Glycosylation of Lassa Virus Glycoprotein.
Serological Array-in-Well Multiplex Assay Reveals a High Rate of Respiratory Virus Infections and Reinfections in Young Children.
Community-Acquired Respiratory Viruses in Transplant Patients: Diversity, Impact, Unmet Clinical Needs.
CT-2A neurospheres-derived high-grade glioma in mice: a new model to address tumor stem cells and immunosuppression.
Maximal standard uptake values of 18F-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose positron emission tomography compared with Epstein-Barr virus DNA as prognostic indicators in de novo metastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients.
Prevalence of the emerging novel Alongshan virus infection in sheep and cattle in Inner Mongolia, northeastern China.
A novel double-stranded RNA mycovirus isolated from Trichoderma harzianum.
E6 and E7 gene polymorphisms in human papillomavirus Type-6 identified in Southwest China.
Investigation of Brassica juncea, Forsythia suspensa, and Inula britannica: phytochemical properties, antiviral effects, and safety.
Inhibition of replication of hepatitis B virus using transcriptional repressors that target the viral DNA.
Chlamydia pan-genomic analysis reveals balance between host adaptation and selective pressure to genome reduction.
Characterization and radiosensitivity of HPV-related oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma patient-derived xenografts.
Special Issue: Applications of CRISPR Technology in Virology 2018.
Hyaluronic Acid-Decorated Liposomes as Innovative Targeted Delivery System for Lung Fibrotic Cells.
Applications of CRISPR/Cas9 tools in deciphering the mechanisms of HIV-1 persistence.
Cellular, humoral and molecular responses in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) exposed to a herbicide and subsequently infected with infectious hematopoietic necrosis virus.
Therapeutic Vaccines Against Human Papilloma Viruses: Achievements and Prospects.
Carcinogenesis Associated with Human Papillomavirus Infection. Mechanisms and Potential for Immunotherapy.
CRISPR-Edited Stem Cells in a Patient with HIV and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia.
Development and validation of a pen side test for Rift Valley fever.
Precise exchange of HC-Pro cistron between soybean mosaic virus and clover yellow vein virus: Impact on virus viability and host range specificity.
Nod2 deficiency functionally impairs adaptation to short bowel syndrome via alterations of the epithelial barrier function.
Identification of antigenic epitopes in the hemagglutinin protein of H7 avian influenza virus.
Human parvovirus B19 genotype 1 in suspected dengue patients of Tefe, Amazonas State, Brazil.
Pre-existing yellow fever immunity impairs and modulates the antibody response to tick-borne encephalitis vaccination.
AuNP-M2e + sCpG vaccination of juvenile mice generates lifelong protective immunity to influenza A virus infection.
High Activation of gammadelta T Cells and the gammadelta2pos T-Cell Subset Is Associated With the Onset of Tuberculosis-Associated Immune Reconstitution Inflammatory Syndrome, ANRS 12153 CAPRI NK.
NK Cells Contribute to the Immune Risk Profile in Kidney Transplant Candidates.
Characterization of a Novel Tanay Virus Isolated From Anopheles sinensis Mosquitoes in Yunnan, China.
A Structure-Function Diversity Survey of the RNA-Dependent RNA Polymerases From the Positive-Strand RNA Viruses.
Development of Multispecies Recombinant Nucleoprotein-Based Indirect ELISA for High-Throughput Screening of Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever Virus-Specific Antibodies.
A Student \' s Guide to Neural Circuit Tracing.
Human Papilloma Virus Infection and Anal Squamous Intraepithelial Lesions.
Efficient RT-PCR tool for tomato spotted wilt virus detection in its vectors Thrips tabaci and Frankliniella occidentalis.
A case of intracranial molluscum contagiosum virus infection diagnosed by metagenomic sequencing of cerebrospinal fluid.
High prevalence of norovirus GII.P16/GII.2 and chicken anemia virus in two acute gastroenteritis outbreaks in Huzhou, China.
Efficacy and immunogenicity of a live L. acidophilus expressing SAD epitope of transmissible gastroenteritis virus as an oral vaccine.
Secondary dengue infection in immunocompetent murine model leads to heart tissue damage.
Schmallenberg virus affects T-bet, Gata3, RoRrgammat, Foxp3 and Eomes in mice brain.
Identification and phylogenetic analysis of an orf virus strain isolated in Anhui Province, East-central China, in 2018.
The effect of human interferon alpha on replication of different bovine viral diarrhea virus strains.
The involvement of the substance P/neurokinin 1 receptor system in viral infection: focus on the gp120 fusion protein and homologous dipeptide domains.
Complete genome sequence of a divergent strain of potato virus P isolated from Solanum tuberosum in Russia.
Development and application of a multiplex PCR method for the simultaneous detection and differentiation of feline panleukopenia virus, feline bocavirus, and feline astrovirus.
Respiratory syncytial virus infection in adults.
Clonal diversity of Haemophilus influenzae carriage isolated from under the age of 6 years children.
Xanthohumol inhibits PRRSV proliferation and alleviates oxidative stress induced by PRRSV via the Nrf2-HMOX1 axis.
Inhibition of anti-viral responses in intestinal epithelial cells by epigenetic modifying drugs is mediated by a reduction in viral pattern recognition receptor expression and activity.
Mice lacking adenosine 2A receptor reveal increased severity of MCD-induced NASH.
Coronavirus genomic RNA packaging.
Structural characterization of the PCV2d virus-like particle at 3.3 A resolution reveals differences to PCV2a and PCV2b capsids, a tetranucleotide, and an N-terminus near the icosahedral 3-fold axes.
Multiplex analysis of Human Polyomavirus diversity in kidney transplant recipients with BK virus replication.
Multiple divergent Human mastadenovirus C co-circulating in mainland of China.
Refining the prognosis of fetuses infected with cytomegalovirus in the first trimester of pregnancy by serial prenatal assessment: A single center retrospective study.
Different dynamics of Usutu virus infections in Austria and Hungary, 2017-2018.
Hepatitis B virus reactivation during belatacept treatment after kidney transplantation.
The medical impact of hepatitis D virus infection in Uzbekistan.
Low complexity regions in the proteins of prokaryotes perform important functional roles and are highly conserved.
Non-proteolytic ubiquitination of OTULIN regulates NF-kappaB signaling pathway.
Metabolic Changes in Chronic Hepatitis C Patients who Carry IFNL4-DeltaG and Achieve Sustained Virologic Response with Direct-Acting Antiviral Therapy.
Association of Human Papillomavirus Infection and Inflammation in Cervical Cancer.
Self-reported neurocognitive impairment in people living with HIV: Characterizing clusters of patients with similar changes in self-reported neurocognitive impairment 2013-2017 in the Swiss HIV Cohort Study.
Citywide transmission of MDR-TB under China \' s rapid urbanization: a retrospective population-based genomic spatial epidemiological study.
The phage gene wmk is a candidate for male killing by a bacterial endosymbiont.
Study on Biological Activity of Bread Enriched with Natural Polyphenols in Terms of Growth Inhibition of Tumor Intestine Cells.
First Report of Coronaviruses in Northern European Bats.
Mutations in the H7 HA and PB1 genes of avian influenza a viruses increase viral pathogenicity and contact transmission in guinea pigs.
Ocular manifestations of dengue.
Associations between female genital mutilation/cutting and HIV: a review of the evidence.
Antiviral defense against Cypovirus 1 (Reoviridae) infection in the silkworm, Bombyx mori.
Comprehensive transcriptomics and proteomics analyses of rice stripe virus-resistant transgenic rice.
Functional metagenomics-guided discovery of potent Cas9 inhibitors in the human microbiome.
Quantitative real-time PCR analysis of individual flue-cured tobacco seeds and seedlings reveals seed transmission of Tobacco mosaic virus.
Assessing the impact on virus transmission and insect vector behavior of a viral mixed infection in melon.
Virotherapy: Current Trends and Future Prospects for Treatment of Colon and Rectal Malignancies.
Transformation of Viral Light Particles into Near-Infrared Fluorescence Quantum Dot-Labeled Active Tumor-Targeting Nanovectors for Drug Delivery.
Evaluation of the intraoperative human papilloma virus test as a marker of early cure at 12 months after electrosurgical excision procedure in patients with cervical High Grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesion: a prospective cohort study.
Experimental Study of Flakozid Activity in Viral Hepatitis C In Vitro.
Cucurbit chlorotic yellows virus p22 is a suppressor of local RNA silencing.
Genomic sequence and host range studies reveal considerable variation within the species Arracacha virus B.
Comparison of pre-S1/S2 variations of hepatitis B virus between asymptomatic carriers and cirrhotic/hepatocellular carcinoma-affected individuals.
Doxorubicin-loaded human serum albumin nanoparticles overcome transporter-mediated drug resistance in drug-adapted cancer cells.
A highly potent long-acting small-molecule HIV-1 capsid inhibitor with efficacy in a humanized mouse model.
A versatile platform technology for recombinant vaccines using non-propagative human parainfluenza virus type 2 vector.
A first experience of transduction for differentiated HepaRG cells using lentiviral technology.
G3BP1 inhibits ubiquitinated protein aggregations induced by p62 and USP10.
Hepatitis C Virus: 30 Years after Its Discovery.
Antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity targeting CD4-inducible epitopes predicts mortality in HIV-infected infants.
Glycosylated diphyllin as a broad-spectrum antiviral agent against Zika virus.
Summit proceedings: Biomedical countermeasure development for emerging vector-borne viral diseases.
Gut microbial diversity and genus-level differences identified in cervical cancer patients versus healthy controls.
Improved foot-and-mouth disease vaccine, O TWN-R, protects pigs against SEA topotype virus occurred in South Korea.
Natural severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus infection in domestic cats in Japan.
First detection of neboviruses in yak (Bos grunniens) and identification of a novel neboviruses based on complete genome.
GTPase-activating protein-binding protein 1 (G3BP1) plays an antiviral role against porcine epidemic diarrhea virus.
Novel avian metaavulavirus isolated from birds of the family Columbidae in Taiwan.
Mitophagy mediated by BNIP3 and BNIP3L/NIX in urothelial cells of the urinary bladder of cattle harbouring bovine papillomavirus infection.
Specific recombinant proteins of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus are immunogenic, revealing their potential use as diagnostic markers.
Molecular detection and characterisation of feline morbillivirus in domestic cats in Malaysia.
Insights into the chicken bursa of fabricius response to Newcastle disease virus at 48 and 72 hours post-infection through RNA-seq.
In situ inactivation of human norovirus GII.4 by cold plasma: Ethidium monoazide (EMA)-coupled RT-qPCR underestimates virus reduction and fecal material suppresses inactivation.
Viral metagenomic analysis of the cheese surface: A comparative study of rapid procedures for extracting viral particles.
Lack of influence by endosymbiont Wolbachia on virus titer in the common bed bug, Cimex lectularius.
Inhibition of H1N1 influenza virus infection by zinc oxide nanoparticles: another emerging application of nanomedicine.
NSs Filament Formation Is Important but Not Sufficient for RVFV Virulence In Vivo.
Human Norovirus Histo-Blood Group Antigen (HBGA) Binding Sites Mediate the Virus Specific Interactions with Lettuce Carbohydrates.
Detection of Two Highly Diverse Peribunyaviruses in Mosquitoes from Palenque, Mexico.
Production of IFNbeta by Conventional Dendritic Cells after Stimulation with Viral Compounds and IFNbeta-Independent IFNAR1-Signaling Pathways are Associated with Aggravation of Polymicrobial Sepsis.
Early Nuclear Events after Herpesviral Infection.
Effects of Propoxur Exposure on Insecticidal Susceptibility and Developmental Traits in Culex pipiens quinquefasciatus.
The first inorganic mitogens: Cerium oxide and cerium fluoride nanoparticles stimulate planarian regeneration via neoblastic activation.
Krykfeie dicistrovirus: A novel dicistrovirus in velvety free-tailed bats from Brazil.
Fatal Zika virus infection in the Americas: A systematic review.
Delayed peak of human infections and ongoing reassortment of H7N9 avian influenza virus in the newly affected western Chineses provinces during Wave Five.
IgG abnormalities in HIV-positive Malawian women initiating ART during pregnancy persist after 24 months of treatment.
Photodynamic antimicrobial chemotherapy with the photosensitizer TONS504 eradicates Acanthamoeba.
Measles-related hospitalizations and associated complications in jerusalem, 2018-2019.
Gel phase DSPC-based liposomes are superior to fluid phase liposomes at augmenting antigen presentation on MHC II and display of co-stimulatory molecules by dendritic cells in vitro.
Antibody response in snakes with boid inclusion body disease.
Peptide presentation by bat MHC class I provides new insight into the antiviral immunity of bats.
EV71 3C protease induces apoptosis by cleavage of hnRNP A1 to promote apaf-1 translation.
Different and diverse anaerobic microbiota were seen in women living with HIV with unsuppressed HIV viral load and in women with recurrent bacterial vaginosis: a cohort study.
Genetic and antigenic characteristics of a human influenza C virus clinical isolate.
High prevalence of equine-like G3P[8] rotavirus in children and adults with acute gastroenteritis in Thailand.
Lack of Marseillevirus DNA in immunocompetent and immunocompromised Italian patients.
Quantification of Protein Interaction Network Dynamics using Multiplexed Co-Immunoprecipitation.
Satureja khuzestanica Essential Oil against Quorum Sensing of Pseudomonas aeroginosa Using RT-PCR.
Genome characterization of citrus yellow vein-clearing virus: limited heterogeneity of viral genomes in Mandarivirus-infecting different citrus species.
Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus and the One Health concept.
Molecular characterization of influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 viruses circulating at various geographical locations in India, 2017.
Differential susceptibility &amp; replication potential of Vero E6, BHK-21, RD, A-549, C6/36 cells &amp; Aedes aegypti mosquitoes to three strains of chikungunya virus.
- No Title -
Transcriptional Responses to IFN-gamma Require Mediator Kinase-Dependent Pause Release and Mechanistically Distinct CDK8 and CDK19 Functions.
Synchronous shedding of multiple bat paramyxoviruses coincides with peak periods of Hendra virus spillover.
Viral metagenomics updated the prevalence of human papillomavirus types in anogenital warts.
H3N2 avian influenza viruses detected in live poultry markets in China bind to human-type receptors and transmit in guinea pigs and ferrets.
Record number of influenza tests in 2019, not a "mutant flu crisis".
Efficacy of a Copper-Calcium-Hydroxide Solution in Reducing Microbial Plaque on Orthodontic Clear Aligners: A Case Report.
Penguin megrivirus, a novel picornavirus from an Adelie penguin (Pygoscelis adeliae).
Complete genome sequence of bovine herpesvirus type 1.1 (BoHV-1.1) Los Angeles (LA) strain and its genotypic relationship to BoHV-1.1 Cooper and more recently isolated wild-type field strains.
Molecular evidence of goose-parvovirus-related abnormal molting in Pekin ducks.
The Spodoptera frugiperda Sf9 cell line is a heterogeneous population of rhabdovirus-infected and virus-negative cells: Isolation and characterization of cell clones containing rhabdovirus X-gene variants and virus-negative cell clones.
Diversified Application of Barcoded PLATO (PLATO-BC) Platform for Identification of Protein Interactions.
Microscopical Studies on Ministeria vibrans Tong, 1997 (Filasterea) Highlight the Cytoskeletal Structure of the Common Ancestor of Filasterea, Metazoa and Choanoflagellata.
Functional interactions between herpes simplex virus pUL51, pUL7 and gE reveal cell-specific mechanisms for epithelial cell-to-cell spread.
Host cell protein PSMB10 interacts with viral NS3 protein and inhibits the growth of classical swine fever virus.
Pathogenicity and genomic changes of a 2016 European H5N8 highly pathogenic avian influenza virus (clade 2.3.4.4) in experimentally infected mallards and chickens.
A novel toti-like virus from a plant pathogenic oomycete Globisporangium splendens.
Baculovirus ODV-E66 degrades larval peritrophic membrane to facilitate baculovirus oral infection.
Detecting episomal or integrated human papillomavirus 16 DNA using an exonuclease V-qPCR-based assay.
The virological model plant, Nicotiana benthamiana expresses a single functional RDR6 homeolog.
Structural characterization and biological function of bivalent binding of CD2AP to intrinsically disordered domain of chikungunya virus nsP3 protein.
Molecular characterization of Equine Infectious Anemia Viruses using targeted sequence enrichment and next generation sequencing.
p-STAT1 regulates the influenza A virus replication and inflammatory response in vitro and vivo.
Human Herpes Simplex Virus-1 depletes APOBEC3A from nuclei.
Estimating risk associated with human norovirus and hepatitis A virus in fresh Australian leafy greens and berries at retail.
High performance of rapid influenza diagnostic test and variable effectiveness of influenza vaccines in Mexico.
IL-10-producing B cells attenuate cardiac inflammation by regulating Th1 and Th17 cells in acute viral myocarditis induced by coxsackie virus B3.
High tolerance of hepatitis B virus to thermal disinfection.
Charcot-Leyden crystals promote neutrophilic inflammation in nasal polyposis.
Isolated Non-16/18 High-Risk Human Papillomavirus Cervical Infection: Re-Evaluation After One Year.
Estimation of the number of exposed people during highly pathogenic avian influenza virus outbreaks in EU/EEA countries, October 2016-September 2018.
Acute liver failure in immunocompetent patients infected with hepatitis E.
The Microbiome and Prostate Cancer Risk.
Anemia measurements to distinguish between viral and bacterial infections in the emergency department.
Hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype 1b displays higher genetic variability of hypervariable region 1 (HVR1) than genotype 3.
Spatially clustered loci with multiple enhancers are frequent targets of HIV-1 integration.
A second open reading frame in human enterovirus determines viral replication in intestinal epithelial cells.
Cytosolic PCNA interacts with p47phox and controls NADPH oxidase NOX2 activation in neutrophils.
New treatments for Ebola virus disease.
Correlation of Host Range Expansion of Therapeutic Bacteriophage Sb-1 with Allele State at a Hypervariable Repeat Locus.
CRISPR-Cas System of a Prevalent Human Gut Bacterium Reveals Hyper-targeting against Phages in a Human Virome Catalog.
Potential underestimation of influenza virus burden in infants.
Distinct gut metagenomics and metaproteomics signatures in prediabetics and treatment-naive type 2 diabetics.
Defective modulation of LINE-1 retrotransposition by cancer-associated SAMHD1 mutants.
Novel polymerase spiral reaction assay for the visible molecular detection of porcine circovirus type 3.
Safety and tolerance of lymph node biopsies from chronic HIV-1 volunteers in rural Tanzania.
Silencers of HTLV-1 and HTLV-2: the pX-encoded latency-maintenance factors.
Exploration of genetic diversity of Plasmodium vivax circumsporozoite protein (Pvcsp) and Plasmodium vivax sexual stage antigen (Pvs25) among North Indian isolates.
Roles of Small RNAs in Virus-Plant Interactions.
Epidemiological features and trends of influenza incidence in mainland China: a population-based surveillance study from 2005 to 2015.
3-Bromopyruvate potentiates TRAIL-induced apoptosis in human colon cancer cells through a reactive oxygen species- and caspase-dependent mitochondrial pathway.
How could an African swine fever outbreak evolve in an enzootic context? The case of Imerintsiatosika, Madagascar in 2015.
Burden of influenza-associated respiratory hospitalizations in the Americas, 2010-2015.
Origins of the arctic fox variant rabies viruses responsible for recent cases of the disease in southern Ontario.
Benefits and Limits of Antiretroviral Drug Monitoring in Routine Practice.
IL-7 immunotherapy for progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in a patient with already controlled HIV-1 infection on antiretroviral therapy.
Structure-function analysis of the equine hepacivirus 5 \'  untranslated region highlights the conservation of translational mechanisms across the hepaciviruses.
Equine herpesvirus 1 infection orchestrates the expression of chemokines in equine respiratory epithelial cells.
Insight Into Late Wilting Disease of Cucumber Demonstrates the Complexity of the Phenomenon in Fluctuating Environments.
No Evidence for a Role for Antibodies during Vaccination-Induced Enhancement of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome.
Paramyxoviruses respiratory syncytial virus, parainfluenza virus, and human metapneumovirus infection in pediatric hospitalized patients and climate correlation in a subtropical region of southern China: a 7-year survey.
Viperin catalyzes methionine oxidation to promote protein expression and function of helicases.
Serological evidence of hepatitis A, B, and C virus infection in older adults in Khon Kaen, Thailand and the estimated rates of chronic hepatitis B and C virus infection in Thais, 2017.
Animal bite injuries in the accident and emergency unit at Mulago Hospital in Kampala, Uganda.
Hepatitis B vaccine uptake among healthcare workers in a referral hospital, Accra.
Zika virus replicates in adult human brain tissue and impairs synapses and memory in mice.
Subgenomic flavivirus RNA binds the mosquito DEAD/H-box helicase ME31B and determines Zika virus transmission by Aedes aegypti.
Blocking alpha4beta7 integrin binding to SIV does not improve virologic control.
Lack of therapeutic efficacy of an antibody to alpha4beta7 in SIVmac251-infected rhesus macaques.
Evaluation of an antibody to alpha4beta7 in the control of SIVmac239-nef-stop infection.
First Complete Coding Sequence of a Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis Virus Strain Isolated from an Equine Encephalitis Case in Costa Rica.
Complete Genome Sequence of Escherichia-Infecting Phage CEC_KAZ_2018, Isolated from Soil.
Applying fuzzy logic to assess the biogeographical risk of dengue in South America.
Waterproof, low-cost, long-battery-life sound trap for surveillance of male Aedes aegypti for rear-and-release mosquito control programmes.
A novel method to rescue and culture duck Astrovirus type 1 in vitro.
First isolation and characterization of Getah virus from cattle in northeastern China.
Small non-coding RNA STnc640 regulates expression of fimA fimbrial gene and virulence of Salmonella enterica serovar Enteritidis.
Development of a multiplex PCR to detect and discriminate porcine circoviruses in clinical specimens.
Study on the Role of Cytc in Response to BmNPV Infection in Silkworm, Bombyx mori (Lepidoptera).
Analytical Evaluation of the Human Papillomavirus HPV DNA Array E1-Based Genotyping Assay.
The Use of Immunochromatographic Technique for Rotavirus Detection: Experience from a Tertiary Care Hospital in Central Greece.
Schistosoma mansoni soluble egg antigen (SEA) and recombinant Omega-1 modulate induced CD4+ T-lymphocyte responses and HIV-1 infection in vitro.
Dengue and chikungunya among outpatients with acute undifferentiated fever in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo: A cross-sectional study.
Impact of Public Health Interventions on Drinking Water-Associated Outbreaks of Hepatitis A - United States, 1971-2017.
A field-deployable insulated isothermal RT-PCR assay for identification of influenza A (H7N9) shows good performance in the laboratory.
Sequence analysis of the medium and small RNAs of impatiens necrotic spot virus reveals segment reassortment but not recombination.
Coinfection with koala retrovirus subtypes A and B and its impact on captive koalas in Japanese zoos.
[Respiratory syncytial virus].
A 7-Amino-Acid Motif of Rep protein essential for virulence is critical for triggering host defense against Sri Lankan cassava mosaic virus.
Human papillomavirus and infiltration of CD8- and Foxp3-positive immune cells in sinonasal inverted papillomas.
Dynorphin-based "release on demand" gene therapy for drug-resistant temporal lobe epilepsy.
Features of monocyte-derived dendritic cells encompassing a rare subpopulation of cells that are capable of natural internalization of extracellular dsDNA.
Antiviral treatment for Bell \' s palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis).
Innervation and nerve-immune cell contacts in mouse Peyer \' s patches.
Fluorescence In Situ Hybridization (FISH) Detection of Viral Nucleic Acids in Oncolytic H-1 Parvovirus-Treated Human Brain Tumors.
In Vivo Bioimaging for Monitoring Intratumoral Virus Activity.
Analysis of Immunological Treatment Effects of Virotherapy in Tumor Tissue.
Differential interferon gene expression in bronchiolitis caused by respiratory syncytial virus-A genotype ON1.
Multi-bioactive silver nanoparticles synthesized using mosquitocidal Bacilli and their characterization.
hNTCP-expressing primary pig hepatocytes are a valuable tool for investigating hepatitis B virus infection and antiviral drugs.
Discovery of potent telomerase activators: Unfolding new therapeutic and anti-aging perspectives.
Analysis of clinical significance and prospective molecular mechanism of main elements of the JAK/STAT pathway in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Metagenomics analysis of bacterial structure communities within natural biofilm.
Some One Health based control strategies for the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus.
The Detection and Characterization of Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 in Confirmed Measles Cases.
[Clinical features of adult-onset chronic active Epstein-Barr virus infection].
Progranulin prevents regulatory NK cell cytotoxicity against antiviral T cells.
Predicting the broadly neutralizing antibody susceptibility of the HIV reservoir.
Homozygous NLRP1 gain-of-function mutation in siblings with a syndromic form of recurrent respiratory papillomatosis.
Differential requirements for FcgammaR engagement by protective antibodies against Ebola virus.
Heat Shock Protein 90 Ensures the Integrity of Rubella virus p150 Protein and Supports Viral Replication.
CD4 Incorporation into HIV-1 Viral Particles Exposes Envelope Epitopes Recognized by CD4-induced Antibodies.
mSphere of Influence: Redefining an Influenza Virus-How Different Are Influenza Viruses and Extracellular Vesicles?
Tropism of Newcastle disease virus strains for chicken neurons, astrocytes, oligodendrocytes, and microglia.
HIV-2 as a model to identify a functional HIV cure.
Multiplex qPCR facilitates identification of betaherpesviruses in patients with acute liver failure of unknown etiology.
Evolutionary Dynamics of the Lineage 2 West Nile Virus That Caused the Largest European Epidemic: Italy 2011-2018.
An interactive data visualisation application to investigate nosocomial transmission of infections.
[Study on HIV-1 genetics and drug resistance among HIV infected individuals who initiated antiretroviral therapy in Dehong Dai and Jingpo autonomous prefecture, 2017].
[Pathogenic characteristics of hospitalized severe acute respiratory infections in Shanghai, China, 2015-2017].
[Etiologic and epidemiologic features of acute respiratory infections in adults from Shanghai, during 2015-2017].
[Pathogenic characteristics of viral gastroenteritis among pediatric inpatients under five years old during 2014-2017].
[Seasonality and etiological characteristics of infectious diarrhea in outpatients of 18 or above-year-old in Shanghai, 2014-2017].
[Epidemiologic characteristics of Norovirus among adult patients with infectious diarrhea, in Shanghai, 2013-2018].
Expression of the Mxra8 Receptor Promotes Alphavirus Infection and Pathogenesis in Mice and Drosophila.
High prevalence of human papillomavirus infection in HIV-infected women living in French Antilles and French Guiana.
Display of malaria transmission-blocking antigens on chimeric duck hepatitis B virus-derived virus-like particles produced in Hansenula polymorpha.
Chikungunya virus requires cellular chloride channels for efficient genome replication.
[Influenza point-of-care test in the GP practice and Emergency Department; analytical accuracy and added value].
Early diagnosis and risk factors of acute hepatitis c in high-risk men who have sex with men on pre-exposure prophylaxis.
Electronic cigarettes disrupt lung lipid homeostasis and innate immunity independent of nicotine.
Lactoferrin-induced myeloid-derived suppressor cell therapy attenuates pathologic inflammatory conditions in newborn mice.
Identification of peptide domains involved in the subcellular localization of the feline coronavirus 3b protein.
Updated classification of norovirus genogroups and genotypes.
Construction of an infectious Poa semilatent virus cDNA clone and comparisons of hordeivirus cytopathology and pathogenicity.
Harmonized Autophagy Versus Full-Fledged Hepatitis B Virus: Victorious or Defeated.
Construction and Characterization of Infectious Molecular Clones of HIV-1 CRF63_02A6.
Molecular and antigenic characterization of bovine herpesvirus type 1 (BoHV-1) strains from cattle with diverse clinical cases in Turkey.
Optimized Expression of Duck Tembusu Virus E Gene Delivered by a Vectored Duck Enteritis Virus In Vitro.
Giant viral genomic signatures in the previously reported gut metagenomes of pre-school children in rural India.
Biobanking for Viral Hepatitis Research.
Evolutionary and Structural Overview of Human Picornavirus Capsid Antibody Evasion.
Modelling the Effect of a Novel Autodissemination Trap on the Spread of Dengue in Shah Alam and Malaysia.
Leptomeningeal Metastasis: The Role of Cerebrospinal Fluid Diagnostics.
Rheumatic manifestations of chikungunya: emerging concepts and interventions.
Complex Scenario of Homotypic and Heterotypic Zika Virus Immune Enhancement.
Assessing the role of migratory birds in the introduction of ticks and tick-borne pathogens from African countries: An Italian experience.
Corrigendum: Identification and characterization of novel mosquito-borne (Kammavanpettai virus) and tick-borne (Wad Medani) reoviruses isolated in India.
Enterovirus D68 serosurvey: evidence for endemic circulation in the Netherlands, 2006 to 2016.
Cysticercosis and taeniasis cases diagnosed at two referral medical institutions, Belgium, 1990 to 2015.
Identification of virion-associated transcriptional transactivator (VATT) of SGIV ICP46 promoter and their binding site on promoter.
Viral respiratory tract infections in young children with cystic fibrosis: a prospective full-year seasonal study.
Strain-Dependent Porcine Circovirus Type 2 (PCV2) Entry and Replication in T-Lymphoblasts.
Virus Shedding of Avian Influenza in Poultry: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Long-Acting HIV-1 Fusion Inhibitory Peptides and their Mechanisms of Action.
Urine and Free Immunoglobulin Light Chains as Analytes for Serodiagnosis of Hantavirus Infection.
Production Strategies for Pentamer-Positive Subviral Dense Bodies as a Safe Human Cytomegalovirus Vaccine.
Mapping the Interactions of HBV cccDNA with Host Factors.
Approach to Strain Selection and the Propagation of Viral Stocks for Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis Virus Vaccine Efficacy Testing under the Animal Rule.
Suppressive Effects of Octyl Gallate on Streptococcus mutans Biofilm Formation, Acidogenicity, and Gene Expression.
Mast Cell Responses to Viruses and Pathogen Products.
Sunlight based handheld smartphone spectrometer.
Association of single nucleotide polymorphisms in TNFA and CCR5 genes with Japanese Encephalitis: A study from an endemic region of North India.
KSHV-encoded LANA protects the cellular replication machinery from hypoxia induced degradation.
Lower prevalence of Blastocystis sp. infections in HIV positive compared to HIV negative adults in Ghana.
Clinical correlation of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus load measured by digital PCR.
Integrating preexposure prophylaxis delivery in routine family planning clinics: A feasibility programmatic evaluation in Kenya.
Interferon lambda 4 impacts the genetic diversity of hepatitis C virus.
Adaptation of hepatitis C virus to interferon lambda polymorphism across multiple viral genotypes.
Hypertension among human immunodeficiency virus infected patients on treatment at Parirenyatwa Hospital: A descriptive study.
Molecular and restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis of canine parvovirus 2 (CPV-2) in dogs in southeast Anatolia, Turkey.
[When Urban and Agricultural Activities Favor the Proliferation of Mosquito Nuisance and Vectors of Pathogens to Humans].
Endangered wild salmon infected by newly discovered viruses.
Safety considerations with current and emerging antiviral therapies for cytomegalovirus infection in transplantation.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism and digestive system cancer risk: A meta-analysis based on 9656 subjects.
ER-localized Hrd1 ubiquitinates and inactivates Usp15 to promote TLR4-induced inflammation during bacterial infection.
Latency and lytic replication in Epstein-Barr virus-associated oncogenesis.
Clinical utility of HBV surface antigen quantification in HBV e antigen-negative chronic HBV infection.
Oncolytic activity of HF10 in head and neck squamous cell carcinomas.
A20 deficiency in hematopoietic stem cells causes lymphopenia and myeloproliferation due to elevated Interferon-gamma signals.
Liquid biopsy tracking during sequential chemo-radiotherapy identifies distinct prognostic phenotypes in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Identification of BK Virus Genotypes in Recipients of Renal Transplant in Vietnam.
Environmental conditions and serotype affect Listeria monocytogenes susceptibility to phage treatment in a laboratory cheese model.
Transcription factor homeobox D9 is involved in the malignant phenotype of cervical cancer through direct binding to the human papillomavirus oncogene promoter.
Gravid oviposition sticky trap and dengue non-structural 1 antigen test for early surveillance of dengue in multi-storey dwellings: study protocol of a cluster randomized controlled trial.
Virology Downunder, a meeting commentary from the 2019 Lorne Infection and Immunity Conference, Australia.
Genetic and phylogenetic analyses of the first GIII.2 bovine norovirus in China.
Antiviral efficacy of favipiravir against canine distemper virus infection in vitro.
Development of a quick dot blot assay for the titering of bovine ephemeral fever virus.
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated tuberculosis care in Botswana: evidence from a real-world setting.
Long-term retrospective observation reveals stabilities and variations of hantavirus infection in Hebei, China.
A study of the relationship between human infection with avian influenza a (H5N6) and environmental avian influenza viruses in Fujian, China.
Cross-resistance of the pathogenic fungus Alternaria alternata to fungicides with different modes of action.
A novel PCR protocol for detection and differentiation of neuropathogenic and non-neuropathogenic equid alphaherpesvirus 1.
Neurocognitive impairment in the cART era in a Romanian cohort of young adults with chronic HIV infection.
Pim1 Impacts Enterovirus A71 Replication and Represents a Potential Target in Antiviral Therapy.
Platelet-rich plasma incorporated electrospun PVA-chitosan-HA nanofibers accelerates osteogenic differentiation and bone reconstruction.
Hepatitis, Pancreatitis and Rash in a Patient With Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.
Short course of systemic corticosteroids in wheezy children: still an open question.
Nicotiana benthamiana phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase type II regulates chilli leaf curl virus pathogenesis.
Classical swine fever in Victorian domestic pigs: evidence of disease freedom.
Host Genetic Determinants of Hepatitis B Virus Infection.
Platelets Aggregate With Neutrophils and Promote Skin Pathology in Psoriasis.
A Natural Impact: NK Cells at the Intersection of Cancer and HIV Disease.
Fenton-Mediated Biodegradation of Chlorendic Acid - A Highly Chlorinated Organic Pollutant - By Fungi Isolated From a Polluted Site.
Inhibition of HTLV-1 Infection by HIV-1 First- and Second-Generation Integrase Strand Transfer Inhibitors.
A quicker Tzanck smear with methylene blue stain in diagnosis of herpesvirus skin infections: a comparative study with Giemsa stain.
Dengue virus serotype-4 during the 2015-2017 epidemic: emergence of a novel genotype IIa of DENV-4 in the Philippines.
Fluctuations in antibody titers against enterovirus D68 in pediatric sera collected in a community before, during, and after a possible outbreak.
Comparison of Reverse Transcription Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification Method with SYBR Green Real-Time RT-PCR and Direct Fluorescent Antibody Test for diagnosis of rabies.
Porcine IL-12 plasmid as an adjuvant improves the cellular and humoral immune responses of DNA vaccine targeting transmissible gastroenteritis virus spike gene in a mouse model.
A Structure-Informed Atlas of Human-Virus Interactions.
Lupus nephritis complicated by cytomegalovirus colitis, aspergillosis and brain abscess.
A qualitative risk assessment of cleansing and disinfection requirements after an avian influenza outbreak in commercial poultry.
[Analysis on the hemagglutinin genetic characteristic of 7 measles virus isolated in Henan Province in 2017].
Acute hepatitis due to infectious mononucleosis.
Isolation of phenanthrenes and identification of phorbol ester derivatives as potential anti-CHIKV agents using FBMN and NAP from Sagotia racemosa.
Influence of directional positive Darwinian selection-driven evolution on arboviruses Dengue and Zika virulence and pathogenesis.
Oral delivery of single-chain insulin (SCI-59) analog by bacterium-like particles (BLPs) induces oral tolerance and prevents autoimmune diabetes in NOD mice.
Sperm Flagellar 1 Binds Actin in Intestinal Epithelial Cells and Contributes to Formation of Filopodia and Lamellipodia.
RSV testing in the adult; Comments on paper by Drew et al. JCV 117, 2019, pp 27-32.
Cryptosporidiosis and microsporidiosis as causes of diarrhea in kidney and/or pancreas transplant recipients.
Travelling arboviruses: A historical perspective.
Development of two brain cell lines from goldfish and silver crucian carp and viral susceptibility to Cyprinid herpesivirus-2.
Epidemiological and phylogenetic analysis of rabies virus isolated from humans in Henan province, China.
Transmission of Vaccine-Strain Varicella-Zoster Virus: A Systematic Review.
Pneumococcal Vaccination Strategies Among HIV-infected Adult Patients: A Review of the Literature.
Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) and multidrug-resistant HIV (MDR-HIV) syndemic: challenges in resource limited setting.
HIV Rebound Is Predominantly Fueled by Genetically Identical Viral Expansions from Diverse Reservoirs.
Hard ticks and tick-borne pathogens in Mongolia-A review.
Challenges and Prospects of Chimeric Antigen Receptor T-cell Therapy for Metastatic Prostate Cancer.
Ebola virus disease and breastfeeding: time for attention.
Human metapneumovirus prevalence and patterns of subgroup persistence identified through surveillance of pediatric pneumonia hospital admissions in coastal Kenya, 2007-2016.
Two Years of Viral Metagenomics in a Tertiary Diagnostics Unit: Evaluation of the First 105 Cases.
Fusogenicity of the Ghana Virus (Henipavirus: Ghanaian bat henipavirus) Fusion Protein is Controlled by the Cytoplasmic Domain of the Attachment Glycoprotein.
Converging Fate of the Oxidation and Reduction of 8-Thioguanosine.
Impact of Mycobacterium bovis-induced pathology on interpretation of QuantiFERON -TB Gold assay results in African buffaloes (Syncerus caffer).
PPAR-delta of orange-spotted grouper exerts antiviral activity against fish virus and regulates interferon signaling and inflammatory factors.
Influenza virus seroincidence in a cohort of healthy and high-risk children enrolled in infancy, Bangkok, Thailand.
Identification of a novel antiviral micro-RNA targeting the NS1 protein of the H1N1 pandemic human influenza virus and a corresponding viral escape mutation.
High Level of Hepatitis B Core-related Antigen Associated With Increased Risk of Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Patients With Chronic HBV Infection of Intermediate Viral Load.
Retrospective study, full-length genome characterization and evaluation of viral infectivity and pathogenicity of chimeric porcine deltacoronavirus detected in Vietnam.
Characterization of bluetongue virus serotype 28.
Prevalence of resistance associated substitutions and efficacy of baseline resistance-guided chronic hepatitis C treatment in Spain from the GEHEP-004 cohort.
Direct auditory cortical input to the lateral periaqueductal gray controls sound-driven defensive behavior.
Epidemiologic and Molecular Study of EVs in Hospitalized Children With Severe Acute Respiratory Infection.
Gold Nanoclusters-Mediated Efficient Delivery of Cas9 Protein through pH-Induced Assembly-Disassembly for Inactivation of Virus Oncogenes.
Evolution and biological significance of flaviviral elements in the genome of the arboviral vector Aedes albopictus.
Sexually transmitted hepatitis C virus infections: current trends, and recent advances in understanding the spread in men who have sex with men.
Antibody and DNA sensing pathways converge to activate the inflammasome during primary human macrophage infection.
High-frequency mutation and recombination are responsible for the emergence of novel porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus in northwest China.
Chichen type III interferon produced by silkworm bioreactor induces ISG expression and restricts ALV-J infection in vitro.
Association between Herpes Zoster and Osteoporosis: A Nested Case-Control Study Using a National Sample Cohort.
Transarterial Chemoembolization (TACE) Combined with Sorafenib in Treatment of HBV Background Hepatocellular Carcinoma with Portal Vein Tumor Thrombus: A Propensity Score Matching Study.
The effects of the use of platelet-rich plasma gel on local recurrence in an animal model of human fibrosarcoma.
Estimating the immunogenicity of measles-rubella vaccination administered during a mass campaign in Lao People \' s Democratic Republic using multi-valent seroprevalence data.
Analysis of recombinant adeno-associated viral vector shedding in sheep following intracoronary delivery.
Viral priming of cell intrinsic innate antiviral signaling by the unfolded protein response.
Near-Full-Length Genome Sequence of a Foot-and-Mouth Disease Virus of Serotype Southern African Territories 2 Isolated from Nigeria in 2014.
Nearly Complete Genome Sequence of a Novel Phlebovirus-Like Virus Detected in a Human Plasma Sample by High-Throughput Sequencing.
Nearly Complete Genome Sequences of Enterovirus 96 and Enterovirus 99 Strains Isolated in the Northern Region of Brazil.
Multifaceted HIV integrase functionalities and therapeutic strategies for their inhibition.
Kaposi Sarcoma Updates.
Updates on Merkel Cell Carcinoma.
CD8 Encephalitis in a treatment-naive and a virologically-suppressed patient with HIV.
Apatinib for Patients With Sorafenib-Refractory Advanced Hepatitis B Virus Related Hepatocellular Carcinoma: Results of a Pilot Study.
Analysis of Cellular Activity Short-Term Exposure to Cobalt and Chromium Ions in Mature Human Osteoblasts.
Viral Metagenomics in the Clinical Realm: Lessons Learned from a Swiss-Wide Ring Trial.
Contemporary Strategies and Current Trends in Designing Antiviral Drugs against Dengue Fever via Targeting Host-Based Approaches.
A Single Dose of Modified Vaccinia Ankara Expressing Lassa Virus-like Particles Protects Mice from Lethal Intra-cerebral Virus Challenge.
MMP14 in Sarcoma: A Regulator of Tumor Microenvironment Communication in Connective Tissues.
CRISPR/Cas9 Editing of the Polyomavirus Tumor Antigens Inhibits Merkel Cell Carcinoma Growth In Vitro.
Elevated fatty liver index as a risk factor for all-cause mortality in HIV-HCV co-infected patients (ANRS CO13 HEPAVIH cohort study).
Virus- and Interferon Alpha-Induced Transcriptomes of Cells from the Microbat Myotis daubentonii.
Vaccine adjuvant activity of emulsified oils from species of the Pinaceae family.
Protoberberine compounds extracted from Chelidonium majus L. as novel natural photosensitizers for cancer therapy.
IFN-lambda3 as a host immune response in acute hepatitis E virus infection.
Phylogenetic analysis of West Nile virus in Quebec, Canada, 2004-2016: Co-circulation of distinct variants harbouring conserved amino acid motifs in North America.
LASSA FEVER IN PREGNANCY WITH A POSITIVE MATERNAL AND FETAL OUTCOME: A CASE REPORT.
Association of TLR2 Gene Polymorphisms with Presumed Viral-Induced Anterior Uveitis in male Han Chinese.
Herpes Simplex Esophagitis in Immunocompetent Patients: A Rare But Easily Managed Condition.
The mutation of Transportin 3 gene that causes limb girdle muscular dystrophy 1F induces protection against HIV-1 infection.
Selective pressure: Rise of the nonencapsulated pneumococcus.
Dermal and muscle fibroblasts and skeletal myofibers survive chikungunya virus infection and harbor persistent RNA.
Comparison of knowledge of HIV status and treatment coverage between non-citizens and citizens: Botswana Combination Prevention Project (BCPP).
Sindbis virus polyarthritis outbreak signalled by virus prevalence in the mosquito vectors.
Rickettsial infections of the central nervous system.
Effect of acyclovir solid lipid nanoparticles for treatment of Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV) infection in an animal model of HSV-1 infection.
Results From a First-in-Human Study of BNZ-1, a Selective Multicytokine Inhibitor Targeting Members of the Common Gamma (gammac) Family of Cytokines.
Parvovirus B19 infection presenting with neutropenia and thrombocytopenia: Three case reports.
Mortality risk factors in children with severe influenza virus infection admitted to the pediatric intensive care unit.
Prevalence and Pattern of Human Immunodeficiency Virus-Associated Nephropathy among Human Immunodeficiency Virus-Positive Children at the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital, Nigeria.
Estimating the seroprevalence of chikungunya virus exposure in Shimoga district, Karnataka state: A hospital-based study during 2014-2018.
Short hairpin RNAs targeting M and N genes reduce replication of porcine deltacoronavirus in ST cells.
Assessing circovirus gene flow in multiple spill-over events.
Direct-acting antivirals in East Asian hepatitis C patients: real-world experience from the REAL-C Consortium.
Does Biotechnology Pose New Catastrophic Risks?
[Rhinoviruses].
Branched mannans from the mushroom Cantharellus cibarius enhance the anticancer activity of natural killer cells against human cancers of lung and colon.
Geospatial epidemiology of hepatitis C infection in Egypt 2017 by governorate.
Correction to: Lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus meningitis after needlestick injury: a case report.
The nonstructural protein 11 of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus induces STAT2 degradation to inhibit interferon signaling.
A recombinant HCV genotype 1a E1/E2 envelope glycoprotein vaccine elicits antibodies that differentially neutralize closely related 2a strains through interactions of the N-terminal hypervariable region 1 of E2 with scavenger receptor B1.
Breast tumor-associated metalloproteases restrict reovirus oncolysis by cleaving the sigma1 cell-attachment protein, and can be overcome by mutation of sigma1.
Interference with SAMHD1 restores late gene expression of modified vaccinia virus Ankara (MVA) in human dendritic cells and abrogates type I interferon expression.
In vivo dynamics of reporter Flaviviridae viruses.
Limited sustained response after stopping nucleos(t)ide analogues in patients with chronic hepatitis B: results from a randomised controlled trial (Toronto STOP study).
A vaccine-induced gene expression signature correlates with protection against SIV and HIV in multiple trials.
Cryo-EM structure of pleconaril-resistant rhinovirus-B5 complexed to the antiviral OBR-5-340 reveals unexpected binding site.
Enterovirus, parechovirus, adenovirus and herpes virus type 6 viraemia in fever without source.
Stable distinct core eukaryotic viromes in different mosquito species from Guadeloupe, using single mosquito viral metagenomics.
The eye in dengue fever, a rarely appreciated aspect of dengue expanded syndrome: a case report.
Incidence of respiratory syncytial virus infection in children with congenital heart disease undergoing immunoprophylaxis with palivizumab in Para state, north region of Brazil.
Respiratory Syncityal Virus A and B: three bronchiolitis seasons in a third level hospital in Italy.
Detection of Candidatus Neoehrlichia mikurensis in Norway up to the northern limit of Ixodes ricinus distribution using a novel real time PCR test targeting the groEL gene.
Long-Term Immunogenicity and Efficacy of the Oral Rabies Virus Vaccine Strain SPBN GASGAS in Foxes.
A sensitive and rapid RNA silencing suppressor activity assay based on alfalfa mosaic virus expression vector.
Failure of Dolutegravir First-Line ART with Selection of Virus Carrying R263K and G118R.
Host cell depletion of tryptophan by IFNgamma-induced Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) inhibits lysosomal replication of Coxiella burnetii.
A single phosphoacceptor residue in BGLF3 is essential for transcription of Epstein-Barr virus late genes.
Cytomegalovirus antigenemia in patients with autoimmune and non-autoimmune diseases in Beijing: A 10-year single hospital experience.
The viral load monitoring cascade in a resource-limited setting: A prospective multicentre cohort study after introduction of routine viral load monitoring in rural Lesotho.
Comparative in silico study of congocidine congeners as potential inhibitors of African swine fever virus.
Career thoughts and recollections: 50 years of publishing in the Journal of General Virology.
[Viral etiology of severe acute respiratory infections in a pediatric intensive care unit].
Is the brazilian diverse environment is a crib for the emergence and maintenance of exotic arboviruses?
Symmetric Anti-HCV Agents: Synthesis, Antiviral Properties, and Conformational Aspects of Core Scaffolds.
Physicochemical Properties Govern the Activity of Potent Antiviral Flavones.
Insights into the ZIKV NS1 Virology from Different Strains through a Fine Analysis of Physicochemical Properties.
Induction of Immune Response in Animal Model Using Recombinant Anti-NDV Vaccine.
Sphingomyelin Breakdown in T Cells: Role of Membrane Compartmentalization in T Cell Signaling and Interference by a Pathogen.
Peg-interferon Plus Ribavirin Combination Therapy in HCV Mono-infected and HCV/HIV Co-infected Patients in Iran.
The molecular epidemiology of respiratory viruses in military trainees in Iran.
Characteristics of an Outpatient Cohort with HBeAg-Negative Chronic Hepatitis B.
Crystal Structure of Refolding Fusion Core of Lassa Virus GP2 and Design of Lassa Virus Fusion Inhibitors.
Typical and Atypical Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli Are Both Virulent in the Galleria mellonella Model.
Hepatitis E in pig-derived food products in Cape Town, South Africa, 2014.
Hepatitis E virus in patients with acute hepatitis in Cape Town, South Africa, 2011.
Are Viruses and Parasites linked to Celiac Disease? A question that still has no definite answer.
Hepatitis B virus infection as a risk factor for chronic kidney disease.
HARVARD HIV AND AGING WORKSHOP: PERSPECTIVES AND PRIORITIES FROM CLAUDE D. PEPPER CENTERS AND CENTERS FOR AIDS RESEARCH.
Human papillomavirus type 197 is not associated with skin tumors.
High prevalence of urogenital infection/inflammation in patients with azoospermia does not impede surgical sperm retrieval.
Plasma circular RNA panel to diagnose hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma: A large-scale, multicenter study.
Complete genome sequence of a novel reassortant H3N3 avian influenza virus.
Bovine coronavirus in Uruguay: genetic diversity, risk factors and transboundary introductions from neighboring countries.
Pepper mild mottle virus in wastewater in Egypt: a potential indicator of wastewater pollution and the efficiency of the treatment process.
[Coronaviruses as the cause of respiratory infections].
Therapeutic strategies for hepatitis B virus infection: towards a cure.
Revisiting the genetic diversity of emerging hantaviruses circulating in Europe using a pan-viral resequencing microarray.
SerpinB2 inhibits migration and promotes a resolution phase signature in large peritoneal macrophages.
Comprehensive in vitro characterization of PD-L1 small molecule inhibitors.
ZIKV infection induces robust Th1-like Tfh cell and long-term protective antibody responses in immunocompetent mice.
Therapeutic blockade of activin-A improves NK cell function and antitumor immunity.
SMAC mimetics throw a molecular switch to control TH17 responses.
Analysis of human cGAS activity and structure.
Molecular aspects of the teratogenesis of rubella virus.
Molecular characterization of bovine leukemia virus reveals existence of genotype 4 in Chinese dairy cattle.
Genome-wide association analysis and accuracy of genome-enabled breeding value predictions for resistance to infectious hematopoietic necrosis virus in a commercial rainbow trout breeding population.
Contribution of Streptokinase-Domains from Groups G and A (SK2a) Streptococci in Amidolytic/Proteolytic Activities and Fibrin-Dependent Plasminogen activation: A Domain-Exchange Study
Effect of aloin on viral neuraminidase and hemagglutinin-specific T cell immunity in acute influenza.
Scalable, semi-automated fluorescence reduction neutralization assay for qualitative assessment of Ebola virus-neutralizing antibodies in human clinical samples.
Molecular Plant-Plum pox virus interactions.
Seroprevalence, geographical distribution, and risk factors of peste des petits ruminants in the Republic of Chad.
Mapping person-to-person variation in viral mutations that escape polyclonal serum targeting influenza hemagglutinin.
IgG and IgM responses to human papillomavirus L1 virus-like particle as a function of dosing schedule and vaccine formulation.
Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus-encoded ORF8b strongly antagonizes IFN-beta promoter activation: its implication for vaccine design.
Complete genome analysis of a novel temperate bacteriophage induced from Corynebacterium striatum.
Molecular and biological characterization of a putative new sobemovirus infecting Physalis peruviana.
Occurrence of autophagy during pioneer root and stem development in Populus trichocarpa.
Early-life factors contributing to type 1 diabetes.
A neural circuit for comorbid depressive symptoms in chronic pain.
Selective deployment of transcription factor paralogs with submaximal strength facilitates gene regulation in the immune system.
Selection on Aedes aegypti alters Wolbachia-mediated dengue virus blocking and fitness.
Precision mouse models with expanded tropism for human pathogens.
Excessive CD11c+Tbet+ B cells promote aberrant TFH differentiation and affinity-based germinal center selection in lupus.
Identification of novel bacteriophages with therapeutic potential targeting Enterococcus faecalis.
Human cytomegalovirus pneumonia in an immunocompetent patient: a very uncommon but treatable condition.
Brainstem encephalitis caused by Coxsackie A16 virus in a rituximab-immunosuppressed patient.
The respiratory microbiota: associations with influenza symptomatology and viral shedding.
Self-collected versus clinician-collected samples for HSV-2 and HSV-2/HPV screening in HIV-infected and -uninfected women in the Tapajos region, Amazon, Brazil.
Diagnostic Performance of microRNA-122 and microRNA-224 in Hepatitis C Virus-Induced Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC).
A Qualitative Study of Parental Knowledge and Perceptions of Human Papillomavirus and Cervical Cancer Prevention in Rural Central Java, Indonesia: Understanding Community Readiness for Prevention Interventions.
The Utility of Urine-Based Sampling for Cervical Cancer Screening in Low-Resource Settings.
The Investigation of Drug Resistance Substitutions in NS3 Protease Sequence of Hepatitis C Virus from Non-Responder Patients.
Human Cytomegalovirus DNA among Women with Breast Cancer.
Association between Hepatitis B Surface Antigen Levels and the Risk of Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Patients with Chronic Hepatitis B Infection: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Immunogenicity and Protection Efficacy of a Naked Self-Replicating mRNA-Based Zika Virus Vaccine.
Environmental Surveillance of Polioviruses in Armenia, Colombia before Trivalent Oral Polio Vaccine Cessation.
Phylogenetically Defined Isoforms of Listeria monocytogenes Invasion Factor InlB Differently Activate Intracellular Signaling Pathways and Interact with the Receptor gC1q-R.
The Role of Reference Materials in the Research and Development of Diagnostic Tools and Treatments for Haemorrhagic Fever Viruses.
Chikungunya Virus and (Re-) Emerging Alphaviruses.
Nitrogen-doped porous carbon-based fluorescence sensor for the detection of ZIKV RNA sequences: fluorescence image analysis.
One-step detection of human papilloma viral infection using quantum dot-nucleotide interaction specificity.
Ultrasensitive immunoassay for detection of Citrus tristeza virus in citrus sample using disposable microfluidic electrochemical device.
Hepatitis E virus in hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients: A systematic review.
Effect of FMD vaccination schedule of dams on the level and duration of maternally derived antibodies.
Interleukin-21 enhances the antibody avidity elicited by DNA prime and MVA boost vaccine.
Elimination of infectious HIV DNA by CRISPR-Cas9.
Mesoscale model of the assembly and cross-linking of HPV virus-like particles.
Antiviral activity of seselin from Aegle marmelos against nuclear polyhedrosis virus infection in the larvae of silkworm, Bombyx mori.
Acute retinal necrosis: virological features using quantitative PCR, therapeutic management, and clinical outcomes.
Protective HLA alleles are associated with reduced LPS levels in acute HIV infection with implications for immune activation and pathogenesis.
Macropinocytosis dependent entry of Chikungunya virus into human muscle cells.
Development and application of a reverse transcription real-time PCR (RT-qPCR) and droplet digital PCR (RT-ddPCR) assays for the direct detection of Potato mop top virus in soil.
A Report of Zika Virus Seroprevalence in Republic of the Congo.
Computationally Optimized Broadly Reactive Vaccine Based Upon Swine H1N1 Influenza Hemagglutinin Sequences Protects against both Swine and Human Isolated Viruses.
Myths in the laboratory diagnosis of HIV infection.
A commentary on  \' A systematic review examining the association between body image and infant feeding methods (breastfeeding vs. bottle-feeding) \' .
Chemo-Enzymatic Total Synthesis of Sorbicatechol Structural Analogs and Evaluation of Their Anti-Viral Potential.
Targeting B7-1 in immunotherapy.
Capsid-CPSF6 interaction: Master regulator of nuclear HIV-1 positioning and integration.
The herpes simplex virus 1 Us3 kinase is involved in assembly of membranes needed for viral envelopment and in distribution of glycoprotein K.
Acceptability of HIV self-testing in African students: a cross-sectional survey in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Memory CD8+ T Cell Protection From Viral Reinfection Depends on Interleukin-33 Alarmin Signals.
Dynamics and Differences in Systemic and Local Immune Responses After Vaccination With Inactivated and Live Commercial Vaccines and Subsequent Subclinical Infection With PRRS Virus.
Spatial Environmental Heterogeneity Determines Young Biofilm Assemblages on Microplastics in Baltic Sea Mesocosms.
Surveillance of Culicoides biting midges in northern Honshu, Japan, during the period of Akabane virus spread.
Feline coronavirus isolates from a part of Brazil: insights into molecular epidemiology and phylogeny inferred from the 7b gene.
[Correlation analysis of the prognosis of HPV positive oropharyngeal cancer patients with T cell infiltration and neoantigen load].
Characterization of the viral genomes present in commercial batches of horse serum obtained by high-throughput sequencing.
First detection of tick-borne encephalitis virus in Ixodes ricinus ticks and their rodent hosts in Moscow, Russia.
Structural Basis for Tetherin Antagonism as a Barrier to Zoonotic Lentiviral Transmission.
DNA-Packing Portal and Capsid-Associated Tegument Complexes in the Tumor Herpesvirus KSHV.
The role of soil exposure in asthma prevention during neonatal period.
Baseline and kinetics of serum hepatitis B virus RNA predict response to pegylated interferon-based therapy in patients with hepatitis B e antigen-negative chronic hepatitis B.
Characterization of Norovirus and Other Human Enteric Viruses in Sewage and Stool Samples Through Next-Generation Sequencing.
EFFECT OF COMMUNITY TREATMENT INITIATIVE ON ANTIRETROVIRAL THERAPY UPTAKE AMONG LINKAGE - RESISTANT PLHIV IN NORTHERN NIGERIA.
Identification and characterization of a novel subtype of Tula virus in Microtus arvalis obscurus voles sampled from Xinjiang, China.
Two-drug regimens with dolutegravir plus rilpivirine or lamivudine in HIV-1 treatment-naive, virologically-suppressed patients: latest evidences from the literature on their efficacy and safety.
Moving towards hepatitis B elimination in Gulf Health Council states: From commitment to action.
Antibacterial and antifungal activity of defensins from the Australian paralysis tick, Ixodes holocyclus.
Targeted juglone blocks the invasion and metastasis of HPV-positive cervical cancer cells.
Phlebovirus seroprevalence in Austrian Army personnel returning from missions abroad.
A point mutation to the long terminal repeat of bovine leukemia virus related to viral productivity and transmissibility.
Respiratory specimens and the diagnostic accuracy of Aspergillus lateral flow assays (LFA-IMMY ): real-life data from a multicentre study.
Leveraging the Global Influenza Surveillance and Response System for global respiratory syncytial virus surveillance-opportunities and challenges.
Role of flagellar hydrogen bonding in Salmonella motility and flagellar polymorphic transition.
Direct Observation of the Formation and Dissociation of Double-Stranded DNA Containing G-Quadruplex/i-Motif Sequences in the DNA Origami Frame Using High-Speed AFM.
Calcium channel blockers reduce severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome virus (SFTSV) related fatality.
HIV-1 DNA-capture-seq is a useful tool for the comprehensive characterization of HIV-1 provirus.
Development of a SFTSV DNA vaccine that confers complete protection against lethal infection in ferrets.
Silent damage? Occult HCV replication and histological disease may occur following apparent HCV clearance.
Patient characteristics and analgesic efficacy of antiviral therapy in postherpetic neuralgia.
Diagnosing enterovirus meningitis via blood transcriptomics: an alternative for lumbar puncture?
Development of a real-time loop-mediated isothermal amplification assay for detection of porcine circovirus 3.
Trend of HIV transmitted drug resistance before and after implementation of HAART regimen restriction in the treatment of HIV-1 infected patients in southern Taiwan.
Antiviral Activity of Exopolysaccharides Produced by Lactic Acid Bacteria of the Genera Pediococcus, Leuconostoc and Lactobacillus against Human Adenovirus Type 5.
Immunoregulatory Functions of the IL-12 Family of Cytokines in Antiviral Systems.
Chronic Hepatitis E Virus Infection during Lymphoplasmacytic Lymphoma and Ibrutinib Treatment.
Agrobacterium-Mediated Gene Transient Overexpression and Tobacco Rattle Virus (TRV)-Based Gene Silencing in Cassava.
Cyprinid herpesvirus 3 Evolves In Vitro through an Assemblage of Haplotypes that Alternatively Become Dominant or Under-Represented.
Reliable and Standardized Animal Models to Study the Pathogenesis of Bluetongue and Schmallenberg Viruses in Ruminant Natural Host Species with Special Emphasis on Placental Crossing.
Benign acute viral myositis in African migrants: A clinical, serological, and pathological study.
Intravoxel incoherent motion diffusion-weighted imaging for oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma: Correlation with human papillomavirus Status.
Animal models for Lassa virus infection.
Intercellular singlet oxygen-mediated bystander signaling triggered by long-lived species of cold atmospheric plasma and plasma-activated medium.
Descriptive Epidemiology of Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever (CCHF) in Afghanistan: Reported Cases to National Surveillance System, 2016-2018.
Phylogenomic and epidemiological insights into two clinical Mycobacterium bovis BCG strains circulating in South Africa.
Efficient pre-catalytic conformational change of reverse transcriptases from SAMHD1 non-counteracting primate lentiviruses during dNTP incorporation.
First report on the transmission of Zika virus by Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti (L.) (Diptera: Culicidae) during the 2018 Zika outbreak in India.
Immuno-modulating properties of Tulathromycin in porcine monocyte-derived macrophages infected with porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus.
Intimate partner violence against women living with and without HIV, and the associated factors in Wolaita Zone, Southern Ethiopia: A comparative cross-sectional study.
Entomological assessment of dengue virus transmission risk in three urban areas of Kenya.
Entomological Investigation of Aedes aegypti In Neighborhoods With Confirmed Human Arbovirus Infection In Puerto Rico.
Dual-Action Pesticide Carrier That Continuously Induces Plant Resistance, Enhances Plant Anti-Tobacco Mosaic Virus Activity, and Promotes Plant Growth.
Ultrasensitive electrochemical genosensor for direct detection of specific RNA sequences derived from avian influenza viruses present in biological samples.
Isolation and identification of a viral haemorrhagic septicaemia virus (VHSV) isolate from wild largemouth bass Micropterus salmoides in China.
Glucocorticoid treatment of suspected organizing pneumonia after H7N9 infection: A case report.
Vaccine Effectiveness against DS-1-Like Rotavirus Strains in Infants with Acute Gastroenteritis, Malawi, 2013-2015.
Fatal Case of Lassa Fever, Bangolo District, Cote d \' Ivoire, 2015.
Use of Human Intestinal Enteroids to Detect  : Human Norovirus Infectivity.
Bourbon Virus in Wild and Domestic Animals, Missouri, USA, 2012-2013.
Anti-viral effects of superpositively charged mutant of green fluorescent protein.
HIV-1 DNA decay is faster in children who initiate ART shortly after birth than later.
Antitumour effect of glucooligosaccharides obtained via hydrolysis of alpha-(1   3)-glucan from Fomitopsis betulina.
Assays with recombinant soluble isoforms of DC-SIGN, a dengue virus ligand, show variation in their ability to bind to mannose residues.
Exposure to watermelon bud necrosis virus and groundnut bud necrosis virus alters the life history traits of their vector, Thrips palmi (Thysanoptera: Thripidae).
Myeloid Derived Suppressor Cells Expansion Persists After Early ART and May Affect CD4 T Cell Recovery.
Maintenance of Functional CD57+ Cytolytic CD4+ T Cells in HIV+ Elite Controllers.
Molecular characterization of para-aminosalicylic acid resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis clinical isolates in southwestern China.
Novel purine thioglycoside analogs: synthesis, nanoformulation and biological evaluation in in vitro human liver and breast cancer models.
The efficacy of binary ethylenimine-inactivated vaccines of Gianyar-1/AK/2014 virulent strain in protecting chickens against Tabanan-1/ARP/2017 virulent Newcastle disease virus isolates.
Nearly Complete Genome Sequences of Human Norovirus Belonging to Several Genotypes from Valencia, Spain.
Direct RNA nanopore sequencing of full-length coronavirus genomes provides novel insights into structural variants and enables modification analysis.
Antenatal screening for cytomegalovirus infection: to know the chance, the chance to know.
How non-enveloped viruses hijack host machineries to cause infection.
Entry of bunyaviruses into plants and vectors.
Gammaherpesvirus entry and fusion: A tale how two human pathogenic viruses enter their host cells.
Entry of betaherpesviruses.
Common characteristics and unique features: A comparison of the fusion machinery of the alphaherpesviruses Pseudorabies virus and Herpes simplex virus.
Key checkpoints in the movement of plant viruses through the host.
VIBRA trial - Effect of village-based refill of ART following home-based same-day ART initiation vs clinic-based ART refill on viral suppression among individuals living with HIV: protocol of a cluster-randomized clinical trial in rural Lesotho.
Development of high-throughput genotyping method of all 18 HR HPV based on the MALDI-TOF MS platform and compared with the Roche Cobas 4800 HPV assay using clinical specimens.
Clinical validation of the HPVIR high-risk HPV test on cervical samples according to the international guidelines for human papillomavirus DNA test requirements for cervical cancer screening.
Changes in Bemisia tabaci feeding behaviors caused directly and indirectly by cucurbit chlorotic yellows virus.
Integral membrane protein 2A inhibits cell growth in human breast cancer via enhancing autophagy induction.
Genetic diversity and epidemiology of Genogroup II noroviruses in children with acute sporadic gastroenteritis in Shanghai, China, 2012-2017.
Comparison of Sanger sequencing for hepatitis C virus genotyping with a commercial line probe assay in a tertiary hospital.
Persistence of cervical high-risk human papillomavirus in women living with HIV in Denmark - the SHADE.
Tree Lab: Portable genomics for Early Detection of Plant Viruses and Pests in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Glycoprotein YKL-40 Is Elevated and Predicts Disease Severity in Puumala Hantavirus Infection.
Novel class of 7-Oxabicyclo[2.2.1]heptene sulfonamides with long alkyl chains displaying improved estrogen receptor alpha degradation activity.
Microbial findings, sensitivity and outcome in patients with postoperative peritonitis a retrospective cohort study.
Investigating the distribution of HIV-1 Tat lengths present in the Drexel Medicine CARES cohort.
Evaluation of commercially available three dengue rapid diagnostic test kits for diagnosis of acute dengue virus infection at the point-of-care setting in Myanmar.
Effects of the levonorgestrel-containing intrauterine device, copper intrauterine device, and levonorgestrel-containing oral contraceptive on susceptibility of immune cells from cervix, endometrium and blood to HIV-1 fusion measured ex vivo.
Screening for HBV, HCV, HIV and syphilis infections among bacteriologically confirmed tuberculosis prisoners: An urgent action required.
TreeCluster: Clustering biological sequences using phylogenetic trees.
Initial uptake, time to treatment, and real-world effectiveness of all-oral direct-acting antivirals for hepatitis C virus infection in the United States: A retrospective cohort analysis.
Human Papillomavirus-Attributable Cancers - United States, 2012-2016.
Tungsten carbide nanoparticles show a broad spectrum virucidal activity against enveloped and nonenveloped model viruses using a guideline-standardized in vitro test.
Resistance Against Melon Chlorotic Mosaic Virus and Tomato Leaf Curl New Delhi Virus in Melon.
Curcumin decreases epithelial-mesenchymal transition by a Pirin-dependent mechanism in cervical cancer cells.
[Development of drugs on the basis of high-polymeric double-stranded RNA for antiviral and antitumor therapy].
Shift in Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-infected cells in chronic active EBV disease.
Reinforced reasoning in medicine.
Comparison of clinical performance of two high-throughput liquid bead microarray assays, GeneFinder and CareGENE, for cervical screening in the general population.
Development and Evaluation of a Novel Armored RNA Technology Using Bacteriophage Qbeta.
Retinoblastoma binding protein 4 represses HIV-1 long terminal repeat-mediated transcription by recruiting NR2F1 and histone deacetylase.
Factors associated with the composition and diversity of the cervical microbiota of reproductive-age Black South African women: a retrospective cross-sectional study.
Repeated semen exposure decreases cervicovaginal SIVmac251 infection in rhesus macaques.
Synthesis, structure activity relationship and anti-influenza A virus evaluation of oleanolic acid-linear amino derivatives.
Environmental Persistence of Influenza Viruses Is Dependent upon Virus Type and Host Origin.
mSphere of Influence: Resolution of the Structure of an Influenza Virus Polymerase Is a Game Changer.
The HIV-1 antisense protein ASP is a transmembrane protein of the cell surface and an integral protein of the HIV-1 viral envelope.
Murine Leukemia Virus exploits innate sensing by TLR7 in B-1 cells to establish infection and local spread in mice.
Meropenem-induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis in a patient with known type IV penicillin hypersensitivity.
A trip down memory lane with Retrovirology.
Surface display of hirame novirhabdovirus (HIRRV) G protein in Lactococcus lactis and its immune protection in flounder (Paralichthys olivaceus).
Tumor-Infiltrating Leukocyte Composition and Prognostic Power in Hepatitis B- and Hepatitis C-Related Hepatocellular Carcinomas.
Measles Elimination: Identifying Susceptible Sub-Populations to Tailor Immunization Strategies.
Molecular Epidemiology of Dengue in Panama: 25 Years of Circulation.
miR-15/16 Restrain Memory T Cell Differentiation, Cell Cycle, and Survival.
Hantavirus Inhibits TRAIL-Mediated Killing of Infected Cells by Downregulating Death Receptor 5.
The heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein hnRNPM inhibits RNA virus-triggered innate immunity by antagonizing RNA sensing of RIG-I-like receptors.
Glycoprotein G (gG) production profile during infectious laryngotracheitis virus (ILTV) infection.
TSC1/mTOR-controlled metabolic-epigenetic cross talk underpins DC control of CD8+ T-cell homeostasis.
Congenital human cytomegalovirus infection and neurologic diseases in newborns.
Real-life effectiveness and safety of sofosbuvir/velpatasvir/voxilaprevir in hepatitis C patients with previous daa failure.
CRISPR applications in plant virology: virus resistance and beyond.
Synthesis of 4 \' /5 \' -Spirocyclopropanated Uridine and d-Xylouridine Derivatives and Their Activity against the Human Respiratory Syncytial Virus.
Resistance in patients failing integrase strand transfer inhibitors: a call to replace raltegravir with dolutegravir in third-line treatment in South Africa.
Highly efficacious antiviral protection of plants by small interfering RNAs identified in vitro.
Frequency and distribution of HPV genotypes in 800 genital samples of Ecuadorian men and women from the city of Guayaquil.
Genetic and biological characterisation of Zika virus isolates from different Brazilian regions.
Planthopper Transmission of Ramu Stunt Virus, a Tenuivirus Causing the Sugarcane Disease Ramu Stunt, and its Distribution in Papua New Guinea.
Relationship of Circulating Cytomegalovirus Levels Obtained Through Antigenemia Testing and Quantitative PCR Differs Between Children and Adults.
The First Korean Case of Epstein-Barr Virus-positive Natural Killer/T-cell Lymphoma That Progressed From Severe Mosquito Bite Allergy, With Coexistence of Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis.
Assessment of rapid direct E-test on positive blood culture for same-day antimicrobial susceptibility.
The effects of MAPK p38alpha on AZT resistance against reactivating HIV-1 replication in ACH2 cells.
Complete genome sequence of a new bipartite begomovirus infecting tomato in Brazil.
Complete Genome Sequence of a Chlorobenzene Degrader, Pandoraea pnomenusa MCB032.
Molecular mapping of the gene(s) conferring resistance to Soybean mosaic virus and Bean common mosaic virus in the soybean cultivar Raiden.
Molecular characterization and evolutionary dynamics of measles virus sequences isolated from children in Lagos and Ibadan, South Western, Nigeria.
Development of a World Health Organization International Reference Panel for different genotypes of hepatitis E virus for nucleic acid amplification testing.
Strong correlation between the rates of intrinsically antibiotic-resistant species and the rates of acquired resistance in Gram-negative species causing bacteraemia, EU/EEA, 2016.
Viral Sequences Detection by High-Throughput Sequencing in Cerebrospinal Fluid of Individuals with and without Central Nervous System Disease.
Specificity of Morbillivirus Hemagglutinins to Recognize SLAM of Different Species.
Apoptosis Induction by Pseudorabies Virus via Oxidative Stress and Subsequent DNA Damage Signaling.
Associations Between Subcutaneous Fat Density and Systemic Inflammation Differ by HIV Serostatus and Are Independent of Fat Quantity.
Mammalian pathogenicity and transmissibility of a reassortant Eurasian avian-like A(H1N1v) influenza virus associated with human infection in China (2015).
Comparative proteomic investigation of Marsupenaeus japonicus hepatopancreas challenged with Vibrio parahaemolyticus and white spot syndrome virus.
First confirmed case of local human rabies in Saudi Arabia.
Top Research Priorities in Healthcare-Associated Infections in the United Kingdom.
Lack of evidence for long term carriers of African swine fever virus - a systematic review.
Successful establishment of a reverse genetic system for QX-type infectious bronchitis virus and technical improvement of the rescue procedure.
First report of border disease virus in Melophagus ovinus (sheep ked) collected in Xinjiang, China.
Identification of anti-flaviviral drugs with mosquitocidal and anti-Zika virus activity in Aedes aegypti.
Association between EGFR expression and clinical outcome of laryngeal HPV squamous cell carcinoma.
The molecular mechanism underlying GABAergic dysfunction in nucleus accumbens of depression-like behaviours in mice.
Development and evaluation of human T-cell leukemia virus-1 and -2 multiplex quantitative PCR.
Prevalence of rotavirus and human bocavirus in immunosuppressed individuals after renal transplantation in the Northern Region of Brazil.
Hepatitis C virus genotype affects survival in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
Prevalence and associated risk factors of peripheral artery disease in virologically suppressed HIV-infected individuals on antiretroviral therapy in Kwara state, Nigeria: a cross sectional study.
Comparison of viral and epidemiological profiles of hospitalized children with severe acute respiratory infection in Beijing and Shanghai, China.
De novo profiling of RNA viruses in Anopheles malaria vector mosquitoes from forest ecological zones in Senegal and Cambodia.
Suggested parameters to setup Y chromosome microsatellites markers as prostate cancer genetic risk indicator.
Inventory of molecular markers affecting biological characteristics of avian influenza A viruses.
Breeding parameters on a mink farm infected with Aleutian mink disease virus following the use of methisoprinol.
A novel one-step quantitative reverse transcription PCR assay for selective amplification of hepatitis B virus pregenomic RNA from a mixture of HBV DNA and RNA in serum.
Advances in Visualization Tools for Phylogenomic and Phylodynamic Studies of Viral Diseases.
The first report of Pseudomonas oryzihabitansin infection in a patient with hidradenitis suppurativa.
N-Substituted Pyrrole Derivative 12m Inhibits HIV-1 Entry by Targeting Gp41 of HIV-1 Envelope Glycoprotein.
Evaluation of antigenic differences between wild and Sabin vaccine strains of poliovirus using the pseudovirus neutralization test.
Severe Fever with Thrombocytopenia Syndrome Phlebovirus causes lethal viral hemorrhagic fever in cats.
Electrical pulse-induced electrochemical biosensor for hepatitis E virus detection.
Human cytomegalovirus glycoprotein B variants affect viral entry, cell fusion, and genome stability.
Ankyrin-G induces nucleoporin RanBP2/Nup358 to associate with the axon initial segment of neurons.
Hepatitis C Virus Entry: Protein Interactions and Fusion Determinants Governing Productive Hepatocyte Invasion.
The altered gut virome community in rhesus monkeys is correlated with the gut bacterial microbiome and associated metabolites.
Phylogenetic evidence of a novel lineage of canine pneumovirus and a naturally recombinant strain isolated from dogs with respiratory illness in Thailand.
Establishment and evaluation of a PRRSV-sensitive porcine endometrial epithelial cell line by transfecting SV40 large T antigen.
Prior hepatitis B virus infection as a co-factor of chronic hepatitis C patient survival after resection of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Current Perspective on HPV-Associated Oropharyngeal Carcinomas and the Role of p16 as a Surrogate Marker of High-Risk HPV.
Paint particles are a distinct and variable substrate for marine bacteria.
Phyllanthus emblica fruit extract stabilized biogenic silver nanoparticles as a growth promoter of wheat varieties by reducing ROS toxicity.
HPV16-transformed human keratinocytes depend on SIX1 expression for proliferation and HPV E6/E7 gene expression.
Single-cell RNA sequencing reveals cell type-specific HPV expression in hyperplastic skin lesions.
Host Src controls gallid alpha herpesvirus 1 intercellular spread in a cellular fatty acid metabolism-dependent manner.
The global magnitude of metabolic syndrome among antiretroviral therapy (ART) exposed and ART-naive adult HIV-infected patients in gedio-zone, southern Ethiopia: Comparative cross-sectional study, using the Adult Treatment Panel III criteria.
Design, synthesis of oleanolic acid-saccharide conjugates using click chemistry methodology and study of their anti-influenza activity.
Diversity of human parechovirus in infants and children with acute gastroenteritis in Japan during 2014-2016.
Variable performance of different commercial systems for testing carbapenem susceptibility of KPC carbapenemase-producing Escherichia coli.
Structure of the Centromere Binding Factor 3 Complex from Kluyveromyces lactis.
Adenovirus early region 3 RIDalpha protein limits NFkappaB signaling through stress-activated EGF receptors.
Latency reversal agents affect differently the latent reservoir present in distinct CD4+ T subpopulations.
Antimicrobial activity of Mycobacteriophage D29 Lysin B during Mycobacterium ulcerans infection.
A need for implementation science to optimise the use of evidence-based interventions in HIV care: A systematic literature review.
Characterising antibody kinetics from multiple influenza infection and vaccination events in ferrets.
Mechanism for APOBEC3G catalytic exclusion of RNA and non-substrate DNA.
Evolving by deleting: patterns of molecular evolution of Apple stem pitting virus isolates from Poland.
Long-term culture of human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells enhances the replication of human influenza A viruses.
Discovery and Development of anti-HIV Therapeutic Agents: Progress Towards Improved HIV Medication.
Biphasic regulation of RNA interference during rotavirus infection by modulation of Argonaute2.
Use of TaqMan Array card for the detection of respiratory viral pathogens in children under 5 years old hospitalised with acute medical illness in Ballabgarh, Haryana, India.
Evaluation of dried blood spots as a feasible alternative to plasma for the detection and quantification of hepatitis c virus in a tropical setting: A pilot study.
Genetic characterisation of influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 viruses circulating in Assam, Northeast India during 2009-2015.
Institutional outbreak of varicella in a child welfare institute in Chandigarh, North India.
Molecular studies on dengue viruses detected in patients from Central India.
Development and use of a triplex real-time PCR assay for detection of three DNA viruses in psittacine birds.
Reliable detection, sequencing, and transfection of foot-and-mouth disease virus RNA from badly preserved vesicular epithelium.
An update on the treatment of cytomegalovirus infection after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Mortality from suicide among people living with HIV and the general Swiss population: 1988-2017.
Screening for carriage of carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae in settings of high endemicity: a position paper from an Italian working group on CRE infections.
The Relationship between Electrocardiographic Changes and Prognostic Factors in Severely Symptomatic Pulmonary Hypertension.
SMAR1 favors immunosurveillance of cancer cells by modulating calnexin and MHC I expression.
Green approach to phytopathogen: Characterization of lytic bacteriophages of Pseudomonas sp., an etiology of the bacterial blight of pomegranate.
The microRNA pathway is involved in Spodoptera frugiperda (Sf9) cells antiviral immune defense against Autographa californica multiple nucleopolyhedrovirus infection.
Co-circulation of distinct shrew-borne hantaviruses in the far east of Russia.
Traditional Salmonella Typhimurium typing tools (phage typing and MLVA) are sufficient to resolve well-defined outbreak events only.
Cross-resistance to phage infection in Listeria monocytogenes serotype 1/2a mutants.
Evaluation of methods for elution of HEV particles in naturally contaminated sausage, figatellu and pig liver.
Persistence of murine norovirus, bovine rotavirus, and hepatitis A virus on stainless steel surfaces, in spring water, and on blueberries.
Evaluation of porcine gastric mucin assay for detection and quantification of human norovirus in fresh herbs and leafy vegetables.
Concentration of hepatitis A virus in milk using protamine-coated iron oxide (Fe3O4) magnetic nanoparticles.
Current perspectives on the origin theory of juvenile nasopharyngeal angiofibroma.
Seroprevalence of influenza A virus in pigs and low risk of acute respiratory illness among pig workers in Kenya.
Genetic variation in STAT4 is associated with treatment response to pegylated interferon in patients with chronic hepatitis B.
Integrin alpha3 is involved in non-enveloped hepatitis E virus infection.
The synergistic effect between hydrogen peroxide and nitrite, two long-lived molecular species from cold atmospheric plasma, triggers tumor cells to induce their own cell death.
Prognostic Analysis of HCC With HCV Infection Using Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition Gene Profiles.
Repeated pressurization as a potential cause of deterioration in virus removal by aged reverse osmosis membrane used in households.
Efficacy of clarithromycin against H5N1 and H7N9 avian influenza a virus infection in cynomolgus monkeys.
Antiviral activity of ST081006 against the dengue virus.
Sloths host Anhanga virus-related phleboviruses across large distances in time and space.
Molecular Characterization and Phylogenetic Analysis of Enteroviruses and Hepatitis A Viruses in Sewage Samples, Northern Italy, 2016.
Complete genomic sequence of bacteriophage P23: a novel Vibrio phage isolated from the Yellow Sea, China.
Infant Facial Paralysis Associated with Epstein-Barr Virus Infection.
Invasive Pneumococcal Disease in Children \' s Hospitals: 2014-2017.
One-Carbon Metabolism Supports S-Adenosylmethionine and Histone Methylation to Drive Inflammatory Macrophages.
[Individualization of dose and fractionation of radiotherapy for head and neck cancers].
Rapid detection of human herpes virus by next-generation sequencing in a patient with encephalitis.
Relationship between the rs2596542 polymorphism in the MICA gene promoter and HBV/HCV infection-induced hepatocellular carcinoma: a meta-analysis.
Characterization of a novel bat-HKU2-like swine enteric alphacoronavirus (SeACoV) infection in cultured cells and development of a SeACoV infectious clone.
Model of persistent foot-and-mouth disease virus infection in multilayered cells derived from bovine dorsal soft palate.
Tuberculosis antigen-specific T cell responses during the first 6 months of antiretroviral treatment.
FAMoS: A Flexible and dynamic Algorithm for Model Selection to analyse complex systems dynamics.
Occupational swine exposure and Hepatitis E virus, Leptospira, Ascaris suum seropositivity and MRSA colonization in Austrian veterinarians, 2017-2018-A cross-sectional study.
Quantity and quality of antibodies after acellular versus whole cell pertussis vaccines in infants born to mothers who received Tdap during pregnancy: a randomised trial.
Detection and characterization of a novel bat-borne coronavirus in Singapore using multiple molecular approaches.
The global phylogeny of Plum pox virus is emerging.
Brief molecular diagnostic criteria for human cytomegalovirus infection/disease.
Environment changes epistasis to alter trade-offs along alternative evolutionary paths.
A significant upsurge of body mass index in patients with chronic hepatitis C successfully treated with direct-acting antiviral regimens.
Paritaprevir, ritonavir, ombitasvir, and dasabuvir treatment in renal transplant patients with hepatitis C virus infection.
[Biological characteristics of bacteriophages infecting three typic rhizobia of legume].
Enhanced Tropism of Species B1 Adenoviral-Based Vectors for Primary Human Airway Epithelial Cells.
Development of a Human Cytomegalovirus (HCMV)-Based Therapeutic Cancer Vaccine Uncovers a Previously Unsuspected Viral Block of MHC Class I Antigen Presentation.
Temperature Response of Planktonic Microbiota in Remote Alpine Lakes.
IR-enhanced photothermal therapeutic effect of graphene magnetite nanocomposite on human liver cancer HepG2 cell model.
CXCL14 suppresses human papillomavirus-associated head and neck cancer through antigen-specific CD8+ T-cell responses by upregulating MHC-I expression.
Multiple papillomas in oral cavity of a six year old child.
Absence of Nipah virus antibodies in pigs in Mizoram State, North East India.
Cloning, expression &amp; evaluation of potential immunogenic recombinant capsid premembrane protein of West Nile virus.
Initial trends of individual donation nucleic acid testing in voluntary &amp; replacement donors from a tertiary care centre in north India.
Genomic Characterization of an Echovirus 7 Isolate of Southeast Asian Ancestry Recovered from a Child in Nigeria with Acute Flaccid Paralysis.
Resveratrol trimer enhances gene delivery to hematopoietic stem cells by reducing antiviral restriction at endosomes.
Risk factors associated with hepatitis B virus infection among pregnant women attending antenatal clinic at Felegehiwot referral hospital, Northwest Ethiopia, 2018: an institution based cross sectional study.
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 ((HIV-1) subtypes in the northwest region, Cameroon.
Differences in gene expression in whitefly associated with CYSDV-infected and virus-free melon, and comparison with expression in whiteflies fed on ToCV- and TYLCV-infected tomato.
Overview of human rhinovirus immunogenic epitopes for rational vaccine design.
Analytical performance evaluation and enhancement of the ADVIA Centaur  HIV Ag/Ab Combo assay.
In vitro method to evaluate virus competition between BVDV-1 and BVDV-2 strains using the PrimeFlow RNA assay.
Epidemic and evolutionary characteristics of peste des petits ruminants virus infecting Procapra przewalskii in Western China.
A comprehensive characterization of chronic norovirus infection in immunodeficient hosts.
Lipid Droplets Grease Enterovirus Replication.
STING is required for host defense against neuropathological West Nile virus infection.
Dysregulation of M segment gene expression contributes to influenza A virus host restriction.
Prevalence and risk factors for latent tuberculosis infection among healthcare workers in Morocco.
Why isn \' t everyone using the thermotolerant vaccine? Preferences for Newcastle disease vaccines by chicken-owning households in Tanzania.
Influence of chronic exposure to thiamethoxam and chronic bee paralysis virus on winter honey bees.
Inclusion of key populations in clinical trials of new antituberculosis treatments: Current barriers and recommendations for pregnant and lactating women, children, and HIV-infected persons.
Incidence dynamics and investigation of key interventions in a dengue outbreak in Ningbo City, China.
The seasonality of diarrheal pathogens: A retrospective study of seven sites over three years.
Cardiotonic steroids induce vascular fibrosis via pressure-independent mechanism in NaCl-loaded diabetic rats.
Case report: painful exanthems caused by enterovirus D68 in an adolescent.
Hepatitis E infection in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis treated with leflunomide: A case report with emphasis on geoepidemiology.
Cellular RNA hubs: friends and foes of plant viruses.
Evaluation of the Interference of Lipemia and Hemolysis in the Detection Limit of Anti-HIV-1 Antibodies.
Storage and Transportation of "HIV" RNA in Plasma Samples up to 45 C in a Lyophilized Stabilizer.
Distribution of HCV Genotypes in Tianjin, China and Characterization of a Full-Length Viral Genome Representing Subtype 6xa.
Molecular Approach for HIV-1 Replication Inhibition: Assessment of Different siRNAs Targeting Tat and Nef Genes to Effectively Suppress their Expression.
Differences of viral panel positive versus negative by real-time PCR in COPD exacerbated patients.
[Travel Related Fever and Rash: Two Cases of Dengue Fever].
[Detection and Molecular Characterization of Human Adenoviruses from Acute Conjunctivitis Cases].
[Evaluation of the Two Different Real Time Polymerase Chain Reaction Methods Used for BK Virus (BKV) Quantification and BKV Genotype Assignment].
Plasma CXCL10 correlates with HAND in HIV-infected women.
The major oligosaccharyl transferase complex genes are not involved in dengue virus replication in Aedes aegypti mosquitoes.
Eradication of a multi-drug resistant, carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae isolate following oral and intra-rectal therapy with a custom-made, lytic bacteriophage preparation.
CCR5 Inhibitors and HIV-1 Infection.
DABMA: A Derivative of ABMA with Improved Broad-Spectrum Inhibitory Activity of Toxins and Viruses.
Prodrug Activation by a Viral Protease: Evaluating Combretastatin Peptide Hybrids To Selectively Target Infected Cells.
Prevalence of quinolone-resistant uropathogenic Escherichia coli in a tertiary care hospital in south Iran [Response to letter].
Pulmonary deregulation of expression of miR-155 and two of its putative target genes; PROS1 and TP53INP1 associated with gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) administration in rat.
Hepatocellular carcinoma in the post-hepatitis C virus era: Should we change the paradigm?
Consensus on management of hepatitis C virus infection in resource-limited Ukraine and Commonwealth of Independent States regions.
Genetic Determinants of Virulence between Two Foot-and-Mouth Disease Virus Isolates Which Caused Outbreaks of Differing Severity.
Vaccination of macaques with DNA followed by adenoviral vectors encoding SIV gag alone delays infection by repeated mucosal challenge with SIV.
Dengue Virus M Protein Promotes NLRP3 Inflammasome Activation to Induce Vascular Leakage in Mice.
Discovery of novel thrips vector proteins that bind to the viral attachment protein of the plant bunyavirus, tomato spotted wilt virus.
Dominant negative MA-CA fusion protein is incorporated into HIV-1 cores and inhibits nuclear entry of viral preintegration complexes.
Risk of Zika microcephaly correlates with features of maternal antibodies.
HIV status does not have an impact on positron emission tomography-computed tomography (PET-CT) findings or radiotherapy treatment recommendations in patients with locally advanced cervical cancer.
ZIKV Envelope Domain-Specific Antibodies: Production, Purification and Characterization.
In Silico Identification of Novel Aromatic Compounds as Potential HIV-1 Entry Inhibitors Mimicking Cellular Receptor CD4.
Establishment of Primary Transgenic Human Airway Epithelial Cell Cultures to Study Respiratory Virus-Host Interactions.
Greater Efficacy of Black Ginseng (CJ EnerG) over Red Ginseng against Lethal Influenza A Virus Infection.
Serological Screening for Coronavirus Infections in Cats.
Use of Multiplex Polymerase Chain Reaction for Detection of High-Risk Human Papillomavirus Genotypes in Women Attending Routine Cervical Cancer Screening in Harare.
[Development and properties of neutralizing monoclonal antibodies for fusion protein of respiratory syncytial virus.]
[Change of phenotypic properties of escape mutants and readaptants of influenza virus A (H1N1)pdm09 under the influence of selected mutations in the molecule of hemagglutinin.]
[Evolution of pandemic influenza virus A(H1N1)pdm09 in 2009-2016: dynamics of receptor specificity of the first hemagglutinin subunit (HA1).]
Establishment of a seronegative occult infection with an active HBV reservoir enriched of vaccine escape mutations in a vaccinated infant after liver transplant.
Memory CD4 T cell-derived IL-2 synergizes with viral infection to exacerbate lung inflammation.
Midgut barriers prevent the replication and dissemination of the yellow fever vaccine in Aedes aegypti.
Added value of loop-mediated iso-thermal amplification technology (LAMP) technology in real life for the diagnosis of malaria in travelers.
Gene replacement therapy after neuropathy onset provides therapeutic benefit in a model of CMT1X.
Regulation of Positive-Strand Accumulation by Capsid Protein During Brome Mosaic Virus Infection in planta.
Bacterial and Viral Investigations Combined with Determination of Phytoplankton and Algal Biotoxins in Mussels and Water from a Mediterranean Coastal Lagoon (Sardinia, Italy).
The rare enterovirus c99 and echovirus 29 strains in Brazil: potential risks associated to silent circulation.
Variability in the virulence of specific Mycobacterium tuberculosis clinical isolates alters the capacity of human dendritic cells to signal for T cells.
Geographical distribution of primary &amp; secondary dengue cases in India - 2017: A cross-sectional multicentric study.
Emerging/re-emerging viral diseases &amp; new viruses on the Indian horizon.
Molecular and epidemiological characteristics of human Puumala and Dobrava-Belgrade hantavirus infections, Germany, 2001 to 2017.
Use of lentiviral pseudotypes as an alternative to reassortant or Triton X-100-treated wild-type Influenza viruses in the neuraminidase inhibition enzyme-linked lectin assay.
Cellular and viral miRNA expression in polyomavirus BK infection.
The discovery and global distribution of novel mosquito-associated viruses in the last decade (2007-2017).
Probing ligand-receptor bonds in physiologically relevant conditions using AFM.
16/18 genotyping in triage of persistent human papillomavirus infections with negative cytology in the English cervical screening pilot.
RIG-I-like receptors direct inflammatory macrophage polarization against West Nile virus infection.
Gut-associated IgA+ immune cells regulate obesity-related insulin resistance.
Correction for Dauber et al., "The Herpes Simplex Virus 1 vhs Protein Enhances Translation of Viral True Late mRNAs and Virus Production in a Cell Type-Dependent Manner".
Identification of the Cell-Surface Protease ADAM9 as an Entry Factor for Encephalomyocarditis Virus.
Geographical distribution, evaluation of risk of dengue and its relationship with the El Nino Southern Oscillation in an endemic region of Peru between 2004 and 2015.
Co-infection of vvMDV with multiple subgroups of avian leukosis viruses in indigenous chicken flocks in China.
A specific class of infectious agents isolated from bovine serum and dairy products and peritumoral colon cancer tissue.
Impact of Astrocyte Depletion upon Inflammation and Demyelination in a Murine Animal Model of Multiple Sclerosis.
Characteristics of human encephalitis caused by pseudorabies virus: A case series study.
Immune dissociation during acute hepatitis E infection.
Use of molecular crowding for the detection of protein self-association by size-exclusion chromatography.
It \' s complicated!
Emergence and adaptive evolution of Nipah virus.
Aggressive large B-cell lymphoma triggered by a parvovirus B19 infection in a previously healthy child.
Improving the evidence for indicator condition guided HIV testing in Europe: Results from the HIDES II Study - 2012 - 2015.
HPV self-testing for primary cervical cancer screening in Madagascar: VIA/VILI triage compliance in HPV-positive women.
Plasma deconvolution identifies broadly neutralizing antibodies associated with hepatitis C virus clearance.
Biallelic and De Novo Variants in DONSON Reveal a Clinical Spectrum of Cell Cycle-opathies with Microcephaly, Dwarfism and Skeletal Abnormalities.
Incidence of Laboratory Confirmed Zika in Israeli Travelers to Thailand: 2016-2019.
[The architectonics of fetal placental veins in second-trimester cytomegalovirus infection].
Association of Enterovirus D68 with Acute Flaccid Myelitis, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA, 2009-2018.
Characterization of Vibrio cholerae O1 isolates responsible for cholera outbreaks in Kenya between 1975 and 2017.
Patterns of antibody responses to nonviral cancer antigens in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma patients differ by human papillomavirus status.
Molecular detection and genotyping of group A rotavirus in two wastewater treatment plants, Iran.
Imaging aquatic animal cells and associated pathogens by atomic force microscopy in air.
ArdB Protective Activity for Unmodified lambda Phage Against EcoKI Restriction Decreases in UV-Treated Escherichia coli.
Diversity of potentially exploitable pharmacological activities of the highly prized edible medicinal fungus Antrodia camphorata.
Furin-mediated protein processing in infectious diseases and cancer.
Association between bovine leukemia virus proviral load and severity of clinical mastitis.
Development and evaluation of reverse transcription-insulated isothermal PCR assay to detect duck hepatitis A virus type A in liver samples using the POCKIT  system.
Role of Preoperative Viral Load and Presence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma in the Biliary Complications After Liver Transplantation Due to Hepatitis C Virus.
Effect of direct acting antiviral therapy of Chronic Hepatitis C virus on insulin resistance and Type2 DM in Egyptian patients (prospective study).
Social barriers in accessing care by clients who returned to HIV care after transient loss to follow-up.
Teratogenic Rubella Virus Alters the Endodermal Differentiation Capacity of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells.
The Cyclooxigenase-2 Inhibitor Parecoxib Prevents Epidermal Dysplasia in HPV16-Transgenic Mice: Efficacy and Safety Observations.
Counting Oceanians of Non-European, Non-Asian Descent (ONENA) in the South Pacific to Make Them Count in Global Health.
Detection and Molecular Identification of Salmonella Virulence Genes in Livestock Production Systems in South Africa.
Causative Links between Protein Aggregation and Oxidative Stress: A Review.
The Development and Use of Reporter Influenza B Viruses.
Priming and realignment by the influenza a virus RdRp is dependent on the length of the host primers and the extent of base pairing to viral RNA.
Coxsackievirus B Persistence Modifies the Proteome and the Secretome of Pancreatic Ductal Cells.
HIV-1 heterosexual transmission and association with sexually transmitted infections in the era of treatment as prevention.
Characterization of an integrated, endogenous mouse mammary tumor virus-like (MMTV) betaretrovirus genome in a black Syrian hamster (Mesocricetus auratus).
Efficient generation of adenovirus vectors carrying the Clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeat (CRISPR)-CRISPR associated proteins (Cas)12a system by suppressing Cas12a expression in packaging cells.
Monitoring kinetics reveals critical parameters of IgA-dependent granulocyte-mediated anti-tumor cell cytotoxicity.
A Slow and Distended Stomach.
Cytomegalovirus Infection in Pregnancy - Our Experiences.
Evaluation of novel disposable bioreactors on pandemic influenza virus production.
Inducible LGALS3BP/90K activates antiviral innate immune responses by targeting TRAF6 and TRAF3 complex.
Seroprevalence of human T-lymphotropic virus HTLV and its associated factors in donors of a blood bank of Medellin-Colombia, 2014-2018.
Hantavirus host assemblages and human disease in the Atlantic Forest.
Evolutionary dynamics of the H7N9 avian influenza virus based on large-scale sequence analysis.
Avoiding a lumbar puncture may be a rash decision: a case report of varicella-zoster virus-associated radiculopathy in advanced HIV infection.
Homotrimerization Approach in the Design of Thrombospondin-1 Mimetic Peptides with Improved Potency in Triggering Regulated Cell Death of Cancer Cells.
HIGH-RISK HPV testing as the primary screening method in an organized regional screening program for cervical cancer: the value of HPV16 and HPV18 genotyping?
Induced Differentiation of M Cell-like Cells in Human Stem Cell-derived Ileal Enteroid Monolayers.
Human VP8* mAbs neutralize rotavirus selectively in human intestinal epithelial cells.
Noroviruses subvert the core stress granule component G3BP1 to promote viral VPg-dependent translation.
Comparative clinico-pathological assessment of velogenic (sub-genotype VIIi) and mesogenic (sub-genotype VIm) Avian avulavirus 1 in chickens and pigeons.
Occult hepatitis C infections: time to change the defined groups.
Tanshinones: First-in-Class Inhibitors of the Biogenesis of the Type 3 Secretion System Needle of Pseudomonas aeruginosa for Antibiotic Therapy.
Strengthening acute flaccid paralysis surveillance post Ebola virus disease outbreak 2015 - 2017: the Liberia experience.
Molecular Evolutionary Analysis of Potato Virus Y Infecting Potato Based on the VPg Gene.
Identification of transcription factor binding sites on promoter of RNA dependent RNA polymerases (RDRs) and interacting partners of RDR proteins through in silico analysis.
Characterization of avian influenza H5N3 reassortants isolated from migratory waterfowl and domestic ducks in China from 2015 to 2018.
Incidence, risk factors, and outcome of pulmonary invasive fungal disease after respiratory virus infection in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation recipients.
Signaling pathways involved in the T-cell-mediated immunity against Epstein-Barr virus: Lessons from genetic diseases.
Effectiveness of Noninvasive Fibrosis Markers for the Prediction of Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Chronic Hepatitis B and Chronic Hepatitis B+D Induced Cirrhosis.
Update on HSV and VZV infections of the brain.
Long-term wildlife mortality surveillance in northern Congo: a model for the detection of Ebola virus disease epizootics.
Dose-response and transmission: the nexus between reservoir hosts, environment and recipient hosts.
Onward transmission of viruses: how do viruses emerge to cause epidemics after spillover?
Genome sequence analysis of Vibrio parahaemolyticus lytic phage Vp_R1 with a C3 morphotype.
Optimized nested PCR enhances biological diagnosis and phylogenetic analysis of human parvovirus B19 infections.
Merkel Cell Polyomavirus Small T Antigen Induces DNA Damage Response.
Fate, occurrence and potential adverse effects of antimicrobials used for treatment of tuberculosis in the aquatic environment in South Africa.
A conserved histidine in Group-1 influenza subtype hemagglutinin proteins is essential for membrane fusion activity.
Symptom recovery is affected by Cucumber mosaic virus coat protein phosphorylation.
The high genetic similarity between rhinoviruses and enteroviruses remains as a pitfall for molecular diagnostic tools: A three-year overview.
Ultrasensitive and selective detection of Staphylococcus aureus using a novel IgY-based colorimetric platform.
Prevalence, clinical characteristics and outcome of severe primary HIV-1 infection: a prospective cohort study.
Animal Influenza Virus Infections in Humans: A Commentary.
A patent perspective on chikungunya.
Efficacy of Glecaprevir and Pibrentasvir in Patients with Genotype 1 Hepatitis C Virus Infection with Treatment Failure after NS5A Inhibitor Plus Sofosbuvir Therapy.
Different antiviral activities of natural APOBEC3C, APOBEC3G, and APOBEC3H variants against hepatitis B virus.
Pantoea agglomerans P1a lipopolysaccharide: Structure of the O-specific polysaccharide and lipid A and biological activity.
The Function and Therapeutic Potential of Epstein-Barr Virus-Encoded MicroRNAs in Cancer.
The evolution and characterization of influenza A(H7N9) virus under the selective pressure of peramivir.
Fusion of pseudorabies virus glycoproteins to IgG Fc enhances protective immunity against pseudorabies virus.
A viral small terminase subunit (TerS) twin ring pac synapsis DNA packaging model is supported by fluorescent fusion proteins.
Corticolimbic analysis of microRNAs and protein expressions in scopolamine-induced memory loss under stress.
The metabolic regulator small heterodimer partner contributes to the glucose and lipid homeostasis abnormalities induced by hepatitis C virus infection.
High prevalence and genetic diversity of hepatitis B viruses in insectivorous bats from China.
Antibody Therapy for the Control of Viral Diseases: An Update.
APOBEC3 regulates keratinocyte differentiation and expression of Notch3.
KSHV RNA-binding protein ORF57 inhibits P-body formation to promote viral multiplication by interaction with Ago2 and GW182.
Acute Vector-Borne Viral Infection: Zika and MinION Surveillance.
Expression and detection of anti-HBs antibodies after hepatitis B virus infection or vaccination in the context of protective immunity.
Genomic and spatial variability of a European common vole hepevirus.
Variable impact of the hemagglutinin polybasic cleavage site on virulence and pathogenesis of avian influenza H7N7 virus in chickens, turkeys and ducks.
Enhancement of autophagy as a strategy for development of new DNA vaccine candidates against Japanese encephalitis.
Prevalence, Risk Factors, Treatment, and Overall Impact of BK Viremia on Kidney Transplantation.
Effects of La Crosse virus infection on the host-seeking behavior and levels of two neurotransmitters in Aedes triseriatus.
Generation of recombinant MVA-norovirus: a comparison study of bacterial artificial chromosome- and marker-based systems.
Hepatitis C virus genotyping based on Core and NS5B regions in Cameroonian patients.
Extensive immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome in Fingolimod-associated PML: a case report with 7 Tesla MRI data.
A comparison of two PCR protocols for the differentiation of Plasmodium ovale species and implications for clinical management in travellers returning to Germany: a 10-year cross-sectional study.
Peroxisomes in Immune Response and Inflammation.
Identification of Sugarcane Host Factors Interacting with the 6K2 Protein of the Sugarcane Mosaic Virus.
Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Pneumonitis: Cell Tropism, Inflammation, and Immunity.
Virophages of Giant Viruses: An Update at Eleven.
Analysis of IFITM-IFITM Interactions by a Flow Cytometry-Based FRET Assay.
Prevalence and genetic characteristics of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus in central China during 2016-2017: NADC30-like PRRSVs are predominant.
NK-cell post-transplant lymphoproliferative disease with chronic active Epstein-Barr virus infection-like clinical findings.
From squamous intraepithelial lesions to cervical cancer: Circulating microRNAs as potential biomarkers in cervical carcinogenesis.
Metagenomic next-generation sequencing aids the diagnosis of viral infections in febrile returning travellers.
First identification of Sapoviruses in wild boar.
Tumor Microbiome Diversity and Composition Influence Pancreatic Cancer Outcomes.
T-Scan: A Genome-wide Method for the Systematic Discovery of T Cell Epitopes.
The annexin A1/FPR2 signaling axis expands alveolar macrophages, limits viral replication, and attenuates pathogenesis in the murine influenza A virus infection model.
CD8 T cells targeting adapted epitopes in chronic HIV infection promote dendritic cell maturation and CD4 T cell trans-infection.
Mycoviruses in Biological Control: from Basic Research to Field Implementation.
USP49 potently stabilizes APOBEC3G protein by removing ubiquitin and inhibits HIV-1 replication.
Structural basis for AcrVA4 inhibition of specific CRISPR-Cas12a.
[Prospects For the Use of Peptides against Respiratory Syncytial Virus].
Seroepidemiological survey of Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever among high-risk groups in the west of Iran.
Simultaneous zika and dengue serotype-4 viral detection and isolation from a donor plasma unit.
A retrospective study on demographic and clinical characteristics of cutaneous leishmaniasis suspected cases in southern Israel, 2013-2016: Comparison between confirmed and negative cases.
Latex agglutination test for rapid on-site serodiagnosis of Japanese encephalitis in pigs using recombinant NS1 antigen.
Noradrenaline modulates CD4+ T cell priming in rat experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis: a role for the alpha1-adrenoceptor.
Identification and characterization of a novel natural recombinant avian leucosis virus from Chinese indigenous chicken flock.
ATP/ADP modulates gp16-pRNA conformational change in the Phi29 DNA packaging motor.
Detection of Atypical Porcine Pestivirus Genome in Newborn Piglets Affected by Congenital Tremor and High Pre-weaning Mortality.
HLA Upregulation During Dengue Virus Infection Suppresses the Natural Killer Cell Response.
Divergent Peptide Presentations of HLA-A*30 Alleles Revealed by Structures With Pathogen Peptides.
