Morphology and molecular phylogeny of a new marine, sand-dwelling dinoflagellate genus, Pachena (Dinophyceae), with descriptions of three new species.
Aedes aegypti lachesin protein binds to the domain III of envelop protein of Dengue virus-2 and inhibits viral replication.
Ant colony nest networks adapt to resource disruption.
Probiotics, lactic acid bacteria and bacilli: interesting supplementation for aquaculture.
Oxidative stress, biochemical, lipid peroxidation, and antioxidant responses in Clarias gariepinus exposed to acute concentrations of ivermectin.
Development of a sensitive monoclonal antibody-based sandwich ELISA to detect Vip3Aa in genetically modified crops.
Ephemeroptera, Plecoptera and Trichoptera (EPT) functional feeding group responses to fine grain sediment stress in a river in the Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Babylonia spirata (Linnaeus, 1758) on biochemical and nutritional composition levels are altered by Aeromonas hydrophila infection.
The morphological and molecular identification of the tapeworm, Taenia lynciscapreoli, in intermediate and definitive hosts in Poland.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of a series of 2-(((5-akly/aryl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)methyl)thio)-5-alkyl-6-(cyclohexylmethyl)-pyrimidin-4(3H)-ones as potential HIV-1 inhibitors.
Effects of Pest Management Practices on Soil Nematode Abundance, Diversity, Metabolic Footprint and Community Composition Under Paddy Rice Fields.
Social and Reproductive Behavior of Captive Malayan Tapirs \'  (Tapirus indicus): Interactions with Maternal Experience and Environmental Conditions.
Genome Sequences of Three African Swine Fever Viruses of Genotypes I, III, and XXII from South Africa and Zambia, Isolated from Ornithodoros Soft Ticks.
Post-2020 goals overlook genetic diversity.
GGNBP1 ensures proper spermiogenesis in response to stress in mice.
Oxytocin/vasopressin-like neuropeptide signaling in insects.
The anatomy of the skin of the Chinese tree shrew is very similar to that of human skin.
IRF3 and IRF7 contribute to diesel exhaust particles-induced pulmonary inflammation by mediating mTORC1 activation and restraining autophagy in mice.
Multilocus phylogeny of Bornean Bent-Toed Geckos (Gekkonidae: Cyrtodactylus) reveals hidden diversity, taxonomic disarray, and novel biogeographic patterns.
Focusing on the brighter side of Sevoflurane: Realizing true potential of an anesthetic agent as a regulator of cell signaling pathways and microRNAs in different cancers.
Dental and Craniofacial Defects in the Crtap-/- Mouse Model of Osteogenesis Imperfecta Type VII.
Sleep and intrusive memories immediately after a traumatic event in emergency department patients.
Genome-wide Association Study of Creativity Reveals Genetic Overlap With Psychiatric Disorders, Risk Tolerance, and Risky Behaviors.
Flexibility modulates the catalytic activity of a thermostable enzyme: key information from optical spectroscopy and molecular dynamics simulation.
Genomic evidence for two phylogenetic species and long-term population bottlenecks in red pandas.
Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus Infection Alters the Sialome of Ixodes ricinus Ticks During the Earliest Stages of Feeding.
Nomenclatural changes in Centroptella Braasch &amp; Soldan, 1980 (Ephemeroptera, Baetidae).
Labiobaetis Novikova &amp; Kluge in Borneo (Ephemeroptera, Baetidae).
Re-examination of the Chinese record of Opisthotropis maculosa (Squamata, Natricidae), resulting in the first national record of O. haihaensis and description of a new species.
Notes on the leaf insects of the genus Phyllium of Sumatra and Java, Indonesia, including the description of two new species with purple coxae (Phasmatodea, Phylliidae).
Thirty-one new species of the spider genus Leclercera from Southeast Asia (Araneae, Psilodercidae).
Asynchronous carbon sink saturation in African and Amazonian tropical forests.
Egalitarian mixed-species bird groups enhance winter survival of subordinate group members but only in high-quality forests.
Trade-offs between multifunctionality and profit in tropical smallholder landscapes.
Spontaneous adenocarcinoma of the gas gland in Nothobranchius fishes.
Circuit and cellular mechanisms facilitate the transformation from dense to sparse coding in the insect olfactory system.
Morphological, Molecular, and Pathological Appraisal of Hymenolepis nana (Hymenolepididae) Infecting Laboratory Mice (Mus musculus).
Whole genome resequencing of the Iranian native dogs and wolves to unravel variome during dog domestication.
Dropping the Ball? The Welfare of Ball Pythons Traded in the EU and North America.
The genetic program to specify ectodermal cells in ascidian embryos.
Differential toxicities of anionic and nonionic surfactants in fish.
A remarkable new genus and species of Nemourinae (Plecoptera, Nemouridae) from Sichuan, China, with systematic notes on the related genera.
Completing Linnaeus \' s inventory of the Swedish insect fauna: Only 5,000 species left?
Retraction: Epigallocatechin gallate effectively ameliorates fluoride-induced oxidative stress and DNA damage in the liver of rats.
Expanding the CRISPR Toolbox in Culicine Mosquitoes: In Vitro Validation of Pol III Promoters.
Morphology of the male reproductive system of freshwater prawn Macrobrachium carcinus (Decapoda, Caridea): Functional and comparative aspects.
Validating a non-invasive technique for monitoring physiological stress in the samango monkey.
Comparative phylogeographic inference with genome-wide data from aggregated population-pairs.
Occurrence of endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) in river water and sediment of the Mahakam River.
Long-term dietary administration of diethyl phthalate triggers loss of insulin sensitivity in two key insulin target tissues of mice.
Central Pattern Generating Networks in Insect Locomotion.
Anadromy and Marine Habitat Use of Lake Trout (Salvelinus namaycush) From the Central Canadian Arctic.
The role of head-shape and trophic variation in the diversification of the genus Herichthys in sympatry and allopatry.
CNP deficiency causes severe hypomyelinating leukodystrophy in humans.
Maternal effects and urbanization: Variation of yolk androgens and immunoglobulin in city and forest blackbirds.
Contrasting patterns of sexually selected traits in Mediterranean and continental populations of European mouflon.
Sperm storage reduces the strength of the mate-finding Allee effect.
Population structure and genetic diversity of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in Penang as revealed by mitochondrial DNA cytochrome oxidase I.
Evaluation of antidiabetic activity of Pleurotus pulmonarius against streptozotocin-nicotinamide induced diabetic wistar albino rats.
Two human cases associated with forensic insects in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Bioaccumulation of lead nitrate in tissues and its effects on hematological and biochemical parameters of Clarias gariepinus.
Effect of traditionally used herb Pedalium murex L. and its active compound pedalitin on urease expression - For the management of kidney stone.
Mystery deepens over animal source of coronavirus.
Author Correction: Daphnia stressor database: Taking advantage of a decade of Daphnia  \' -omics \'  data for gene annotation.
Nanoscopic X-ray tomography for correlative microscopy of a small meiofaunal sea-cucumber.
Development of genetic quality tests for good manufacturing practice-compliant induced pluripotent stem cells and their derivatives.
Preferential intracellular pH regulation is a common trait amongst fishes exposed to high environmental CO2.
A dot-stripe Turing model of joint patterning in the tetrapod limb.
Genetic diversity, demographic history and neo-sex chromosomes in the Critically Endangered Raso lark.
Rethinking megafauna.
Mixed-species herding levels the landscape of fear.
Common mechanisms activated in the tissues of aquatic and terrestrial animal models after TiO2 nanoparticles exposure.
HossainMolecular epidemiological survey of cutaneous leishmaniasis from Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.
Pre-/analytical factors affecting whole blood and plasma glucose concentrations in loggerhead sea turtles (Caretta caretta).
Functional adaptation rather than ecogeographical rules determine body-size metrics along a thermal cline with elevation in the Chinese pygmy dormouse (Typhlomys cinereus).
Thermoregulatory differences in African mole-rat species from disparate habitats: Responses and limitations.
A Myanmar amber cockroach with protruding feces contains pollen and a rich microcenosis.
A new species of the genus Sinomicrurus (Serpentes: Elapidae) from China and Vietnam.
Skeletal morphology of the lesula (Cercopithecus lomamiensis) and the evolution of guenon locomotor behavior.
Aberrant expression of the UPF1 RNA surveillance gene disturbs keratinocyte homeostasis by stabilizing AREG.
Multitrophic interactions in the rhizosphere microbiome of wheat: from bacteria and fungi to protists.
Life history predicts flight muscle phenotype and function in birds.
Mitigative effects of zinc on cadmium-induced reproductive toxicity in the male freshwater crab Sinopotamon henanense.
Effect of water temperature on cellular stress responses in meagre (Argyrosomus regius).
Cytotoxicity and cell death induced by engineered nanostructures (quantum dots and nanoparticles) in human cell lines.
Relative Insect Frequency and Species Richness on Sun-Exposed and Shaded Rabbit Carrions.
Corrigendum: A new genus and species of Staphylininae rove beetle from the Peruvian Amazon (Coleoptera, Staphylinidae). https://doi.org/10.3897/zookeys.904.48592.
Revision of the Theopea genus group (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae, Galerucinae), part III: Descriptions of two new genera and nine new species.
Ancyronyx clisteri, a new spider riffle beetle species from Borneo, redescription of A. sarawacensis Jach including a description of the larva and new distribution data for A. procerus Jach using DNA barcodes (Coleoptera, Elmidae).
Author Correction: A global database for metacommunity ecology, integrating species, traits, environment and space.
Assessing the role of live poultry trade in community-structured transmission of avian influenza in China.
Potential therapy of vitamin B17 against Ehrlich solid tumor induced changes in Interferon gamma, Nuclear factor kappa B, DNA fragmentation, p53, Bcl2, survivin, VEGF and TNF-alpha Expressions in mice.
Synthesis, characterization and docking studies of amide ligands as anti-leishmanial agents.
Coverage and effectiveness of intermittent preventive treatment in pregnancy with sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (IPTp-SP) on adverse pregnancy outcomes in the Mount Cameroon area, South West Cameroon.
The Influences of Various Housing Systems on Growth, Carcass Traits, Meat Quality, Immunity and Oxidative Stress of Meat-Type Ducks.
Phylogeny of the Subtribe Monoctonina (Hymenoptera, Braconidae, Aphidiinae).
Cool Down-Warm Up: Differential Responses of Stored Product Insects after Gradual Temperature Changes.
Marking Drosophila suzukii (Diptera: Drosophilidae) with Fluorescent Dusts.
Chiral Pyridine-3,5-bis- (L-phenylalaninyl-L-leucinyl) Schiff Base Peptides as Potential Anticancer Agents: Design, Synthesis, and Molecular Docking Studies Targeting Lactate Dehydrogenase-A.
Myrrh Oil in Vitro Inhibitory Growth on Bovine and Equine Piroplasm Parasites and Babesia microti of Mice.
Beta3-Tubulin is Critical for Microtubule Dynamics, Cell Cycle Regulation, and Spontaneous Release of Microvesicles in Human Malignant Melanoma Cells (A375).
Uninterrupted Development of Two Aphid Species Belonging to Cinara Genus during Winter Diapause.
Gametogenesis-Related Fluctuations in Ovothiol Levels in the Mantle of Mussels from Different Estuaries: Fighting Oxidative Stress for Spawning in Polluted Waters.
Exosomes are the Driving Force in Preparing the Soil for the Metastatic Seeds: Lessons from the Prostate Cancer.
Cadmium Uptake, MT Gene Activation and Structure of Large-Sized Multi-Domain Metallothioneins in the Terrestrial Door Snail Alinda biplicata (Gastropoda, Clausiliidae).
Polymer/enzyme-modified HF-etched carbon nanoelectrodes for single-cell analysis.
Relationship between body conditions and environmental contaminants in bovine ovarian cells.
Developmental and Cellular Basis of Vertical Bar Color Patterns in the East African Cichlid Fish Haplochromis latifasciatus.
 \' Remote \'  behavioural ecology: do megaherbivores consume vegetation in proportion to its presence in the landscape?
The complete mitogenome of Arion vulgaris Moquin-Tandon, 1855 (Gastropoda: Stylommatophora): mitochondrial genome architecture, evolution and phylogenetic considerations within Stylommatophora.
Broad similarities in shoulder muscle architecture and organization across two amniotes: implications for reconstructing non-mammalian synapsids.
Exploring abnormal Cambrian-aged trilobites in the Smithsonian collection.
Mosquitoes are not the major culprits for the high burden of malaria in Nigeria: a commentary.
Resistance Evolution Against Antimicrobial Peptides in Staphylococcus aureus Alters Pharmacodynamics Beyond the MIC.
Coenzyme Q10 Activates the Antioxidant Machinery and Inhibits the Inflammatory and Apoptotic Cascades Against Lead Acetate-Induced Renal Injury in Rats.
Stochastic and Arbitrarily Generated Input Patterns to the Mushroom Bodies Can Serve as Conditioned Stimuli in Drosophila.
Growing Up in a Changing Climate: How Temperature Affects the Development of Morphological, Behavioral and Physiological Traits of a Marsupial Mammal.
Identification of markers of depression and neurotoxicity in pesticide exposed agriculture workers.
Transmission of hepatitis C virus in HIV-positive and PrEP-using MSM in England.
Movement ecology and sex are linked to barn owl microbial community composition.
Synthesis of sericin-conjugated silver nanoparticles and their potential antimicrobial activity.
Efficacy of soil-borne Enterobacter sp. for carbofuran degradation: HPLC quantitation of degradation rate.
Detection of low-grade mosaicism and its correlation with hormonal profile, testicular volume, and semen quality in a cohort of Egyptian Klinefelter and Klinefelter-like patients.
Deregulation of cell growth and apoptosis in UV-induced melanomagenesis.
Phytoconstituents as novel osteo-protective agents: Implications in bone health.
Epigenetic alterations in cancer.
Systematic identification of CDC34 that functions to stabilize EGFR and promote lung carcinogenesis.
Shell Colour in Cercozoa; a Simple Trait to Distinguish Thecofilosea from Imbricatea?
On the morphology and evolution of cicadomorphan tymbal organs.
Cunea russae n. sp. (Amoebozoa, Dactylopodida), another cryptic species of Cunea Kudryavtsev and Pawlowski, 2015, inhabits a continental brackish-water biotope.
Assessing the potential of lignin nanoparticles as drug carrier: Synthesis, cytotoxicity and genotoxicity studies.
Hyperbranched poly(beta-amino ester) based polyplex nanopaticles for delivery of CRISPR/Cas9 system and treatment of HPV infection associated cervical cancer.
Cor Triatriatum sinister (Divided Left Atrium): histopathological features and clinical management.
Efficacy of a novel oral chewable tablet containing sarolaner, moxidectin and pyrantel (Simparica Trio ) against natural flea and tick infestations on dogs presented as veterinary patients in Europe.
Field efficacy and safety of a novel oral chewable tablet containing sarolaner, moxidectin and pyrantel (Simparica Trio ) against naturally acquired gastrointestinal nematode infections in dogs presented as veterinary patients in Europe and the USA.
Morphological and molecular investigation on freshwater choanoflagellates (Craspedida, Salpingoecidae) from the River Rhine at Cologne (Germany).
Mangrove blue carbon stocks and dynamics are controlled by hydrogeomorphic settings and land-use change.
Adult hippocampal neurogenesis in Egyptian fruit bats from three different environments: are interpretational variations due to the environment or methodology?
The osteology of the Golden Grey Mullet Liza aurata (Teleostei: Mugiliformes: Mugilidae) including interactive 3D-reconstructions.
Ontogeny of electric organ and electric organ discharge in Campylomormyrus rhynchophorus (Teleostei: Mormyridae).
Potential Roles of Environmental and Socio-Economic Factors in the Distribution of Insecticide Resistance in Anopheles gambiae sensu lato (Culicidae: Diptera) Across Togo, West Africa.
TRAIL receptors are differentially regulated and clinically significant in gallbladder cancer.
Preliminary evaluation of application of a 3-dimensional network structure of siloxanes Dergall preparation on chick embryo development and microbiological status of eggshells.
Expression and secretion of albumin in male turkey (Meleagris gallopavo) reproductive tract in relation to yellow semen syndrome.
Ticks and associated pathogens in camels (Camelus dromedarius) from Riyadh Province, Saudi Arabia.
Development and characterization of novel SSR markers in the endangered endemic species Ferula sadleriana.
What \' s in a whisker? High-throughput analysis of twenty-eight C19 and C21 steroids in mammalian whiskers by ultra-performance convergence chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Phenotypic masquerade: Polymorphism in the life cycle of the centrohelid heliozoan Raphidiophrys heterophryoidea (Haptista: Centroplasthelida).
Spinal cord injury leads to atrophy in pelvic ganglia neurons.
Caloric Restriction Reprograms the Single-Cell Transcriptional Landscape of Rattus Norvegicus Aging.
Non-spatial information on the presence of food elevates search intensity in ant workers, leading to faster maze solving in a process parallel to spatial learning.
Two New Endozoic Ciliates, Clevelandella lynni sp. n. and Nyctotherus galerus sp. n., Isolated from the Hindgut of the Wood-feeding Cockroach Panesthia angustipennis (Illiger, 1801).
Capillary Microscopy in Europeans with Idiopathic Moyamoya Angiopathy.
Publisher Correction: Widespread patterns of gene loss in the evolution of the animal kingdom.
Generation of GGTA1-/-beta2M-/-CIITA-/- Pigs Using CRISPR/Cas9 Technology to Alleviate Xenogeneic Immune Reactions.
Development of epitope-based peptide vaccine against novel Coronavirus 2019 (SARS-COV-2): Immunoinformatics approach.
Whole-chromosome hitchhiking driven by a male-killing endosymbiont.
Complete genome and methylome analysis of Neisseria meningitidis associated with increased serogroup Y disease.
Giant salamanders: Farmed yet endangered.
Identification of targeted therapy options for gastric adenocarcinoma by comprehensive analysis of genomic data.
Ultrastructure and cytochemistry of intrauterine embryonic and larval stages of Ityogonimus lorum (Digenea: Brachylaimidae) involving transitory development of ciliated miracidia.
Novel life history strategy in a deep sea fish challenges assumptions about reproduction in extreme environments.
Captivity-induced metabolic programming in an endangered felid: implications for species conservation.
Lipid content influences division of labour in a clonal ant.
Regenerative responses following DNA damage: beta-catenin mediates head regrowth in the planarian Schmidtea mediterranea.
Detoxification Impacts of Ascorbic Acid and Clay on Laying Japanese Quail Fed Diets Polluted by Various Levels of Cadmium.
Protective Effect of Genistein against Compound 48/80 Induced Anaphylactoid Shock via Inhibiting MAS Related G Protein-Coupled Receptor X2 (MRGPRX2).
Traditional Uses, Bioactive Chemical Constituents, and Pharmacological and Toxicological Activities of Glycyrrhiza glabra L. (Fabaceae).
Efficacy of aerial forward-looking infrared surveys for detecting polar bear maternal dens.
Sonochemical synthesis of novel thermo-responsive polymer and tungsten dioxide composite for the temperature-controlled reversible "on-off" electrochemical detection of beta-Blocker metoprolol.
Presence of immune cells in the regenerating caudal spinal cord of frog tadpoles indicates active immune-surveillance before metamorphosis.
Zygophyllum album saponins prevent atherogenic effect induced by deltamethrin via attenuating arterial accumulation of native and oxidized LDL in rats.
Impacts of metallic trace elements on an earthworm community in an urban wasteland: Emphasis on the bioaccumulation and genetic characteristics in Lumbricus castaneus.
Detection of estrous biomarkers in the body exudates of Kangayam cattle (Bos indicus) from interplay of hormones and behavioral expressions.
Wormcasts produced by three earthworm species (Alma millsoni, Eudrilus eugeniae and Libyodrilus violaceus) exposed to a glyphosate-based herbicide reduce growth, fruit yield and quality of tomato (Lycopersicon esculentum).
Glycyrrhiza glabra (Licorice) root extract attenuates doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity via alleviating oxidative stress and stabilising the cardiac health in H9c2 cardiomyocytes.
Shift of Feeding Mode in an Epizoic Stalked Barnacle Inducing Gall Formation of Host Sea Urchin.
Fucoidan Ameliorates Oxidative Stress, Inflammation, DNA Damage, and Hepatorenal Injuries in Diabetic Rats Intoxicated with Aflatoxin B1.
Aurivillius \' s "Neue oder wenig bekannte ColeopteraLongicornia" (1886-1927), the correct years and page numbers.
A new species of Astreptolabis in mid-Cretaceous amber from northern Myanmar, with the discovery of the first male of Astreptolabidinae (Dermaptera).
Asianopis gen. nov., a new genus of the spider family Deinopidae from Asia.
New distribution records of subterranean crustaceans from cenotes in Yucatan (Mexico).
The impact of conventional and organic farming on soil biodiversity conservation: a case study on termites in the long-term farming systems comparison trials in Kenya.
Lower vitamin D and sex hormone binding globulin levels and higher progesterone, cortisol and t-PA levels in early second trimester are associated with higher risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus.
Individual differences in preference for risky behaviors during courtship.
The distribution, number and certain neurochemical identities of infracortical white matter neurons in the brains of three megachiropteran bat species.
Novel pathways of HIV latency reactivation revealed by integrated analysis of transcriptome and target profile of bryostatin.
Magnetic compass of garden warblers is not affected by oscillating magnetic fields applied to their eyes.
Characterisation of HIV-1 Molecular Epidemiology in Nigeria: Origin, Diversity, Demography and Geographic Spread.
Strategy of Hepatic Metabolic Defects Induced by beclin1 Heterozygosity in Adult Zebrafish.
Phytochemical Characterization and Chemotherapeutic Potential of Cinnamomum verum Extracts on the Multiplication of Protozoan Parasites In Vitro and In Vivo.
Chicken cognin interactome and the memory of filial imprinting.
Hedgehog Signaling Modulates Glial Proteostasis and Lifespan.
The Cancer Microbiome: Distinguishing Direct and Indirect Effects Requires a Systemic View.
The Molecular Docking of Flavonoids Isolated from Daucus carota as a Dual Inhibitor of MDM2 and MDMX.
Multiple risk factors: A challenge in the management of Autism.
Interaction between miRNAs and signaling cascades of Wnt pathway in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Agromyces badenianii sp. nov., isolated from plateau pika (Ochotona curzoniae).
Recent increase of ulcerative lesions caused by Anisakis spp. in cetaceans from the north-east Atlantic.
Ascaris lumbricoides and Ascaris suum vary in their larval burden in a mouse model.
A novel poxvirus isolated from an Egyptian fruit bat in Israel.
Differential gene regulation in selected lines for high and low sperm production in male guppies.
Mitochondrial DNA variation of Nigerian Muscovy duck (Cairina moschata).
Whole-genome sequence analysis of paris virus 1: a novel member of the genus Potyvirus infecting Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis.
Puncture versus capture: which stresses animals the most?
[Mechanisms for establishment of the placental defensive barrier].
[The regulation of gonadal somatic cell differentiation during sex determination in mice].
Slx5p-Slx8p Promotes Accurate Chromosome Segregation by Mediating the Degradation of Synaptonemal Complex Components during Meiosis.
Evolutionary consequences of feedbacks between within-host competition and disease control.
Integrative taxonomy of the genus Dudgeodes Sartori, 2008 (Insecta, Ephemeroptera, Teloganodidae) from the Philippines with description of new species and supplementary descriptions of Southeast Asian species.
Chytrid fungi and global amphibian declines.
Antigenic cross-reactivity between Schistosoma mansoni and allergenic invertebrates putatively due to shared glycanic epitopes.
Combined cardio-protective ability of syringic acid and resveratrol against isoproterenol induced cardio-toxicity in rats via attenuating NF-kB and TNF-alpha pathways.
Publisher Correction: An expression atlas of variant ionotropic glutamate receptors identifies a molecular basis of carbonation sensing.
Age-dependent release of and response to alarm pheromone in a ponerine ant.
Consequences of rapid development due to cohort splitting: just how costly is to hurry?
Use of Nitric Oxide and Hydrogen Peroxide for Better Yield of Wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) under Water Deficit Conditions: Growth, Osmoregulation, and Antioxidative Defense Mechanism.
Comparative Antennal Morphology of Agriotes (Coleoptera: Elateridae), with Special Reference to the Typology and Possible Functions of Sensilla.
Influence of Benz[a]anthracene on Bone Metabolism and on Liver Metabolism in Nibbler Fish, Girella punctata.
Generation of A Triple Insert Live Avian Herpesvirus Vectored Vaccine Using CRISPR/Cas9-Based Gene Editing.
The Effect of Weather Variables on Mosquito Activity: A Snapshot of the Main Point of Entry of Cyprus.
Virus-like particle vaccine displaying Toxoplasma gondii apical membrane antigen 1 induces protection against T. gondii ME49 infection in mice.
The uneven weight distribution between predators and prey: Comparing gut fill between terrestrial herbivores and carnivores.
A centipede toxin causes rapid desensitization of nociceptor TRPV1 ion channel.
Problems with inferring a lack of competition between Rancho La Brea dire wolves and sabertooth cats based on dental enamel.
Alpha oscillations govern interhemispheric spike timing coordination in the honey bee brain.
Mixed company: a framework for understanding the composition and organization of mixed-species animal groups.
Spatial networks differ when food supply changes: Foraging strategy of Egyptian fruit bats.
Contemporary climate change hinders hybrid performance of ecologically dominant marine invertebrates.
Evidence of pathogen-induced immunogenetic selection across the large geographic range of a wild seabird.
A Study On Serological Reactivity Profile Of Different Antigen Preparations With Bancroftian Filariasis Human Infection Sera.
Plant responses to insect eggs are not induced by egg-associated microbes, but by a secretion attached to the eggs.
Combined administration of exogenous melatonin and insulin ameliorates streptozotocin induced toxic alteration on hematological parameters in diabetic male Wistar rats.
Proteomic similarity of the Littorinid snails in the evolutionary context.
DNA barcoding reveals incorrect labelling of insects sold as food in the UK.
Glycerophosphodiester phosphodiesterase 1 (GDE1) acts as a potential tumor suppressor and is a novel therapeutic target for non-mucin-producing colon adenocarcinoma.
Chromatin interaction analyses elucidate the roles of PRC2-bound silencers in mouse development.
Group formation and the evolutionary pathway to complex sociality in birds.
Biodiversity increases multitrophic energy use efficiency, flow and storage in grasslands.
Widespread patterns of gene loss in the evolution of the animal kingdom.
The functional diversity of neutrophils and clustered polarization of immunity.
Author Correction: Hidden diversity in the Brazilian Atlantic rainforest: the discovery of Jurasaidae, a new beetle family (Coleoptera, Elateroidea) with neotenic females.
Dinoflagellates with relic endosymbiont nuclei as models for elucidating organellogenesis.
Dramatic dietary shift maintains sequestered toxins in chemically defended snakes.
A cnidarian parasite of salmon (Myxozoa: Henneguya) lacks a mitochondrial genome.
RNF220/ZC4H2-mediated monoubiquitination of Phox2 is required for noradrenergic neuron development.
The meaning of non-classical estrogen receptors and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor for boar Leydig cell of immature testis.
Author Correction: 547 transcriptomes from 44 brain areas reveal features of the aging brain in non-human primates.
Identification of DNA N6-methyladenine sites by integration of sequence features.
Correction to: Screening and computational analysis of colorectal associated non-synonymous polymorphism in CTNNB1 gene in Pakistani population.
Negative feedback: ants choose unoccupied over occupied food sources and lay more pheromone to them.
Low Host Specialization in the Cuckoo Wasp, Parnopes grandior, Weakens Chemical Mimicry but Does Not Lead to Local Adaption.
A Hierarchical Age-Period-Cohort Analysis of Breast Cancer Mortality and Disability Adjusted Life Years (1990-2015) Attributable to Modified Risk Factors among Chinese Women.
Impact of Targeted Deletion of the Circadian Clock Gene Bmal1 in Excitatory Forebrain Neurons on Adult Neurogenesis and Olfactory Function.
First Insight into Microbiome Profiles of Myrmecophilous Beetles and Their Host, Red Wood Ant Formica polyctena (Hymenoptera: Formicidae)-A Case Study.
3D Chitin Scaffolds of Marine Demosponge Origin for Biomimetic Mollusk Hemolymph-Associated Biomineralization Ex-Vivo.
Natural product library-based screening for discovery of capsid C-terminal domain targeted HIV-1 inhibitors.
Identifying post-marital residence patterns in prehistory: A phylogenetic comparative analysis of dwelling size.
Effects of estradiol and 11-ketotestosterone pre-treatment on artificial induction of maturation in silver female shortfinned eels (Anguilla australis).
Exploration and refinement of migratory routes in long-lived birds.
Biologging Special Feature.
Individual variation creates diverse migratory portfolios in native populations of a mountain ungulate.
Resegmentation is an ancestral feature of the gnathostome vertebral skeleton.
Wood and meat as complementary sources of sodium for Kanyawara chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes).
Ungulate management in European national parks: Why a more integrated European policy is needed.
Life-history strategy varies with the strength of competition in a food-limited ungulate population.
Effects of vineyard inter-row management on the diversity and abundance of plants and surface-dwelling invertebrates in Central Romania.
Revision of the Merodon serrulatus group (Diptera, Syrphidae).
On eight species of jumping spiders from Xishuangbanna, Yunnan, China (Araneae, Salticidae).
Taxonomically Characterized and Validated Bacterial Species Based on 16S rRNA Gene Sequences from India During the Last Decade.
Reconciling Hygiene and Cleanliness: A New Perspective from Human Microbiome.
Interplay of Human Gut Microbiome in Health and Wellness.
Recent Advancements in the Development of Modern Probiotics for Restoring Human Gut Microbiome Dysbiosis.
Chicken Gut Microbiome and Human Health: Past Scenarios, Current Perspectives, and Futuristic Applications.
Microbiome: A New Lease to Microbiology.
Drosophila ananassae: a species characterized by spontaneous male recombination in appreciable frequency.
Interrelationships between metabolic hormones, leptin and ghrelin, and oil-related contaminants in control of oxytocin and prostaglandin F release by feline ovaries.
Expression of Acetylcholine- and G protein coupled Muscarinic receptor in the Neuroepithelial cells (NECs) of the obligated air-breathing fish, Arapaima gigas (Arapaimatidae: Teleostei).
Ecophysiological and life-history adaptations of Gammarus balcanicus (Schaferna, 1922) in a sinking-cave stream from Western Carpathians (Romania).
Forelimb shortening of Carcharodontosauria (Dinosauria: Theropoda): an update on evolutionary anterior micromelias in non-avian theropods.
Effects of chemical fractions from an oil sands end-pit lake on reproduction of fathead minnows.
Investigation on bio-properties and in-vivo antioxidant potential of carrageenans against alloxan induced oxidative stress in Wistar albino rats.
Oxidative stress-mediated genotoxicity of malathion in human lymphocytes.
Retraction notice to "Allethrin-induced genotoxicity and oxidative stress in Swiss albino mice" [MUTGEN 747 (1) (2012) 22-28].
Preparedness and vulnerability of African countries against importations of COVID-19: a modelling study.
Optically active neodymium hydroxide surface-functionalized mesoporous silica micro-cocoons for biomedical applications.
Neofoleyellides boerewors n. gen. n. sp. (Nematoda: Onchocercidae) parasitising common toads and mosquito vectors: morphology, life history, experimental transmission and host-vector interaction in situ.
DNA and eDNA-based tracking of the North African sharptooth catfish Clarias gariepinus.
Open access epidemiological data from the COVID-19 outbreak.
In vitro testicular organogenesis from human fetal gonads produces fertilization-competent spermatids.
From lanceolate to plate-like: Gross morphology, terminology, and evolutionary trends of the trichophoran ovipositor.
Effects of Diet and Intraspecific Scaling on the Viscera of Muraenid Fishes.
The water-hopping kinematics of the tree-climbing fish, Periophthalmus variabilis.
Quantitative analysis of cerebellar morphology in monotreme, metatherian and eutherian mammals.
How flat can a horse be? Exploring 2D approximations of 3D crania in equids.
The interplay between habitat use, morphology and locomotion in subterranean crustaceans of the genus Niphargus.
Parablepharisma (Ciliophora) is not a Heterotrich: A Phylogenetic and Morphological Study with the Proposal of New Taxa.
FastMM: an efficient toolbox for personalized constraint-based metabolic modeling.
Pollen Protein: Lipid Macronutrient Ratios May Guide Broad Patterns of Bee Species Floral Preferences.
Utilization of Optical Flow Algorithms to Monitor Development of Tail Biting Outbreaks in Pigs.
Apelin decreased placental hormoine secretion by human trophoblast BeWo cells via apelin receptor, protein kinase A and extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1/2 activation.
Effect of cassic acid on immunity and immune-reproductive genes transcription in Clarias gariepinus against Edwardsiella tarda.
Rumex dentatus L. phenolics ameliorate hyperglycemia by modulating hepatic key enzymes of carbohydrate metabolism, oxidative stress and PPARgamma in diabetic rats.
Biofilm Bacteria Use Stress Responses to Detect and Respond to Competitors.
Extreme Genome and Nervous System Streamlining in the Invertebrate Parasite Intoshia variabili.
Marsh bird occupancy of wetlands managed for waterfowl in the Midwestern USA.
Reelin signaling modulates GABAB receptor function in the neocortex.
Genomic analyses reveal distinct genetic architectures and selective pressures in buffaloes.
RISUG  as a male contraceptive: journey from bench to bedside.
Loss of PI3 kinase association improves the sensitivity of secondary mutation of KIT to Imatinib.
Maternal Separation Induces Long-Term Alterations in the Cardiac Oxytocin Receptor and Cystathionine gamma-Lyase Expression in Mice.
Chemical, Physiological and Molecular Responses of Host Plants to Lepidopteran Egg-Laying.
Thymic Epithelial Cells Contribute to Thymopoiesis and T Cell Development.
Biomolecular analyses reveal the age, sex and species identity of a near-intact Pleistocene bird carcass.
The Effects of Sildenafil and/or Nitroglycerin on Random-pattern Skin Flaps After Nicotine Application in Rats.
Defense involvement of piscidin from striped murrel Channa striatus and its peptides CsRG12 and CsLC11 involvement in an antimicrobial and antibiofilm activity.
NGlutathione-S-transferase: an important diagnostic antigen of liver amphistome Gigantocotyle explanatum, infecting the Indian water buffalo.
Photosensitizer-based multimodal nanocomposites as a theranostic agent for near infrared (NIR)-guided cancer-targeting synergistic chemo-phototherapy.
Causes of mortality in northern elephant seal pups on San Miguel Island, California.
Abundant Self-Amplifying Intermediate Progenitors in the Subventricular Zone of the Chinese Tree Shrew Neocortex.
Rapid morphological divergence following a human-mediated introduction: the role of drift and directional selection.
Author Correction: Regionalization of the axial skeleton predates functional adaptation in the forerunners of mammals.
Analysis of defensive secretion of a milkweed bug Lygaeus equestris by 1D GC-MS and GCxGC-MS: sex differences and host-plant effect.
Decimated little brown bats show potential for adaptive change.
A tiny new Middle Triassic stem-lepidosauromorph from Germany: implications for the early evolution of lepidosauromorphs and the Vellberg fauna.
Conservationists deserve protection.
Cross-modal sensory transfer: Bumble bees do it.
Cold Atmospheric Plasma and Gold Quantum Dots Exert Dual Cytotoxicity Mediated by the Cell Receptor-Activated Apoptotic Pathway in Glioblastoma Cells.
Liposomal Resveratrol and/or Carvedilol Attenuate Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity by Modulating Inflammation, Oxidative Stress and S100A1 in Rats.
Mechanical ecology of fruit-insect interaction in the adult Mediterranean fruit fly Ceratitis capitata (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Toxicological screening of airborne particulate matter in atmosphere of Pune: Reactive oxygen species and cellular toxicity.
Integrated assessment of west coast of South Korea by use of benthic bacterial community structure as determined by eDNA, concentrations of contaminants, and in vitro bioassays.
The New Biology as an Example of Newspeak: The Case of Polish Zoology, 1948-1956.
Non-structural carbohydrate concentrations of Fagus sylvatica and Pinus sylvestris fine roots are linked to ectomycorrhizal enzymatic activity during spring reactivation.
The genome of Shaw \' s sea snake (Hydrophis curtus) reveals secondary adaptation to its marine environment.
Cystic Echinococcosis in Three Locations in the Middle Atlas, Morocco: Estimation of the Infection Rate in the Dog Reservoir.
Social learning within and across predator species reduces attacks on novel aposematic prey.
Multi-modal cue integration in the black garden ant.
Decoding a highly mixed Kazakh genome.
Embryonic development and secondary axis induction in the Brazilian white knee tarantula Acanthoscurria geniculata, C. L. Koch, 1841 (Araneae; Mygalomorphae; Theraphosidae).
Kinematic flexibility allows bumblebees to increase energetic efficiency when carrying heavy loads.
Shared response to changes in drainage basin: Phylogeography of the Yunnan small narrow-mouthed frog, Glyphoglossus yunnanensis (Anura: Microhylidae).
Reappraising plastid markers of the red algae for phylogenetic community ecology in the genomic era.
Estimating population density of insectivorous bats based on stationary acoustic detectors: A case study.
In Vitro Anti-Inflammatory, Anticancer (MCF-7, 3T3, and HeLa Cell Lines), and Brine Shrimp Lethality Assay and FTIR Analysis of the Extract and Fractions of the Whole Plant of Heliotropium europaeum.
Cave morphology, microclimate and abundance of five cave predators from the Monte Albo (Sardinia, Italy).
A simple dynamic model explains the diversity of island birds worldwide.
A genetic analysis identifies a haplotype at adiponectin locus: Association with obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Eimeria tamimi sp. n. (Apicomplexa: Eimeriidae) from the rock hyrax (Procavia capensis jayakari) in central Saudi Arabia.
Genomic and Epidemiological Surveillance of Zika Virus in the Amazon Region.
Substantially adaptive potential in polyploid cyprinid fishes: evidence from biogeographic, phylogenetic and genomic studies.
Social learning of acoustic anti-predator cues occurs between wild bird species.
Disentangling non-specific and specific transgenerational immune priming components in host-parasite interactions.
Propolis Consumption Reduces Nosema ceranae Infection of European Honey Bees (Apis mellifera).
A new small-sized stem salamander from the Middle Jurassic of Western Siberia, Russia.
Pathological and clinical investigations of an outbreak of Blackleg disease due to C. chauvoei in cattle in Punjab, Pakistan.
Comparative Study of 10 X-STR Markers in Populations of Northeast Argentina.
First detection of the invasive Haplosporidian and Mycobacteria parasites hosting the endangered bivalve Pinna nobilis in Thermaikos Gulf, North Greece.
Bromopyrrole Alkaloids of the Sponge Agelas oroides Collected Near the Israeli Mediterranean Coastline.
The impact of proteostasis dysfunction secondary to environmental and genetic causes on neurodegenerative diseases progression and potential therapeutic intervention.
Dose and duration-dependent toxicological evaluation of lead acetate in chicks.
A safety type of genetically engineered bacterium that degrades chemical pesticides.
Hospital discharges in urban sanitation systems: Long-term monitoring of wastewater resistome and microbiota in relationship to their eco-exposome.
Understanding decision making in a food-caching predator using hidden Markov models.
Disentangling the taxonomy of the subfamily Rasborinae (Cypriniformes, Danionidae) in Sundaland using DNA barcodes.
Simulation-based reconstruction of global bird migration over the past 50,000 years.
Older mothers produce more successful daughters.
Quantifying the social and economic benefits of the biological control of invasive alien plants in natural ecosystems.
Salamander stress and duress: the relationship between CORT, autotomy and regeneration, and exploratory behaviour.
Visual Contrast and Intensity Affect Perch Choice of Brown Tree Snakes (Boiga irregularis) and Boa Constrictors (Boa constrictor).
Effect of food limitation and reproductive activity on fecal glucocorticoid metabolite levels in banded mongooses.
How do predators generalize warning signals in simple and complex prey communities? Insights from a videogame.
Speedy revelations: how alarm calls can convey rapid, reliable information about urgent danger.
Accelerated landing in a stingless bee and its unexpected benefits for traffic congestion.
The Implication of Chemotypic Variation on the Anti-Oxidant and Anti-Cancer Activities of Sutherlandia frutescens (L.) R.Br. (Fabaceae) from Different Geographic Locations.
Malathion induced cancer-linked gene expression in human lymphocytes.
Genotoxicity induced by hexavalent chromium leading to eryptosis in Ctenopharyngodon idellus.
Adapting Methodology Used on Captive Subjects for Estimating Gut Passage Time in Wild Monkeys.
Long-term changes in winter abundance of the barbastelle Barbastella barbastellus in Poland and the climate change - Are current monitoring schemes still reliable for cryophilic bat species?
Redescription of Gyrinicola japonica, a Tadpole-Endoparasitic Nematode from Japan, with Resurrection of the Family Gyrinicolidae (Nematoda: Oxyurina).
Morphogenesis of Olfactory Organ of Bushymouth Catfish Ancistrus dolichopterus (Teleostei: Loricariidae) before Switching to Exogenous Feeding.
Functional anatomy of the middle and inner ears of the red fox, in comparison to domestic dogs and cats.
A synthetic biology approach for the fabrication of functional (fluorescent magnetic) bioorganic-inorganic hybrid materials in sponge primmorphs.
Immune transcriptome analysis in predatory beetles reveals two cecropin genes overexpressed in mandibles.
Conserved role of matrix metalloproteases 2 and 9 in promoting the migration of neural crest cells in avian and mammalian embryos.
Health concerns on provisional tolerable weekly intake of aluminium in children and adults from vegetables in Mandi-Gobindgarh (India).
Bromeliads affect the interactions and composition of invertebrates on their support tree.
Reply to C.D. Richter.
Human sperm RNA code senses dietary sugar.
Open Science principles for accelerating trait-based science across the Tree of Life.
Evolution of an inferior competitor increases resistance to biological invasion.
Real-time cholesterol sorting in Plasmodium falciparum-erythrocytes as revealed by 3D label-free imaging.
Circadian and Genetic Modulation of Visually-Guided Navigation in Drosophila Larvae.
Temperature-dependent development, survival and reproduction of Apanteles hemara (Nixon) (Hymenoptera: Braconidae) on Spoladea recurvalis (F.) (Lepidoptera: Crambidae).
Association between the membrane transporter proteins and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Recombinant Lactococcus lactis NZ3900 expressing bioactive human FGF21 reduced body weight of Db/Db mice through the activity of brown adipose tissue.
Streamlining universal single-copy ortholog and ultraconserved element design: a case study in Collembola.
A new species of Crinoniscus Perez, 1900 (Crustacea: Isopoda: Crinoniscidae) parasitising the pedunculate barnacle Heteralepas newmani Buhl-Mortensen &amp; Mifsud (Cirripedia: Heteralepadidae) with notes on its ecology and a review of the genus.
Evaluation of the cytotoxicity and apoptotic induction in human liver cell lines exposed to three food additives.
Current Therapeutic Strategies and Perspectives for Neuroprotection in Parkinson \' s Disease.
Role of halotolerant and chitinolytic bacteria in phytoremediation of saline soil using spinach plant.
The BMP ligand Pinhead together with Admp supports the robustness of embryonic patterning.
Econazole nitrate reversed the resistance of breast cancer cells to Adriamycin through inhibiting the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
Image-Derived Input Functions for Quantification of A1 Adenosine Receptors Availability in Mice Brains Using PET and [18F]CPFPX.
Similar factors underlie tree abundance in forests in native and alien ranges.
Phylogenetic Position of Pleurogenoides Species (Plagiorchiida: Pleurogenidae) from the Duodenum of Indian Skipper Frog, Euphlyctis Cyanophlyctis (Amphibia: Dicroglossidae) Inhabiting the Western Ghats, India.
Corrigendum: The Extended Specimen Network: A Strategy to Enhance US Biodiversity Collections, Promote Research and Education.
Anthropogenic pressures negatively impact genomic diversity of the vulnerable seagrass Zostera capensis.
Toads modulate flight strategy according to distance to refuge.
The (dis)advantages of dominance in a multiple male group of Anolis carolinensis lizards.
Microscopic observations on amputated and scarring lizard digits show an intense inflammatory reaction.
Multiple stressors and stream macroinvertebrate community dynamics: Interactions between fine sediment grain size and flow velocity.
Phenotypic and trascriptomic changes in zebrafish (Danio rerio) embryos/larvae following cypermethrin exposure.
Unveiling patterns of viral pathogen infection in free-ranging carnivores of northern Portugal using a complementary methodological approach.
Developing polyphenolic acetates as radiation countermeasure agents: current status and future perspectives.
Spontaneous color preferences in rhesus monkeys: What is the advantage of primate trichromacy?
Helminths of Fedorov \' s lumpsucker Eumicrotremus fedorovi Mandrytsa, 1991 (Actinopterygii: Cyclopteridae) in the Simushir Island area (Pacific Ocean).
Identification of potential candidate genes involved in the sex determination cascade in an aquatic firefly, Sclerotia aquatilis (Coleoptera, Lampyridae).
Global Diversification Dynamics Since the Jurassic: Low Dispersal and Habitat-Dependent Evolution Explain Hotspots of Diversity and Shell Disparity in River Snails (Viviparidae).
Duplications and functional convergence of intestinal carbohydrate-digesting enzymes.
Understanding the gastrointestinal physiology and responses to feeding in air breathing Anabantiform fishes.
Can an herbivore affect where a top predator kills its prey by modifying woody vegetation structure?
Intracellular oxidative damage due to antibiotics on gut bacteria reduced by glutathione oxidoreductase-derived antioxidant molecule GM15.
Phytoremediation of Industrial Sewage Sludge with Eichhornia crassipes, Salvinia molesta and Pistia stratiotes in Batch Fed Free Water Flow Constructed Wetlands.
Author Correction: GRID-seq for comprehensive analysis of global RNA-chromatin interactions.
Hidden parasite diversity in a European freshwater system.
Neural-fated self-renewing cells regulated by Sox2 during secondary neurulation in chicken tail bud.
Large-scale field trial of attractive toxic sugar baits (ATSB) for the control of malaria vector mosquitoes in Mali, West Africa.
Multilocus phylogeny and cryptic diversity of white-toothed shrews (Mammalia, Eulipotyphla, Crocidura) in China.
Incidence, Pathotyping, and Antibiotic Susceptibility of Avian Pathogenic Escherichia coli among Diseased Broiler Chicks.
Impacts of Typhoon Mangkhut in 2018 on the deposition of marine debris and microplastics on beaches in Hong Kong.
Identifying neural substrates of competitive interactions and sequence transitions during mechanosensory responses in Drosophila.
Numerical Cognition Based on Precise Counting with a Single Spiking Neuron.
Generation lengths of the world \' s birds and their implications for extinction risk.
Analyzing Stress as a Multivariate Phenotype.
First draft genome of the sable, Martes zibellina.
Description and molecular characteristics of Morishitium polonicum malayense Urabe, Nor Hashim &amp; Uni, n. subsp. (Trematoda: Cyclocoelidae) from the Asian glossy starling, Aplonis panayensis strigata (Passeriformes: Sturnidae) in Peninsular Malaysia.
Complete genome sequence of Paracoccus sp. strain AK26: Insights into multipartite genome architecture and methylotropy.
Coping with extremes: Remarkably blunt adrenocortical responses to acute stress in two sympatric snow finches on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau during winter relative to other seasons.
The ROK like protein of Myxococcus xanthus DK1622 acts as a pleiotropic transcriptional regulator for secondary metabolism.
Deep vein thrombosis cured by homeopathy: A case report.
Mimosa pudica and Carica papaya extracts on Ascaridia galli - Experimentally infected Kabir chicks in Cameroon: Efficacy, lipid and hematological profile.
Persistent contaminants in adipose fins of returning adult salmonids to the river Tees (UK).
Field test of beach litter assessment by commercial aerial drone.
Long-term trends of persistent toxic substances and potential toxicities in sediments along the west coast of South Korea.
Divergence of 3 \'  ends as a driver of Short Interspersed Nuclear Element (SINE) evolution in the Salicaceae.
Natural history collections and the future legacy of ecological research.
Controlling for body size leads to inferential biases in the biological sciences.
Kin discrimination, negative relatedness, and how to distinguish between selfishness and spite.
Sex differences in age-to-maturation relate to sexual selection and adult sex ratios in birds.
From cryptic to colorful: Evolutionary decoupling of larval and adult color in butterflies.
Field cricket genome reveals the footprint of recent, abrupt adaptation in the wild.
Cassiosomes are stinging-cell structures in the mucus of the upside-down jellyfish Cassiopea xamachana.
Computational modelling of wet adhesive mussel foot proteins (Bivalvia): Insights into the evolutionary convolution in diverse perspectives.
Molecular phylogenetics and mitogenomics of three avian dicrocoeliids (Digenea: Dicrocoeliidae) and comparison with mammalian dicrocoeliids.
Evaluating genetic diversity and identifying priority conservation for seven Tibetan pig populations in china based on the mtDNA D-loop.
Sensory and Physicochemical Analysis of Meat from Bovine Breeds in Different Livestock Production Systems, Pre-Slaughter Handling Conditions and Ageing Time.
Tunas as a high-performance fish platform for inspiring the next generation of autonomous underwater vehicles.
Diverse alveolate infections of tadpoles, a new threat to frogs?
Rabies virus-neutralising antibodies in healthy, unvaccinated individuals: What do they mean for rabies epidemiology?
Impacts of climate change on high priority fruit fly species in Australia.
Additional Morphological Features and Molecular Data of Paracamallanus cyathopharynx (Nematoda: Camallanidae) Infecting Clarias gariepinus (Actinopterygii: Clariidae) in Kenya.
Interactions between cytoplasmic and nuclear genomes confer sex-specific effects on lifespan in Drosophila melanogaster.
Molecular epidemiology of virulent E. coli among rural small scale dairy herds and shops: Efficacy of selected marine algal extracts and disinfectants.
New missense variants in RELT causing hypomineralised amelogenesis imperfecta.
Sex differences in spiders: from phenotype to genomics.
16S rRNA Sequencing Detected Profftella, Liberibacter, Wolbachia, and Diplorickettsia from Relatives of the Asian Citrus Psyllid.
The ameliorative effect of curcumin extract on the morphological and skeletal abnormalities induced by sunset yellow and tartrazine in the developing chick embryo Gallus domesticus.
Author Correction: PIC&amp;RUN: An integrated assay for the detection and retrieval of single viable circulating tumor cells.
Population genetics of the European rabbit along a rural-to-urban gradient.
The wild species genome ancestry of domestic chickens.
Phytoestrogen-containing diets offer benefits for mouse embryology but lead to fewer offspring being produced.
Probing Carbon Utilization of Cordyceps militaris by Sugar Transportome and Protein Structural Analysis.
A Fast and Accurate Method to Identify and Quantify Enzymes in Brush-Border Membranes: In Situ Hydrolysis Followed by Nano LC-MS/MS.
Understanding the Role of the Transcription Factor Sp1 in Ovarian Cancer: from Theory to Practice.
Birds Drinking Alcohol: Species and Relationship with People. A Review of Information from Scientific Literature and Social Media.
Relationship between blood lead levels and physiological stress in mute swans (Cygnus olor) in municipal beaches of the southern Baltic.
Implications of the prevalence and magnitude of sustained declines for determining a minimum threshold for favourable population size.
Sex, personality and conspecific density influence natal dispersal with lifetime fitness consequences in urban and rural burrowing owls.
Promoter-associated DNA methylation &amp; expression profiling of genes (FLT 3, EPB41L3 &amp; SFN) in patients with oral squamous cell carcinoma in the Khasi &amp; Jaintia population of Meghalaya, India.
Hypothalamus but not liver retains daily expression of clock genes during hibernation in terai tree frog (Polypedates teraiensis).
Antioxidants and molecular damage in Nile Tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) after exposure to microplastics.
Daphnane Diterpenoids from Trigonostemon lii and Inhibition Activities Against HIV-1.
Combating atherosclerosis with targeted Diosmin nanoparticles-treated experimental diabetes.
Evaluation of Yeast Fermented Poultry By-Product Meal in Nile Tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) Feed: Effects on Growth Performance, Digestive Enzymes Activity, Innate Immunity, and Antioxidant Capacity.
A new redescription of Richtersius coronifer, supported by transcriptome, provides resources for describing concealed species diversity within the monotypic genus Richtersius (Eutardigrada).
Effects of age on foraging behavior in two closely related albatross species.
Antihyperglycemic Effects and Mode of Actions of Musa paradisiaca Leaf and Fruit Peel Hydroethanolic Extracts in Nicotinamide/Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
Emotional Reaction to Fear- and Disgust-Evoking Snakes: Sensitivity and Propensity in Snake-Fearful Respondents.
The tsAPOBEC3 proteins restrict HBV replication and may limit the establishment of persistent infection in tree shrews.
First Observation of a Spontaneously Matured Female European Eel (Anguilla anguilla).
Symposium report: emerging threats for human health - impact of socioeconomic and climate change on zooanthroponosis in the Republic of Sakha (Yakutia), Russia.
Fetal Renal DNA Methylation and Developmental Programming of Stress-Induced Hypertension in Growth-Restricted Male Mice.
Immune status of Oreochromis niloticus subjected to long-term lead nitrate exposure and a Arthrospira platensis treatment trial.
Rapid development of mature vocal patterns of ultrasonic calls in a fast-growing rodent, the yellow steppe lemming (Eolagurus luteus).
Adaptive selection in the evolution of programmed cell death-1 and its ligands in vertebrates.
Recent updates on true potential of an anesthetic Agent as a regulator of Cell signaling Pathways and non-coding RNAs in different Cancers: Focusing on the Brighter side of Propofol.
Genomic evidence of yellow fever virus in Aedes scapularis, southeastern Brazil, 2016.
Chitosan coating does not prevent the effect of the transfer of green silver nanoparticles biosynthesized by Streptomyces malachitus into fetuses via the placenta.
Development and evaluation of the iron oxide-hydroxide based resin gel for the diffusive gradient in thin films technique.
Skewed distributions of lifetime reproductive success: beyond mean and variance.
Support for the habitat amount hypothesis from a global synthesis of species density studies.
Spatiotemporal patterns of dengue outbreaks in Sri Lanka.
Bioaccumulation of BTEX and PAHs in Heterotis niloticus (Actinopterygii) from the Epe Lagoon, Lagos, Nigeria.
Effects of tributyltin chloride on cell structures of epithelial layer in different stages of Artemia salina (Linnaeus, 1758).
UCH-L1-mediated Down-regulation of Estrogen Receptor alpha Contributes to Insensitivity to Endocrine Therapy for Breast Cancer.
Climate warming disrupts mast seeding and its fitness benefits in European beech.
Short-range interactions govern the dynamics and functions of microbial communities.
Reply to: Broad definitions of enforcement are unhelpful for understanding evolutionary mechanisms of cooperation.
Author Correction: The first amber caridean shrimp from Mexico reveals the ancient adaptation of the Palaemon to the mangrove estuary environment.
Cardiovascular responses to progressive hypoxia in ducks native to high altitude in the Andes.
The brains of six African mole-rat species show divergent responses to hypoxia.
Snake C-Type Lectins Potentially Contribute to the Prey Immobilization in Protobothrops mucrosquamatus and Trimeresurus stejnegeri Venoms.
Biology of Pseudacteon Decapitating Flies (Diptera: Phoridae) That Parasitize Ants of the Solenopsis saevissima Complex (Hymenoptera: Formicidae) in South America.
Microphytobenthos diversity and community structure across different micro-estuaries and micro-outlets: Effects of environmental variables on community structure.
Genotoxic, metabolic, and biological responses of Chironomus sancticaroli Strixino &amp; Strixino, 1981 (Diptera: Chironomidae) after exposure to BBP.
Effects of two little-studied environmental pollutants on early development in anurans.
De novo transcriptome analysis of halotolerant bacterium Staphylococcus sp. strain P-TSB-70 isolated from East coast of India: In search of salt stress tolerant genes.
The role of surface chemistry for the super-hydrophobicity of the springtail Orchesella cincta (Insecta:Collembola).
[Interaction of various necrobionts during corpse decomposition and application of the microbiological zoological study data for the reconstruction of the conditions of the post-mortem period].
The holobiont concept before Margulis.
Biochemical, molecular, and morphological variations of flight muscles before and after dispersal flight in a eusocial termite, Reticulitermes chinensis.
6-Phosphogluconate dehydrogenase fuels multiple aspects of cancer cells: From cancer initiation to metastasis and chemoresistance.
A novel role of SIRT2 in regulating gap junction communications via connexin-43 in bovine cumulus-oocyte complexes.
Dynamics Insights Into the Gain of Flexibility by Helix-12 in ESR1 as a Mechanism of Resistance to Drugs in Breast Cancer Cell Lines.
Designing Probiotic Therapies With Broad-Spectrum Activity Against a Wildlife Pathogen.
Spaced Training Enhances Contextual Fear Memory via Activating Hippocampal 5-HT2A Receptors.
Peripheral Blood Leukocyte RNA-Seq Identifies a Set of Genes Related to Abnormal Psychomotor Behavior Characteristics in Patients with Schizophrenia.
Cellulomonas shaoxiangyii sp. nov., isolated from faeces of Tibetan antelope (Pantholops hodgsonii) on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
The double-mutation(M918I + L1014F)kdr allele is fixed in Cimex hemipterus populations in Guangxi, China.
DNA barcoding of pear psyllids (Hemiptera: Psylloidea: Psyllidae), a tale of continued misidentifications.
Anti-Cryptococcal activity of a furanone derivative-antibiofilm and opsonophagocytic potential.
First records of adult Hyalomma marginatum and H. rufipes ticks (Acari: Ixodidae) in Sweden.
Characterization of viral, bacterial, and parasitic causes of disease in small-scale chicken flocks in the Mekong Delta of Vietnam.
Therapeutic role of garlic and vitamins C and E against toxicity induced by lead on various organs.
Codon usage pattern and its influencing factors in different genomes of hepadnaviruses.
Unraveling correlative roles of Dopamine transporter (DAT) and Parkin in Parkinson \' s disease (PD) - A road to discovery?
Quercetin Attenuates the Oxidative Injury-Mediated Upregulation of Apoptotic Gene Expression and Catecholaminergic Neurotransmitters of the Fetal Rats \'  Brain Following Prenatal Exposure to Fenitrothion Insecticide.
Ant workers produce males in queenless parts of multi-nest colonies.
Global gene flow releases invasive plants from environmental constraints on genetic diversity.
How to turn an organism into a model organism in 10  \' easy \'  steps.
Protective Effects of Evening Primrose Oil against Cyclophosphamide-Induced Biochemical, Histopathological, and Genotoxic Alterations in Mice.
Molecular epidemiology and associated risk factors of Anaplasma marginale and Theileria annulata in cattle from North-western Pakistan.
Dietary supplementation of lemon verbena (Aloysia citrodora) improved immunity, immune-related genes expression and antioxidant enzymes in rainbow trout (Oncorrhyncus mykiss).
Key novelties in the evolution of the aquatic colonial phylum Bryozoa: evidence from soft body morphology.
Relevance of KISS1 gene polymorphisms in susceptibility to Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and its associated Endocrine and Metabolic disturbances.
Hind foot drumming: Morphofunctional analysis of the hind limb osteology in three species of African mole-rats (Bathyergidae).
Local adaptation across a complex bioclimatic landscape in two montane bumble bee species.
Gene family expansion of pinewood nematode to detoxify its host defence chemicals.
Overexpression of cyclin A1 promotes meiotic resumption but induces premature chromosome separation in mouse oocyte.
Checklist of the hard tick (Acari: Ixodidae) fauna of Hungary with emphasis on host-associations and the emergence of Rhipicephalus sanguineus.
White mouse pups can use torpor for energy conservation.
You are how you eat: differences in trophic position of two parasite species infecting a single host according to stable isotopes.
Characterising the spatial distribution of opportunities and constraints for land sparing in Brazil.
Bacterial adaptation is constrained in complex communities.
Marine heat waves threaten kelp forests.
Impaired lipid metabolism by age-dependent DNA methylation alterations accelerates aging.
Honeybees fail to discriminate floral scents in a complex learning task after consuming a neonicotinoid pesticide.
Rapid adaptive evolution of scale-eating kinematics to a novel ecological niche.
Dietary supplementation of soybean glycinin can alter the growth, carcass traits, blood biochemical indices, and meat quality of broilers.
Description, molecular characteristics and Wolbachia endosymbionts of Onchocerca borneensis Uni, Mat Udin &amp; Takaoka n. sp. (Nematoda: Filarioidea) from the Bornean bearded pig Sus barbatus Muller (Cetartiodactyla: Suidae) of Sarawak, Malaysia.
Orientation-Dependent Reflection of Structurally Coloured Butterflies.
The Biodegradation Role of Saccharomyces cerevisiae against Harmful Effects of Mycotoxin Contaminated Diets on Broiler Performance, Immunity Status, and Carcass characteristics.
Measuring quantitative proteomic distance between Spanish beef breeds.
Phylogenomic data reveal reticulation and incongruence among mitochondrial candidate species in Dusky Salamanders (Desmognathus).
Phylogenomics of the genus Tursiops and closely related Delphininae reveals extensive reticulation among lineages and provides inference about eco-evolutionary drivers.
A comprehensive phylogeny and taxonomic evaluation of the waxbills (Aves: Estrildidae).
Impact of high throughput green synthesized silver nanoparticles on agronomic traits of onion.
USP27X negatively regulates antiviral signaling by deubiquitinating RIG-I.
Selective sweeps on novel and introgressed variation shape mimicry loci in a butterfly adaptive radiation.
In Transition: Avian Biogeographic Responses to a Century of Climate Change Across Desert Biomes.
Correction to: Core transcriptional signatures of phase change in the migratory locust.
The diet and feeding behavior of the black-and-white colobus (Colobus guereza) in the Kalinzu Forest, Uganda.
Potential role in seed dispersal revealed by experimental trials with captive southern muriquis (Brachyteles arachnoides).
Testicular protective and antioxidant effects of selenium nanoparticles on Monosodium glutamate-induced testicular structure alterations in male mice.
Speeding up training of automated bird recognizers by data reduction of audio features.
The Global Museum: natural history collections and the future of evolutionary science and public education.
Crypsis and convergence: integrative taxonomic revision of the Gehyra australis group (Squamata: Gekkonidae) from northern Australia.
Super-resolution fluorescence-assisted diffraction computational tomography reveals the three-dimensional landscape of the cellular organelle interactome.
Mifepristone Derivative FZU-00,003 Suppresses Triple-negative Breast Cancer Cell Growth partially via miR-153-KLF5 axis.
Analyses of non-coding somatic drivers in 2,658 cancer whole genomes.
Pan-cancer analysis of whole genomes identifies driver rearrangements promoted by LINE-1 retrotransposition.
Varied diets, including broadleaved forage, are important for a large herbivore species inhabiting highly modified landscapes.
Neo-functionalization of a Teosinte branched 1 homologue mediates adaptations of upland rice.
Decreased immunoglobulin G core fucosylation, a player in antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity, is associated with autoimmune thyroid diseases.
Frogs give new insights into vertebrate novelties.
Enhanced dissolution rate of Ketoprofen by fabricating into smart nanocrystals.
Ex-vivo antihypertensive and calcium channel blocking activity of Androsace foliosa n-hexane leaves fraction on isolated rabbit aorta.
Antidiabetic potential of flavonoids from Artemisia macrocephalla Jaquem in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats: Pharmacological and biochemical approach.
Eriocalyxin B induces apoptosis in human triple negative breast cancer cells via inhibiting STAT3 activation and mitochondrial dysfunction.
The therapeutic and antineoplastic effects of vitamin B17 against the growth of solid-form Ehrlich tumours and the associated changes in oxidative stress, DNA damage, apoptosis and proliferation in mice.
Benzothiazine based acetohydrazides and acetamides as anticancer agents.
Gastrointestinal nematodes of European wild boar from distinct agricultural and forest habitats in Poland.
A mitogenomic phylogeny of chitons (Mollusca: Polyplacophora).
Evaluation of neurobehavioral abnormalities and immunotoxicity in response to oral imidacloprid exposure in domestic chickens (Gallus gallus domesticus).
Association between IFN-lambda 3 Gene Polymorphisms and Outcome of Treatment with Direct Acting Antivirals in Chronic HCV-Infected Egyptian Patients.
Suitability of Semolina, Cracked Wheat and Cracked Maize as Feeding Commodities for Tribolium castaneum (Herbst; Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae).
A Greenhouse Test to Explore and Evaluate Light-Emitting Diode (LED) Insect Traps in the Monitoring and Control of Trialeurodes vaporariorum.
A SnO2/CeO2 Nano-Composite Catalyst for Alizarin Dye Removal from Aqueous Solutions.
Effects of Light Pollution on the Early Life Stages of the Most Abundant Northern Red Sea Coral.
Integrative Transcriptome and Proteome Analysis of the Tube Foot and Adhesive Secretions of the Sea Urchin Paracentrotus lividus.
Development of an FTIR based chemometric model for the qualitative and quantitative evaluation of cane sugar as an added sugar adulterant in apple fruit juices.
Genetic variance for behavioural  \' predictability \'  of stress response.
An ancient baboon genome demonstrates long-term population continuity in southern Africa.
Vocal tract anatomy of king penguins: morphological traits of two-voiced sound production.
Notes on the green lacewing subgenus Ankylopteryx Brauer, 1864 (s. str.) (Neuroptera, Chrysopidae) from China, with description of a new species.
On Araniella and Neoscona (Araneae, Araneidae) of the Caucasus, Middle East and Central Asia.
Brevilin A Inhibits STAT3 Signaling and Induces ROS-Dependent Apoptosis, Mitochondrial Stress and Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in MCF-7 Breast Cancer Cells.
Synthesis of Silver Nanoparticles Using a Novel Cyanobacteria Desertifilum sp. extract: Their Antibacterial and Cytotoxicity Effects.
Considerations on the taxonomy and morphology of Microcotyle spp.: redescription of M. erythrini van Beneden &amp; Hesse, 1863 (sensu stricto) (Monogenea: Microcotylidae) and the description of a new species from Dentex dentex (L.) (Teleostei: Sparidae).
Decoding Darwin \' s puzzle: avian dispersal of mimetic seeds.
Mosaic loss of human Y chromosome: what, how and why.
Trace Elements in Crustaceans, Mollusks and Fish in the Kenyan Part of Lake Victoria: Bioaccumulation, Bioindication and Health Risk Analysis.
Comparative Assessment of Genotoxic Impacts Induced by Zinc Bulk- and Nano-Particles in Nile tilapia, Oreochromis niloticus.
The ageing epigenome and its rejuvenation.
TNF-alpha increases breast cancer stem-like cells through up-regulating TAZ expression via the non-canonical NF-kappaB pathway.
Publisher Correction: The Interplay between Incipient Species and Social Polymorphism in the Desert Ant Cataglyphis.
A system wide approach to managing zoo collections for visitor attendance and in situ conservation.
Species richness and composition are not sufficient for determining the functionality of ancient ecosystems.
Exploring the visual world of fossilized and modern fungus gnat eyes (Diptera: Keroplatidae) with X-ray microtomography.
Host identity and symbiotic association affects the taxonomic and functional diversity of the clownfish-hosting sea anemone microbiome.
In silico molecular docking and in vitro antioxidant activity studies of novel alpha-aminophosphonates bearing 6-amino-1,3-dimethyl uracil.
Crocus sativus L. Extract Containing Polyphenols Modulates Oxidative Stress and Inflammatory Response against Anti-Tuberculosis Drugs-Induced Liver Injury.
Not in My Backyard: Public Perceptions of Wildlife and  \' Pest Control \'  in and around UK Homes, and Local Authority  \' Pest Control \' .
Changes in invertebrate community composition allow for consistent interpretation of biodiversity loss in ecological status assessment.
Heat shock protein 20 from Procambarus clarkii is involved in the innate immune responses against microbial infection.
Potential of nano-phytochemicals in cervical cancer therapy.
Hummingbird vision.
Effects of the dietary inclusion of a probiotic or prebiotic on florfenicol pharmacokinetic profile in broiler chicken.
Ultrastructural studies on the pancreatic acini in duck (Anas boscas) and pigeon (Columba livia).
TGFbeta mediated LINC00273 upregulation sponges mir200a-3p and promotes invasion and metastasis by activating ZEB1.
Effect of zinc oxide nanoparticles on broilers \'  performance and health status.
Saussurea lappa root extract ameliorates the hazards effect of thorium induced oxidative stress and neuroendocrine alterations in adult male rats.
Combretastatin A-4 disodium phosphate and low dose gamma irradiation suppress hepatocellular carcinoma by downregulating ROCK1 and VEGF gene expression.
Experimental migration upward in elevation is associated with strong selection on life history traits.
Molecular epidemiology of malaria parasite amongst patients in a displaced people \' s camp in Sudan.
Genomic landscape of lung adenocarcinoma in East Asians.
Regionalization of the axial skeleton predates functional adaptation in the forerunners of mammals.
PRDM16 orchestrates angiogenesis via neural differentiation in the developing brain.
Spatio-temporal genetic tagging of a cosmopolitan planktivorous shark provides insight to gene flow, temporal variation and site-specific re-encounters.
Genomic regions under selection in the feralization of the dingoes.
Multilocus approach reveals discordant molecular markers and corridors for gene flow between North African populations of Fasciola hepatica.
The model zoologist: how should we think about animals, model animals, and non-model model animals?
Effects of diluted bitumen exposure and recovery on the seawater acclimation response of Atlantic salmon smolts.
Targeting cancer cells with nanotherapeutics and nanodiagnostics: Current status and future perspectives.
Cryptic diversity and non-adaptive radiation of montane New Guinea skinks (Papuascincus; Scincidae).
Atypical antipsychotic drug modulates early life infection induced impairment of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis: An age related study in mice.
Mating strategy and mating type distribution in six global populations of the Eucalyptus foliar pathogen Teratosphaeria destructans.
Role of MicroRNA Genes miR-1000 and miR-375 in Forming Olfactory Conditional Memory in Drosophila melanogaster.
Taking the Bite out of Mosquito Bites: The Role of Perceived Risk.
Effect of Rhododendron arboreum Leaf Extract on the Antioxidant Defense System against Chromium (VI) Stress in Vigna radiata Plants.
Looking for a Better Characterization of Triple-Negative Breast Cancer by Means of Circulating Tumor Cells.
Nutrient availability controls the impact of mammalian herbivores on soil carbon and nitrogen pools in grasslands.
Chromatographic Determination of Sulphasalazine and its Active Metabolites; Greenness Assessment and Application to Spiked Human Plasma.
In Silico identification of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory peptides from MRJP1.
Catalyzing sustainable fisheries management though behavior change interventions.
An exploration of the role of Sertoli cells on fetal testis development using cell ablation strategy.
Tropical Niche Conservatism Explains the Eocene Migration from India to Southeast Asia in Ochyroceratid Spiders.
Aldosterone Synthase in Peripheral Sensory Neurons Contributes to Mechanical Hypersensitivity during Local Inflammation in Rats.
The paraneuronal gill neuroendocrine system in ocellated puffer fish Leiodon cutcutia.
Enhanced Insecticidal Activity of Thiamethoxam by Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles: A Novel Nanotechnology Approach for Pest Control.
CHANGES IN IRISIN RELEASE IN RESPONSE TO PERIPHERAL KISSPEPTIN-10 ADMINISTRATION IN HEALTHY AND OBESE ADULT MEN.
Reduced Neutrophil Extracellular Trap (NET) Formation During Systemic Inflammation in Mice With Menkes Disease and Wilson Disease: Copper Requirement for NET Release.
Salinity and Time Can Alter Epibacterial Communities of an Invasive Seaweed.
Free-Ranging Dogs Are Capable of Utilizing Complex Human Pointing Cues.
Quantifying Corticolous Arthropods Using Sticky Traps.
Modulations in the ATPases during ketamine-induced schizophrenia and regulatory effect of "3-(3, 4-dimethoxy phenyl) -1- (4-methoxyphenyl) prop-2-en-1-one": an in vivo and in silico studies.
A Fluorescent Compound from the Exuviae of the Scorpion, Liocheles australasiae.
Levels of Polychlorinated Biphenyls Are Still Associated with Toxic Effects in Harbor Porpoises (Phocoena phocoena) Despite Having Fallen below Proposed Toxicity Thresholds.
Vitamin C supplementation had no side effect in non-cancer, but had anticancer properties in ovarian cancer cells.
Increased Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Associated With Stage 1 Hypertension in a Low-Risk Cohort: Evidence From 47 874 Cases.
Organochlorine Pesticide Residues Among Colonial Nesting Birds in Tamil Nadu, India: A Maiden Assessment from Their Breeding Grounds.
Identification of Enterocytozoon bieneusi and Cryptosporidium spp. in farmed wild boars (Sus scrofa) in Beijing, China.
Sandalwood-derived carbon quantum dots as bioimaging tools to investigate the toxicological effects of malachite green in model organisms.
Effects of diluted bitumen exposure on Atlantic salmon smolts: Molecular and metabolic responses in relation to swimming performance.
Approaches in scaling up schistosomiasis intervention towards transmission elimination in Africa: leveraging from the Chinese experience and lessons.
Aedes aegypti carrying triple knockdown resistance mutations in Beijing, China.
Engineering T Cells Using CRISPR/Cas9 for Cancer Therapy.
Natural Products and Their Therapeutic Effect on Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Effects of fucoidan on the hematic indicators and antioxidative responses of Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) fed diets contaminated with aflatoxin B1.
The reduced susceptibility of mouse keratinocytes to retinoic acid may be involved in the keratinization of oral and esophageal mucosal epithelium.
Mating Attributes Relating to Parasitization and Productivity in Habrobracon hebetor (Hymenoptera: Braconidae) Rearing on Host Indian Meal Moth (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae).
Hidden diversity in the Brazilian Atlantic rainforest: the discovery of Jurasaidae, a new beetle family (Coleoptera, Elateroidea) with neotenic females.
Accumulation and trafficking of zinc oxide nanoparticles in an invertebrate model, Bombyx mori, with insights on their effects on immuno-competent cells.
Ascorbate and Iron Are Required for the Specification and Long-Term Self-Renewal of Human Skeletal Mesenchymal Stromal Cells.
Single-Cell Transcriptomic Atlas of Primate Ovarian Aging.
Ultrastructure and Mechanics of Annealed Nephila clavipes Major Ampullate Silk.
Jointly inferring the dynamics of population size and sampling intensity from molecular sequences.
The opioid peptide dynorphin suppresses pituitary-ovary axis in the tilapia Oreochromis mossambicus.
Parapodial glandular organs in Owenia borealis (Annelida: Oweniidae) and their possible relationship with nephridia.
Spodoptera frugiperda Caterpillars Suppress Herbivore-Induced Volatile Emissions in Maize.
Spiders in rice-paddy ecosystems shift from aquatic to terrestrial prey and use carbon pools of different origin.
Antifilarial effect of nanocomposite of silver nanoparticles with nitazoxanide against the microfilariae of Setaria cervi-infected albino rats.
Occurrence, ecological function and medical importance of dermestid beetle hastisetae.
A natural compound obtained from Valeriana jatamansi selectively inhibits glioma stem cells.
Projected distribution and climate refugia of endangered Kashmir musk deer Moschus cupreus in greater Himalaya, South Asia.
Agricultural lands key to mitigation and adaptation-Response.
Fatty acid composition and N2 solubility in triacylglycerol-rich adipose tissue: the likely importance of intact molecular structure.
The impact of Miocene orogeny for the diversification of Caucasian Epeorus (Caucasiron) mayflies (Ephemeroptera: Heptageniidae).
Induction of oocyte development in previtellogenic eel, Anguilla australis.
Protective effects of melatonin on male fertility preservation and reproductive system.
First records and molecular-phylogenetic analyses of three tick species (Ixodes kaiseri, Hyalomma lusitanicum and Ornithodoros coniceps) from Malta.
Locomotor activity in field captured crepuscular four-striped field mice, Rhabdomys dilectus and nocturnal Namaqua rock mice, Micaelamys namaquensis during a simulated heat wave.
Role of melatonin and HSF-1\HSP-70 in modulating cold stress-induced immunosuppression in a tropical rodent- Funambulus pennanti.
Direct and indirect effects of predation and parasitism on the Anopheles gambiae mosquito.
Molecular genetic diversity and differentiation of Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus, L. 1758) in East African natural and stocked populations.
The Role of Leukotrienes Inhibitors in the Management of Chronic Inflammatory Diseases.
Context-Dependent Regulation of Nrf2/ARE Axis on Vascular Cell Function during Hyperglycemic Condition.
Insect Mouthpart Transcriptome Unveils Extension of Cuticular Protein Repertoire and Complex Organization.
A Mondrian matrix of seasonal patterns of Culicoides nulliparous and parous females at different latitudes in Spain.
Influence of environmental factors on macrofoulant assemblages on moored buoys in the eastern Arabian Sea.
Duplication and subfunctionalisation of the general transcription factor IIIA (gtf3a) gene in teleost genomes, with ovarian specific transcription of gtf3ab.
TGFbeta inhibition via CRISPR promotes the long-term efficacy of CAR-T cells against solid tumors.
Molecular Diagnosis and Identification of Genetic Variants Underlying Distal Renal Tubular Acidosis in Pakistani Patients Using Whole Exome Sequencing.
Association of Killer Immunoglobulin-Like Receptor and Human Leukocyte Antigen Class I Ligand with Recurrent Abortion in Saudi Women.
Congenetic hybrids derived from dearomatized isoprenylated acylphloroglucinol with opposite effects on Cav3.1 low voltage-gated Ca2+ channel.
Circadian versus circannual rhythm in the photoperiodic programming of seasonal responses in Eurasian tree sparrow (Passer montanus).
APOE4 allele in north Indian elderly patients with dementia or late onset depression-a multiple-disease case control study.
Corticotropin-Releasing Factor Receptors in the Locus Coeruleus Modulate the Enhancement of Active Coping Behaviors Induced by Chronic Predator Odor Inoculation in Mice.
A new genus and species of Staphylininae rove beetle from the Peruvian Amazon (Coleoptera, Staphylinidae).
A new species of Boholina (Crustacea, Copepoda, Calanoida) and a first record for stygobiotic calanoid fauna from a cave in Thailand.
Taxonomic studies of the ground beetle subgenus Falcinebria Ledoux &amp; Roux, 2005 (Coleoptera, Carabidae, Nebria) from Honshu, Japan.
Evolving paradigms on the interplay of mitochondrial Hsp70 chaperone system in cell survival and senescence.
Thiamine deficiency and oxidative stress induced by prolonged metronidazole therapy can explain its side effects of neurotoxicity and infertility in experimental animals: Effect of grapefruit co-therapy.
Scaling-up biodiversity-ecosystem functioning research.
Female answer specificity to male drumming calls in three closely related species of the stonefly genus Zwicknia (Plecoptera: Capniidae).
Tissue-engineered multi-cellular models of the uterine wall.
Publisher Correction: Building a DNA barcode library for the freshwater fishes of Bangladesh.
Local habitat conditions shaping the assemblages of vespid wasps (Hymenoptera: Vespidae) in a post-agricultural landscape of the Kampinos National Park in Poland.
Urban areas as hotspots for bees and pollination but not a panacea for all insects.
Advancement in the modelling and therapeutics of Parkinson \' s disease.
Vaccination accelerates hepatic erythroblastosis induced by blood-stage malaria.
The coupling apparatus of the sperm head and tail.
In silico elucidation of plausible inhibitory potential of Withaferin A of Withania somnifera medicinal herb against breast cancer targeting estrogen receptor.
A new type of somatosensory organ in the nasolabial skin of the dog.
Comparative histology of wild-type and p53-deficient medaka (Oryzias latipes): nephrotoxic effect of ultraviolet A radiation.
A socio-ecological model for predicting impacts of land-use and climate change on regional plant diversity in the Austrian Alps.
Maternal lithium chloride exposure alters the neuroendocrine-cytokine axis in neonatal albino rats.
Myristica fragrans seed extract reverses scopolamine-induced cortical injury via stimulation of HO-1 expression in male rats.
Effect of cobalt-60 gamma radiation on reproductive disturbance in freshwater prawn Macrobrachium rosenbergii (De Man, 1879).
Generalized host-plant feeding can hide sterol-specialized foraging behaviors in bee-plant interactions.
Low growth resilience to drought is related to future mortality risk in trees.
Physical and behavioral adaptations to prevent overheating of the living wings of butterflies.
Determinants of external and blood parasite load in African penguins (Spheniscus demersus) admitted for rehabilitation.
The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions.
Curcumin-Loaded Solid Lipid Nanoparticles Bypass P-Glycoprotein Mediated Doxorubicin Resistance in Triple Negative Breast Cancer Cells.
Ultraviolet reflectance and pattern properties in Leopard geckos (Eublepharis macularius).
Fragmentation and low density as major conservation challenges for the southernmost populations of the European wildcat.
Plants in the management of male infertility.
Coenzyme Q10 attenuates rat hepatocarcinogenesis via the reduction of CD59 expression and phospholipase D activity.
Fruit Volatiles of Creeping Cucumber (Solena amplexicaulis) Attract a Generalist Insect Herbivore.
Antioxidant molecular mechanism of adenosyl homocysteinase from cyanobacteria and its wound healing process in fibroblast cells.
Teaching laboratory for large cohorts of undergraduates: Private and social information in fish.
Fourteen new species of the spider genus Psiloderces Simon, 1892 from Southeast Asia (Araneae, Psilodercidae).
Vietnamellidae (Insecta, Ephemeroptera) of Thailand.
No ontogenetic shift in the realised trophic niche but in Batesian mimicry in an ant-eating spider.
The myeloid lineage is required for the emergence of a regeneration permissive environment following Xenopus tail amputation.
A salamander that chews using complex, three-dimensional mandible movements.
Ontogeny of the anuran urostyle and the developmental context of evolutionary novelty.
Antibiofilm and anticancer potential of beta-glucan-binding protein-encrusted zinc oxide nanoparticles.
Bifidobacterium pseudolongum reduces triglycerides by modulating gut microbiota in mice fed high-fat food.
Seasonal variation of sand fly populations in Kala-azar endemic areas of the Malda district, West Bengal, India.
Reproductive cycle stage assessment using vaginal cytology evaluation in African lions (Panthera leo).
Tracking extinction risk trends and patterns in a mega-diverse country: A Red List Index for birds in Colombia.
Potential for global spread of a novel coronavirus from China.
Variation in the formation of crista sellaris and basisphenoid in the skull of the grass snake Natrix natrix embryos (Serpentes, Colubridae).
High parasite diversity in a neglected host: larval trematodes of Bithynia tentaculata in Central Europe.
CDC6 regulates both G2/M transition and metaphase-to-anaphase transition during the first meiosis of mouse oocytes.
Komodo dragons are not ecological analogs of apex mammalian predators.
Stimulation of Erythrocyte Membrane Blebbing by Naproxen Sodium.
Corrigendum to "Epigallocatechin gallate potentially abrogates fluoride induced lung oxidative stress, inflammation via Nrf2/Keap1 signaling pathway in rats: An in-vivo and in-silico study" [Int. Immunopharmacol. 39 (2016) 128-139].
Understanding the value and limits of nature-based solutions to climate change and other global challenges.
Mapping co-benefits for carbon storage and biodiversity to inform conservation policy and action.
National mitigation potential from natural climate solutions in the tropics.
Climate change and ecosystems: threats, opportunities and solutions.
Harnessing employment-based social assistance programmes to scale up nature-based climate action.
Regulation of Translesion DNA Synthesis in Mammalian Cells.
Microsatellite based assignment reveals history of extirpated mountain ungulate.
Bruton \' s tyrosine kinase inhibitor suppresses imiquimod-induced psoriasis-like inflammation in mice through regulation of IL-23/IL-17A in innate immune cells.
Adaptation to host-specific bacterial pathogens drive rapid evolution of novel PhoP/PhoQ regulation pathway modulating the virulence.
Sustainability and life cycle assessments of lignocellulosic and algal pretreatments.
Opsins for vision restoration.
Focus on snake ecology to fight snakebite.
The hidden faces of a biological invasion: parasite dynamics of invaders and natives.
The rescue effect and inference from isolation-extinction relationships.
Experimental study of the effect of preen oil against feather bacteria in passerine birds.
Defining the Environmental Adaptations of Genus Devosia: Insights into its Expansive Short Peptide Transport System and Positively Selected Genes.
Specialized structures on the border between rhizocephalan parasites and their host \' s nervous system reveal potential sites for host-parasite interactions.
Growth, health aspects and histopathology of brown bullhead (Ameiurus nebulosus L.): replacing fishmeal with soybean meal and brewer \' s yeast.
Genetic diversity and novel lineages in the cosmopolitan copepod Pleuromamma abdominalis in the Southeast Pacific.
Dispersion fields reveal the compositional structure of South American vertebrate assemblages.
Experimental subjects do not know what we think they know.
Six1 proteins with human branchio-oto-renal mutations differentially affect cranial gene expression and otic development.
Mineral Composition and Antioxidant Potential of Coffee Beverages Depending on the Brewing Method.
Invasive Mesquite (Prosopis juliflora), an Allergy and Health Challenge.
Blind Trading: A Literature Review of Research Addressing the Welfare of Ball Pythons in the Exotic Pet Trade.
Cymbopogon Citratus Functionalized Green Synthesis of CuO-Nanoparticles: Novel Prospects as Antibacterial and Antibiofilm Agents.
The Contribution of IgG Glycosylation to Antibody-Dependent Cell-Mediated Cytotoxicity (ADCC) and Complement-Dependent Cytotoxicity (CDC) in Hashimoto \' s Thyroiditis: An in Vitro Model of Thyroid Autoimmunity.
Synthesis of a novel series of (Z)-3,5-disubstituted thiazolidine-2,4-diones as promising anti-breast cancer agents.
Global comparison of bicosoecid Cafeteria-like flagellates from the deep ocean and surface waters, with reorganization of the family Cafeteriaceae.
A barotolerant ciliate isolated from the abyssal deep sea of the North Atlantic: Euplotes dominicanus sp. n. (Ciliophora, Euplotia).
Molecular cloning and characterization of plerocercoid-immunosuppressive factor from Spirometra erinaceieuropaei.
Developmental effects of daily food availability times on song behaviour and neuronal plasticity of song-control system in male zebra finches.
Molecular phylogenetic assessment of the tribal classification of Lamiinae (Coleoptera: Cerambycidae).
Changes in oak (Quercus robur) photosynthesis after winter moth (Operophtera brumata) herbivory are not explained by changes in chemical or structural leaf traits.
Serotonin transporter dependent modulation of food-seeking behavior.
Surveys and Literature Review of Parasites among African Mole-Rats: Proposing Hypotheses for the Roles of Geography, Ecology, and Host Phylogenetic Relatedness in Parasite Sharing.
The Coumarin Derivative 5 \' -Hydroxy Auraptene Suppresses Osteoclast Differentiation via Inhibiting MAPK and c-Fos/NFATc1 Pathways.
Diversity and Species Composition of Microbiota Associated with Mosquito Breeding Habitats: A Study from Kurunegala District in Sri Lanka.
First evidence of underwater vocalisations in hunting penguins.
A new lineage of segmented RNA viruses infecting animals.
Creating a role model for "Academicians" Social Responsibility (ASR) synergizing with Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan: A campus hygiene initiative by PGIMER, Chandigarh.
Helminth Species and Infracommunities in Frogs Pelophylax ridibundus and P. esculentus (Amphibia: Ranidae) in Northern Ukraine.
Earthworms and vermicompost: an eco-friendly approach for repaying nature \' s debt.
Studies on interaction potency model based on drug synergy and therapeutic potential of triple stimuli-responsive delivery of doxorubicin and 5-fluoro-2-deoxyuridine against lymphoma using disulfide-bridged cysteine over mesoporous silica nanoparticles.
Adult neurogenesis in the mushroom bodies of red flour beetles (Tribolium castaneum, HERBST) is influenced by the olfactory environment.
Correction: Generation of qualified clinical-grade functional hepatocytes from human embryonic stem cells in chemically defined conditions.
Rorqual whale nasal plugs: protecting the respiratory tract against water entry and barotrauma.
PDGF signaling from pharyngeal pouches promotes arch artery morphogenesis.
Capsaicinoid metabolism by the generalist Helicoverpa armigera and specialist H. assulta: Species and tissue differences.
Testing a method of sampling for entomological determination of transmission of Wuchereria bancrofti to inform lymphatic filariasis treatment strategy in urban settings.
Application of Pulsed Electric Fields for Obtaining Antioxidant Extracts from Fish Residues.
Therapeutic Efficacy of Nyctanthes arbor-tristis Flowers to Inhibit Proliferation of Acute and Chronic Primary Human Leukemia Cells, with Adipocyte Differentiation and in Silico Analysis of Interactions between Survivin Protein and Selected Secondary Metabolites.
Biochemical markers for prolongation of the acute stress of triclosan in the early life stages of four food fishes.
Utilization of High throughput microcrystalline cellulose decorated silver nanoparticles as an eco-nematicide on root-knot nematodes.
Vitamin E and selenium administration synergistically mitigates ivermectin and doramectin-induced testicular dysfunction in male Wistar albino rats.
Vegetative development and host immune interaction of Ophiocordyceps sinensis within the hemocoel of the ghost moth larva, Thitarodes xiaojinensis.
Meningococcal B Vaccine and Meningococcal Carriage in Adolescents in Australia.
Effects of fixatives on stable isotopes of fish muscle tissue: implications for trophic studies on preserved specimens.
A swarm design paradigm unifying swarm behaviors using minimalistic communication.
Prevalence and Intensity of Otodistomum hydrolagi (Trematoda: Azygiidae) in Spotted Ratfish, Hydrolagus colliei (Chondrichthyes: Chimaeridae) from the Coastal Waters of British Columbia, Canada.
Labeling effect in insects: Cue associations influence perceived food value in ants (Lasius niger).
De novo Sequencing, Assembly and Annotation of the Transcriptome for the Free-Living Testate Amoeba Arcella intermedia.
Age-related ultrastructural features of the tongue of the rock pigeon Columba livia dakhlae in different three age stages (young, mature, and adult) captured from Egypt.
Copper oxychloride-induced testicular damage of adult albino rats and the possible role of curcumin in healing the damage.
Transcriptome of pleuropodia from locust embryos supports that these organs produce enzymes enabling the larva to hatch.
Cockroaches Show Individuality in Learning and Memory During Classical and Operant Conditioning.
Reproductive phase-dependent variation, sexually dimorphic expression and sex steroids-mediated transcriptional regulation of lep and lepr in lymphoid organs of Channa punctata.
The Unique Antimicrobial Recognition and Signaling Pathways in Tardigrades with a Comparison Across Ecdysozoa.
Tick-borne encephalitis virus (TBEV): non-structural protein (NS1) IgG ELISA differentiating infection vs. vaccination antibody responses.
Gene content evolution in the arthropods.
Role Of Oxidative Stress And Metal Toxicity In The Progression Of Alzheimer \' s Disease.
Chemosensitisation of Therapy Resistant Tumors: Targeting Multiple cell Signaling pathways by Lupeol, A Pentacyclic Triterpene.
Mitophagy and its contribution to metabolic and aging associated disorders.
Cognitive impairments in type 2 diabetes, risk factors and preventive strategies.
Prolonged use of finasteride induced gonadal sex steroids alterations, DNA damage and menstrual bleeding in women.
Norileca indica (Crustacea: Isopoda, Cymothoidae) Infects Rastrelliger kanagurta Along the Malabar Coast of India - Seasonal Variation in the Prevalence and Aspects of Host-parasite Interactions.
What If Multiple Claw Configurations Are Present in A Sample? A Case Study with the Description of Milnesium pseudotardigradum sp. nov. (Tardigrada) with Unique Developmental Variability.
Lynceus amplopedia sp. nov., A New Laevicaudatan Clam Shrimp with Asymmetrically Modified Thoracopods from Yunnan, China (Crustacea: Branchiopoda).
A New Fissiparous Brittle Star, Ophiacantha scissionis sp. nov. (Echinodermata, Ophiuroidea, Ophiacanthida), from Jeju Island, Korea.
Reproductive System in the Male Phase of a Parasitic Isopod (Crustacea) - Morphological, Histological and Ultrastructural Evidence for Sequential Protandrous Hermaphroditic Changes.
Effect of Kleptoparasitic Ants on the Foraging Behavior of a Social Spider (Stegodyphus sarasinorum Karsch, 1891).
Description of A New Species of the Gudgeon Genus Microphysogobio Mori 1934 (Cypriniformes: Cyprinidae) from Guangdong Province, Southern China.
The Octocorals of Dongsha Atoll (South China Sea): An Iterative Approach to Species Identification Using Classical Taxonomy and Molecular Barcodes.
Documenting decapod biodiversity in the Caribbean from DNA barcodes generated during field training in taxonomy.
High diversity of fish ectoparasitic monogeneans (Dactylogyrus) in the Iberian Peninsula: a case of adaptive radiation?
Does retina play a role in Parkinson \' s Disease?
Carnosic acid alleviates chlorpyrifos-induced oxidative stress and inflammation in mice cerebral and ocular tissues.
Fucoidan protects against subacute diazinon-induced oxidative damage in cardiac, hepatic, and renal tissues.
Laboratory bioassay exploring the effects of anti-aging skincare products on free-living marine nematodes: a case study of collagen.
Exploring Models for an International Legal Agreement on the Global Antimicrobial Commons: Lessons from Climate Agreements.
Reverse translation: effects of acclimation temperature and acute temperature challenges on oxygen consumption, diffusive water flux, net sodium loss rates, Q10 values and mass scaling coefficients in the rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
Author Correction: Metagenomic sequencing with spiked primer enrichment for viral diagnostics and genomic surveillance.
Preventing traditional management can cause grassland loss within 30 years in southern Brazil.
An evolutionary switch from sibling rivalry to sibling cooperation, caused by a sustained loss of parental care.
Identification of serine residues in the Connexin43 carboxyl tail important for BCR-mediated spreading of B-lymphocytes.
CENP-T, regulates both G2/M transition and anaphase entry by acting through CDH1 in meiotic oocytes.
Integrated genome-wide investigations of the housefly, a global vector of diseases reveal unique dispersal patterns and bacterial communities across farms.
The mechanics of nectar offloading in the bumblebee Bombus terrestris and implications for optimal concentrations during nectar foraging.
Demographic expansion of an African opportunistic carnivore during the Neolithic revolution.
Resilience: nitrogen limitation, mycorrhiza and long-term palaeoecological plant-nutrient dynamics.
Experimental translocations to low predation lead to non-parallel increases in relative brain size.
Identification of (Z)-8-Heptadecene and n-Pentadecane as Electrophysiologically Active Compounds in Ophrys insectifera and Its Argogorytes Pollinator.
Inhibitory Activity of a Scorpion Defensin BmKDfsin3 against Hepatitis C Virus.
Cadmium-Related Effects on Cellular Immunity Comprises Altered Metabolism in Earthworm Coelomocytes.
Transmission of Functional, Wild-Type Mitochondria and the Fittest mtDNA to the Next Generation: Bottleneck Phenomenon, Balbiani Body, and Mitophagy.
Fournier \' s gangrene mortality; A 17- year systematic review and meta-analysis.
Juvenile hormone III skipped bisepoxide, not its stereoisomers, as a juvenile hormone of the bean bug Riptortus pedestris.
Inhibiting both proline biosynthesis and lipogenesis synergistically suppresses tumor growth.
Oropouche virus cases identified in Ecuador using an optimised qRT-PCR informed by metagenomic sequencing.
Harnessing bacterial interactions to manage infections: a review on the opportunistic pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa as a case example.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids affect volume and metabolism of Drosophila melanogaster sperm.
Intravaginal insemination depth influences fertility outcomes in Indian red jungle fowl (Gallus gallus murghi).
The genomes of the livebearing fish species Poeciliopsis retropinna and Poeciliopsis turrubarensis reflect their different reproductive strategies.
Visual pathways in the brain of the jumping spider Marpissa muscosa.
Exploring movement decisions: can Bayesian movement-state models explain crop consumption behaviour in elephants (Loxodonta africana)?
The evolutionary diversity of locomotor innovation in rodents is not linked to proximal limb morphology.
Methylome and transcriptome analyses reveal insights into the epigenetic basis for the good survival of hypomethylated ER-positive breast cancer subtype.
Metabolic impairment in response to early induction of C/EBPbeta leads to compromised cardiac function during pathological hypertrophy.
Similarities and dissimilarities of codon usage in mitochondrial ATP genes among fishes, aves, and mammals.
Common barriers, but temporal dissonance: genomic tests suggest ecological and paleo-landscape sieves structure a coastal riverine fish community.
Ecological response to altered rainfall differs across the Neotropics.
Comparing Adaptive Radiations Across Space, Time, and Taxa.
Right inferior frontal gyrus: An integrative hub in tonal bilinguals.
Stronger regional biosecurity is essential to prevent hundreds of harmful biological invasions.
Photocatalytic Degradation of Methyl Orange by Magnetically Retrievable Supported Ionic Liquid Phase Photocatalyst.
Naringenin mitigates antituberculosis drugs induced hepatic and renal injury in rats.
Hepatotoxic effects of silver nanoparticles on Clarias gariepinus; Biochemical, histopathological, and histochemical studies.
Folic acid and melatonin mitigate diabetic nephropathy in rats via inhibition of oxidative stress.
The impact of elevated temperature and CO2 on growth, physiological and immune responses of Polypedates cruciger (common hourglass tree frog).
Diversity-Stability Dynamics of the Amphibian Skin Microbiome and Susceptibility to a Lethal Viral Pathogen.
Intrinsic Ball Retrieving in Wolf Puppies Suggests Standing Ancestral Variation for Human-Directed Play Behavior.
The Origin of Land Plants Is Rooted in Two Bursts of Genomic Novelty.
The schizophrenia risk isoform ZNF804AE3E4 affects dendritic spine.
Sexual Abstinence and Associated Factors Among Young and Middle-Aged Men: A Systematic Review.
Anatomical features of the tongue of two chiropterans endemic in the Egyptian fauna; the Egyptian fruit bat (Rousettus aegyptiacus) and insectivorous bat (Pipistrellus kuhlii).
Replacement of soybean oil by Hermetia illucens fat in turkey nutrition: effect on performance, digestibility, microbial community, immune and physiological status and final product quality.
Biogeographic Barriers, Pleistocene Refugia, and Climatic Gradients in the Southeastern Nearctic Drive Diversification in Cornsnakes (Pantherophis guttatus complex).
To mate, or not to mate: The evolution of reproductive diapause facilitates insect radiation into African savannahs in the Late Miocene.
Developing a circumpolar programme for the monitoring of Arctic terrestrial biodiversity.
Status and trends of tundra birds across the circumpolar Arctic.
Reproductive strategy of bachelors in a snub-nosed monkey (Rhinopithecus bieti) all-male unit.
SSU rDNA Phylogeny Indicates the Scale-lacking Trivalvulariida ord. nov. as a Sister Group to the Euglyphida (Cercozoa, Rhizaria).
Root ethylene mediates rhizosphere microbial community reconstruction when chemically detecting cyanide produced by neighbouring plants.
Inhibitory potential of plant secondary metabolites on anti-Parkinsonian drug targets: Relevance to pathophysiology, and motor and non-motor behavioural abnormalities.
The impact of sand moisture on the temperature-sex ratio responses of developing loggerhead (Caretta caretta) sea turtles.
Repair strategies for injured peripheral nerve: Review.
Effects of aging on testosterone and androgen receptors in the mesocorticolimbic system of male rats.
Ethical considerations when conservation research involves people.
Morphological and molecular characterisation of a new genus and species of acanthocephalan, Tenuisoma tarapungi n. g., n. sp. (Acanthocephala: Polymorphidae) infecting red-billed gulls in New Zealand, with a key to the genera of the Polymorphidae Meyer, 1931.
Past, Present and Future: Combining habitat suitability and future landcover simulation for long-term conservation management of Indian rhino.
Rejection of the genetic implications of the "Abundant Centre Hypothesis" in marine mussels.
Anti-diabetic activity of crude polysaccharide and rhamnose-enriched polysaccharide from G. lithophila on Streptozotocin (STZ)-induced in Wistar rats.
Arginyltransferase knockdown attenuates cardiac hypertrophy and fibrosis through TAK1-JNK1/2 pathway.
TDP-43 facilitates milk lipid secretion by post-transcriptional regulation of Btn1a1 and Xdh.
Induction of vitellogenesis, MF synthesis and ecdysteroidogenesis in two edible crabs by arachidonic acid and prostaglandins.
In vivo and in vitro antimicrobial activity of phytol, a diterpene molecule, isolated and characterized from Adhatoda vasica Nees. (Acanthaceae), to control severe bacterial disease of ornamental fish, Carassius auratus, caused by Bacillus licheniformis PKBMS16.
Linking Plant Functional Ecology to Island Biogeography.
Thymoquinone and pentoxifylline enhance the chemotherapeutic effect of cisplatin by targeting Notch signaling pathway in mice.
The Reproductive Microbiome: An Emerging Driver of Sexual Selection, Sexual Conflict, Mating Systems, and Reproductive Isolation.
Wound dressing from polyvinyl alcohol/chitosan electrospun fiber membrane loaded with OH-CATH30 nanoparticles.
Cervicovaginal Microbiome and Urine Metabolome Paired Analysis Reveals Niche Partitioning of the Microbiota in Patients with Human Papilloma Virus Infections.
A feasible sonochemical approach to synthesize CuO@CeO2 nanomaterial and their enhanced non-enzymatic sensor performance towards neurotransmitter.
Facile synthesis of copper ferrite nanoparticles with chitosan composite for high-performance electrochemical sensor.
Jumping in arboreal salamanders: A possible tradeoff between takeoff velocity and in-air posture.
Insulin-copper quantum clusters preparation and receptor targeted bioimaging.
Immunohistochemical localization of alpha-synuclein in the retina of some nocturnal and diurnal animals.
Gustatory ultrastructures of an amphihaline migratory fish hilsa Tenualosa ilisha.
The Effect of Velocity and Duration of Residual Compression in a Rat Dislocation Spinal Cord Injury Model.
Investigating the relationship between climate, stand age, and temporal trends in masting behavior of European forest trees.
Climate change fingerprints in recent European plant phenology.
The Extended Specimen Network: A Strategy to Enhance US Biodiversity Collections, Promote Research and Education.
Decision-making process during collective movement initiation in golden snub-nosed monkeys (Rhinopithecus roxellana).
Activity-dependent calcium signaling in neurons of the medial superior olive during late postnatal development.
How flight feathers stick together to form a continuous morphing wing.
Pest Management Challenges and Control Practices in Codling Moth: A Review.
Comparative Analysis between Wild and Cultivated Cucumbers Reveals Transcriptional Changes during Domestication Process.
Deciphering the puzzles of dog domestication.
Preliminary study on fine structures of subcortical nuclei in rhesus monkeys by ex vivo 9.4 T MRI.
Comparative analysis of diverse toxins from a new pharmaceutical centipede, Scolopendra mojiangica.
The evolution of brain structure captured in stereotyped cell count and cell type distributions.
Preliminary evaluation of a novel nine-biomarker profile for the prediction of autism spectrum disorder.
A Nuclear-Localized Naphthalimide Based Fluorescent Light-Up Probe for Selective Detection of Carbon Monoxide in Living Cells.
Fighting and aggressive sound determines larger male to win male-male competition in a bark beetle.
In-situ clustering of mtDNA haplogroup M inferred from complete mitogenomes of two tribal populations of Southern India.
Evolutionary signal in the gut microbiomes of 74 bird species from Equatorial Guinea.
Evaluation of reproductive parameters in male Neotropical bats during dry and rainy months in a specific area of the Cerrado biome.
Sex-independent senescence in a cooperatively breeding mammal.
Pneumonia of Unknown Etiology in Wuhan, China: Potential for International Spread Via Commercial Air Travel.
Does ICT lessen CO2 emissions for fast-emerging economies? An application of the heterogeneous panel estimations.
Do songbirds in wetlands show higher mercury bioaccumulation relative to conspecifics in non-wetland habitats?
A draft genome sequence of the elusive giant squid, Architeuthis dux.
Glutamate detection at the cellular level by means of polymer/enzyme multilayer modified carbon nanoelectrodes.
Outlining key inflammation-associated parameters during early phase of an experimental gram-negative sepsis model in rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta).
The costs of human-induced evolution in an agricultural system.
Segregating signal from noise through movement in echolocating bats.
Sodium pentobarbital dosages for exsanguination affect biochemical, molecular and histological measurements in rats.
Landscape agricultural simplification correlates positively with the spatial distribution of a specialist yet negatively with a generalist pest.
High levels of serum Angiopoietin 2 and Angiopoietin 2/1 ratio at critical stage of dengue hemorrhagic fever patients and their association with clinical and biochemical parameters.
RDL mutations in Guangxi Anopheles sinensis populations along the China-Vietnam border: distribution frequency and evolutionary origin of A296S resistance allele.
QSAR models for biocides: The example of the prediction of Daphnia magna acute toxicity.
Chromium Bioaccumulation and Its Impacts on Plants: An Overview.
Molecular Phylogeny and Infraordinal Classification of Zoraptera (Insecta).
Subterranean Deuteraphorura Absolon, 1901, (Hexapoda, Collembola) of the Western Carpathians - Troglomorphy at the northern distributional limit in Europe.
Synthesis, characterization, and biocompatibility of lanthanum titanate nanoparticles in albino mice in a sex-specific manner.
Molecular dynamics assisted mechanistic insight of Val430-Ala mutation of Rv1592c protein in isoniazid resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Assessing heavy metal pollution by biomonitoring honeybee nectar in Cordoba (Spain).
Biometry, condition factors and length-weight relationships of sixteen fish species in Iwopin fresh-water ecotype of Lekki Lagoon, Ogun State, Southwest Nigeria.
Phylogeny of spiny frogs Nanorana (Anura: Dicroglossidae) supports a Tibetan origin of a Himalayan species group.
Maternal diet affects juvenile Carpetan rock lizard performance and personality.
Why do zoos attract crows? A comparative study from Europe and Asia.
Links between prey assemblages and poison frog toxins: A landscape ecology approach to assess how biotic interactions affect species phenotypes.
Molecular profiling of nematode associates with Rhynchophorus ferrugineus in southern Italy.
Investigating the environmental drivers of deep-seafloor biodiversity: A case study of peracarid crustacean assemblages in the Northwest Atlantic Ocean.
Spatial and taxonomic biases in bat records: Drivers and conservation implications in a megadiverse country.
Climatic and vegetational drivers of insect beta diversity at the continental scale.
Population trends for two Malagasy fruit bats.
Author Correction: Convergence and divergence of songs suggests ongoing, but annually variable, mixing of humpback whale populations throughout the North Pacific.
FBA Ecological Guild: Trio of Firmicutes-Bacteroidetes Alliance against Actinobacteria in Human Oral Microbiome.
Enhanced genome assembly and a new official gene set for Tribolium castaneum.
Linking hunting weaponry to attack strategies in sailfish and striped marlin.
Gadfly petrels use knowledge of the windscape, not memorized foraging patches, to optimize foraging trips on ocean-wide scales.
When do older birds better resist stress? A study of the corticosterone stress response in snow petrels.
Tracking Short-Range Attraction and Oviposition of European Grapevine Moths Affected by Volatile Organic Compounds in a Four-Chamber Olfactometer.
Nisin as a Novel Feed Additive: The Effects on Gut Microbial Modulation and Activity, Histological Parameters, and Growth Performance of Broiler Chickens.
Perinatal Exposure to Tartrazine Triggers Oxidative Stress and Neurobehavioral Alterations in Mice Offspring.
Studying the Influence of Apple Peel Polyphenol Extract Fortification on the Characteristics of Probiotic Yoghurt.
Seed Priming with Jasmonic Acid Counteracts Root Knot Nematode Infection in Tomato by Modulating the Activity and Expression of Antioxidative Enzymes.
Phosphate Limitation Increases Content of Protease Inhibitors in the Cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa.
Non-native and hybrid in a changing environment: conservation perspectives for the last Italian red-legged partridge (Alectoris rufa) population with long natural history.
Transcriptome-based evaluation and validation of suitable housekeeping gene for quantification real-time PCR under specific experiment condition in teleost fishes.
Vincetoxicum arnottianum ameliorate inflammation by suppressing oxidative stress and pro-inflammatory mediators in rat.
Combination of tert-butyl hydroperoxide with vorinostat induces cell death of Acanthamoeba through cell cycle arrest.
Immunolocalization of Gas7 in the Subgranular Zone of Mice Hippocampus.
Cytokine gene variants and treatment outcome of cisplatin based concomitant chemoradiotherapy in cervical cancer.
Level of Physical Activity and Knowledge about the Physical Activity Guidelines in a Group of Medical Residents from Puerto Rico.
A novel Mg(OH)2 binding layer-based DGT technique for measuring phosphorus in water and sediment.
A new species of Oligodon Fitzinger, 1826 from the Langbian Plateau, southern Vietnam, with additional information on Oligodon annamensis Leviton, 1953 (Squamata: Colubridae).
A founder RDH5 splice site mutation leads to retinitis punctata albescens in two inbred Pakistani kindreds.
D-ribose and pathogenesis of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Characterization of a novel cotton MYB gene, GhMYB108-like responsive to abiotic stresses.
Protective effects of thymoquinone and diallyl sulphide against malathion-induced toxicity in rats.
Most Parsimonious Likelihood Exhibits Multiple Optima for Compatible Characters.
Metagenomic sequencing with spiked primer enrichment for viral diagnostics and genomic surveillance.
Author Correction: Phenological shifts alter the seasonal structure of pollinator assemblages in Europe.
Macroevolutionary convergence connects morphological form to ecological function in birds.
The role of artificial intelligence in achieving the Sustainable Development Goals.
Effects of fungal infection on the survival of parasitic bat flies.
Phytoconstituents of an ethanolic pod extract of Prosopis cineraria triggers the inhibition of HMG-CoA reductase and the regression of atherosclerotic plaque in hypercholesterolemic rabbits.
A competence-regulated toxin-antitoxin system in Haemophilus influenzae.
Is Ammonia Excretion Affected by Gill Ventilation in the Rainbow Trout Oncorhynchus mykiss?
Nothing but the facts: a journey together.
Subsistence strategy was the main factor driving population differentiation in the bidirectional corridor of the African Sahel.
Correction to: Feedforward discharges couple the singing central pattern generator and ventilation central pattern generator in the cricket abdominal central nervous system.
Large-scale spatial variation of chronic stress signals in moose.
Phylogeographic analyses point to long-term survival on the spot in micro-endemic Lycian salamanders.
Dysfunction of Oskyddad causes Harlequin-type ichthyosis-like defects in Drosophila melanogaster.
Road verges provide connectivity for small mammals: A case study with wood mice (Apodemus sylvaticus) in an agro-silvo pastoral system.
Toxicological potential of penconazole on early embryogenesis of white mice Mus musculus in either pre- or post-implantation exposure.
Decision making in foraging bats.
Caries and periodontitis associated bacteria are more abundant in human saliva compared to other great apes.
Distribution of chemical residues in the beehive compartments and their transfer to the honeybee brood.
Effects of copper on a reconstructed freshwater rainbow trout gill epithelium: Paracellular and intracellular aspects.
COMPARATIVE RENAL DISPOSITION OF CREATINE, AND TECHNETIUM DIAGNOSTIC CONTRAST AGENTS IN THE PIGEON (COLUMBA LIVIA).
POSTMORTEM FINDINGS IN EIGHT SPECIES OF CAPTIVE CAECILIAN (AMPHIBIA: GYMNOPHIONA) OVER A TEN-YEAR PERIOD.
Impacts of herbicide pendimethalin on sex steroid level, plasma vitellogenin concentration and aromatase activity in teleost Clarias batrachus (Linnaeus).
Piceatannol: A Natural Stilbene for the Prevention and Treatment of Cancer.
Monocytes treated with ciprofloxacin and oxyLDL express myristate, priming atherosclerosis.
High seroprevalence of Toxocara antibodies in pregnant women attending an antenatal clinic at a university hospital in Ile-Ife, Nigeria.
Author Correction: Biodiversity estimates and ecological interpretations of meiofaunal communities are biased by the taxonomic approach.
Global transcriptome analysis of the aphelid Paraphelidium tribonemae supports the phagotrophic origin of fungi.
Puncturevine (Tribulus terrestris L.) affects the proliferation, apoptosis, and ghrelin response of ovarian cells.
Focusing on DNA Repair and Damage Tolerance mechanisms in Mycobacterium tuberculosis: an Emerging Therapeutic Theme.
Carbon dots derived from lychee waste: Application for Fe3+ ions sensing in real water and multicolor cell imaging of skin melanoma cells.
Transfection reagent Lipofectamine triggers type I interferon signaling activation in macrophages.
Assessing sediment particle-size effects on benthic algal colonisation and total carbohydrate production.
Impact of garlic (Allium sativum) oil on cisplatin-induced hepatorenal biochemical and histopathological alterations in rats.
Associative effects of lignin-derived biochar and arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi applied to soil polluted from Pb-acid batteries effluents on barley grain safety.
Persistent endocrine-disrupting chemicals found in human follicular fluid stimulate IGF1 secretion by adult ovarian granulosa cell tumor spheroids and thereby increase proliferation of non-cancer ovarian granulosa cells.
Defining the TLT-1 interactome from resting and activated human platelets.
Ultrastructural description and phylogeny of a novel microsporidian, Glugea eda n. sp. from the striated fusilier, Caesio striata, in the Red Sea off Saudi Arabia.
Disruption in daily eating-fasting and activity-rest cycles in Indian adolescents attending school.
Female finches prefer courtship signals indicating male vigor and neuromuscular ability.
Demography of snowshoe hare population cycles.
Comparative plastid genomics of Cryptomonas species reveals fine-scale genomic responses to loss of photosynthesis.
Apelin and apelin receptor in human placenta: Expression, signalling pathway and regulation of trophoblast JEG-3 and BeWo cells proliferation and cell cycle.
An Improved Systems Approach as a Phytosanitary Measure for Thaumatotibia leucotreta (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae) in Export Citrus Fruit From South Africa.
The genetic mechanism of selfishness and altruism in parent-offspring coadaptation.
Dispersal and life-history traits in a spider with rapid range expansion.
Interleukin-7 Receptor Alpha in Innate Lymphoid Cells: More Than a Marker.
The Compositionally Distinct Cyanobacterial Biocrusts From Brazilian Savanna and Their Environmental Drivers of Community Diversity.
Impact of untreated and Sargassum wightii-treated brilliant green dye exposure on Indian major carp, Labeo rohita Ham.: hematology, biochemistry, enzymology and histopathology.
Biogeography, habitat transitions and hybridization in a radiation of South American silverside fishes revealed by mitochondrial and genomic RAD data.
AZF deletions in Indian populations: original study and meta-analyses.
Experimental evidence for the adaptive response of aquatic invertebrates to chronic predation risk.
Biosecurity dogs detect live insects after training with odour-proxy training aids: Scent extract and dead specimens.
Controlled sampling of ribosomally active protistan diversity in sediment-surface layers identifies putative players in the marine carbon sink.
Micro-CT screening of old shell collections helps to understand the distribution of viviparity in the highly diversified clausiliid clade of land snails.
High-resolution inference of genetic relationships among Jewish populations.
Reply to "Convergent and divergent selection in sympatry drive plumage evolution in woodpeckers".
New data from Monoplacophora and a carefully-curated dataset resolve molluscan relationships.
Inhibiting bacterial cooperation is an evolutionarily robust anti-biofilm strategy.
A lost world in Wallacea: Description of a montane archipelagic avifauna.
Draft Genome Sequences of Two Boron-Tolerant, Arsenic-Resistant, Gram-Positive Bacterial Strains, Lysinibacillus sp. OL1 and Enterococcus sp. OL5, Isolated from Boron-Fortified Cauliflower-Growing Field Soils of Northern West Bengal, India.
Complete Genome Sequence of Lactobacillus plantarum Strain JDARSH, Isolated from Sheep Milk.
Rickettsiae in the common pipistrelle Pipistrellus pipistrellus (Chiroptera: Vespertilionidae) and the bat soft tick Argas vespertilionis (Ixodida: Argasidae).
Correction to: Common ancestry of heterodimerizing TALE homeobox transcription factors across Metazoa and Archaeplastida.
Heavy metal toxicity in the water column and benthic sediments of a degraded tropical stream.
The use of wing fray and sex ratios to determine the origin of flies at an indoor crime scene.
Microplastic ingestion rates are phenotype-dependent in juvenile anemonefish.
Characterization of the complete mitochondrial genome of Cavisoma magnum () (Acanthocephala: Palaeacanthocephala), first representative of the family Cavisomidae, and its phylogenetic implications.
Defensive behaviors and brain regional activation changes in rats confronting a snake.
Characteristic and variability of five complete aphid mitochondrial genomes: Aphis fabae mordvilkoi, Aphis craccivora, Myzus persicae, Therioaphis tenera and Appendiseta robiniae (Hemiptera; Sternorrhyncha; Aphididae).
Indomethacin and juglone inhibit inflammatory molecules to induce apoptosis in colon cancer cells.
Synthesis of novel flexible tamoxifen analogues to overcome CYP2D6 polymorphism and their biological evaluation on MCF-7 cell line.
Insecticides and Ovarian Functions.
Bioengineered microenvironment to culture early embryos.
Identification of Pathways and Genes in the Process of E6/E7 Induced Carcinogenesis of Esophageal Epithelial Cells.
When the Ice Has Gone: Colonisation of Equatorial Glacier Forelands by Ground Beetles (Coleoptera: Carabidae).
Hepatic ameliorative role of vitamin B17 against Ehrlich ascites carcinoma-induced liver toxicity.
Overexpression of miR-124 Protects Against Neurological Dysfunction Induced by Neonatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Brain Injury.
Meta-Transcriptome Profiling of Novel Invasive Pest Spodoptera frugiperda in Yunnan, China.
Extreme temperature drop alters hatching delay, reproductive success, and physiological condition in great tits.
Global evaluation of taxonomic relationships and admixture within the Culex pipiens complex of mosquitoes.
Emerging Potential of Naturally Occurring Autophagy Modulator against Neurodegeneration.
Fasciola helminth defense molecule-1 protects against experimental arthritis by inhibiting osteoclast formation and function without modulating the systemic immune response.
Anisakid Larvae from Anchovies in the South Coast of Korea.
Persistence of chikungunya ECSA genotype and local outbreak in an upper medium class neighborhood in Northeast Brazil.
Phonotactic steering and representation of directional information in the ascending auditory pathway of a cricket.
The septate junction protein Mesh is required for epithelial morphogenesis, ion transport and paracellular permeability in the Drosophila Malpighian tubule.
A major locus controls a biologically active pheromone component in Heliconius melpomene.
Ancient DNA evidence from China reveals the expansion of Pacific dogs.
A global database for metacommunity ecology, integrating species, traits, environment and space.
Sympatric competitors have driven the evolution of temporal activity patterns in Cnemaspis geckos in Southeast Asia.
Corynebacterium tuberculostearicum, a human skin colonizer, induce the canonical nuclear factor-kappaB inflammatory signaling pathway in the human skin cells.
Development and evolution of the tetrapod skull-neck boundary.
Exquisite structure of the lateral line system in eyeless cavefish Sinocyclocheilus tianlinensis contrast to eyed Sinocyclocheilus macrophthalmus (Cypriniformes: Cyprinidae).
The immune challenge of mating effort: steroid hormone profile, dark ventral patch and parasite burden in relation to intrasexual competition in male Iberian red deer.
Monitoring the effects of land transformation on African clawless otters (Aonyx capensis) using fecal glucocorticoid metabolite concentrations as a measure of stress.
Behavioural response of the house mosquitoes Culex quinquefasciatus and Culex pipiens molestus to avian odours and its reliance on carbon dioxide.
Pseudorhabdosynochus kasetsartensis n. sp. (Monogenea: Diplectanidae) from the cloudy grouper Epinephelus erythrurus (Valenciennes) (Perciformes: Serranidae) in the lower Gulf of Thailand.
Risky business: influence of eye flukes on use of risky microhabitats and conspicuousness of a fish host.
Deficiency of TRPM2 leads to embryonic neurogenesis defects in hyperthermia.
Cancer progression is mediated by proline catabolism in non-small cell lung cancer.
Comparative Analyses of Vertebrate Gut Microbiomes Reveal Convergence between Birds and Bats.
Salicylic acid confers resistance against broomrape in tomato through modulation of C and N metabolism.
Rab11 plays a key role in stellate cell differentiation via non-canonical Notch pathway in Malpighian tubules of Drosophila melanogaster.
Human BK and JC Polyomavirus: Molecular insights and prevalence in Asia.
Lens transmittance shapes ultraviolet sensitivity in the eyes of frogs from diverse ecological and phylogenetic backgrounds.
Burrowing below ground: interaction between soil mechanics and evolution of subterranean mammals.
Can Plasmodium \' s tricks for enhancing its transmission be turned against the parasite? New hopes for vector control.
Unhatched eggs represent the invisible fraction in two wild bird populations.
In silico and in vitro antioxidant and anticancer activity profiles of urea and thiourea derivatives of 2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-amine.
Quo vadis Pantanal? Expected precipitation extremes and drought dynamics from changing sea surface temperature.
Expression of Th17- and Treg-specific transcription factors in vitiligo patients.
Molecular analysis of population and De Novo transcriptome sequencing of Thai medaka, Oryzias minutillus (Teleostei: Adrianichthyidae).
Climate change effects on earthworms - a review.
Distinct Roles of Cuticular Aldehydes as Pheromonal Cues in Two Cotesia Parasitoids.
International scientists formulate a roadmap for insect conservation and recovery.
Genetic polymorphisms in malaria vaccine candidate Plasmodium falciparum reticulocyte-binding protein homologue-5 among populations in Lagos, Nigeria.
Macro-Nutritional Adaptive Strategies of Moose (Alces alces) Related to Population Density.
The Simultaneous Administration of a Probiotic or Prebiotic with Live Salmonella Vaccine Improves Growth Performance and Reduces Fecal Shedding of the Bacterium in Salmonella-Challenged Broilers.
Comparative Evaluation of Essential Oils from Medicinal-Aromatic Plants of Greece: Chemical Composition, Antioxidant Capacity and Antimicrobial Activity against Bacterial Fish Pathogens.
Bv8-Like Toxin from the Frog Venom of Amolops jingdongensis Promotes Wound Healing via the Interleukin-1 Signaling Pathway.
Phylogeny of Physarida (Amoebozoa, Myxogastria) Based on the Small-Subunit Ribosomal RNA Gene, Redefinition of Physarum pusillum s. str. and Reinstatement of P. gravidum Morgan.
Evaluation of the uterine hormonal control of the bat Artibeus lituratus during the different phases of its reproductive cycle.
The olfactory reception of acetic acid and ionotropic receptors in the Oriental armyworm, Mythimna separata Walker.
Exposure to radioactive rocks from the Egyptian eastern desert attenuates the efficiency of the immune organs and induces apoptosis of blood lymphocytes in rat model.
Quantitative analysis of lead in cows and buffaloes for health assessment.
Understanding the role of sleep and its disturbances in Autism spectrum disorder.
Progress in the development of virus-like particle vaccines against respiratory viruses.
Molecular Phylogeny of Polychaos annulatum (Amoebozoa, Tubulinea, Euamoebida) Shows that Genus Polychaos Belongs to the Family Hartmannellidae.
Boym \' s "De Indiciis Morborum ex Linguae Coloribus et Affectionibus": The Earliest Chinese Tongue Diagnosis Manual Published in Europe, Identification of Original Chinese Text, Peculiarities of Printed Edition and Its Impact on European Medicine.
Evidence for the presence of African swine fever virus in apparently healthy pigs in South-Kivu Province of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics of Phytochemicals in the Human Body.
A new species of Clinostomum Leidy, 1856 based on molecular and morphological analysis of metacercariae from African siluriform fishes.
Genetic risk for dengue hemorrhagic fever and dengue fever in multiple ancestries.
Inhibition of JNK ameliorates depressive-like behaviors and reduces the activation of pro-inflammatory cytokines and the phosphorylation of glucocorticoid receptors at serine 246 induced by neuroinflammation.
Biting Rates and Onchocerca Infectivity Status of Black Flies from the Simulium damnosum Complex (Diptera: Simuliidae) in Osun State, Nigeria.
Determinants of geographic range size in plants.
Ixodid tick species and two tick-borne pathogens in three areas in the Sudan.
Psilorhynchus nahlongthai, a new fish species (Teleostei: Psilorhynchidae) from the Brahmaputra drainage, northeast India.
Multidomain ribosomal protein trees and the planctobacterial origin of neomura (eukaryotes, archaebacteria).
Effects of the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium flavoviride on the fat body lipid composition of Zophobas morio larvae (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae).
Spaceflight and simulated microgravity suppresses macrophage development via altered RAS/ERK/NFkappaB and metabolic pathways.
Phenological shifts alter the seasonal structure of pollinator assemblages in Europe.
Changes in DNA methylation and histone modification gene expression in response to daily food times in zebra finches: epigenetic implications.
Protection against fowl cholera in ducks immunized with a combination vaccine containing live attenuated duck enteritis virus and recombinant outer membrane protein H of Pasteurella multocida.
Isolation of beta-glucan from Eleusine coracana and its antibiofilm, antidiabetic, antioxidant, and biocompatible activities.
Neurotoxicity of green- synthesized magnetic iron oxide nanoparticles in different brain areas of Wistar rats.
Mechanistic basis of co-stimulatory CD40-CD40L ligation mediated regulation of immune responses in cancer and autoimmune disorders.
Prevalence of human papillomavirus type 16 in Sudanese women diagnosed with cervical carcinoma.
Assessment of the subtypes and the zoonotic risk of Blastocystis sp. of experimental macaques in Yunnan province, southwestern China.
Morphological and molecular description of Armillifer moniliformis larvae isolated from Sri Lankan brown palm civet (Paradoxurus montanus).
Compensatory mutations modulate the competitiveness and dynamics of plasmid-mediated colistin resistance in Escherichia coli clones.
Generation, Coordination, and Evolution of Neural Circuits for Vocal Communication.
Circulatory Glutamine/Glucose ratio for evaluating disease activity in Takayasu arteritis: A NMR based serum metabolomics study.
Biochemical parameters in skin and muscle of Pelophylax kl. esculentus frogs: Influence of a cyanobacterial bloom in situ.
Anthropogenic influences on primate antipredator behavior and implications for research and conservation.
Neurotoxic effects of titanium dioxide nanoparticles on the brain of male sprague dawley rats.
Evaluation of different Pakistani medicinal plants for inhibitory potential against Echis carinatus induced Phospholipase A2 toxicity.
Hispolon induces apoptosis against prostate DU145 cancer cells via modulation of mitochondrial and STAT3 pathways.
Reconnoitring the impact of different extraction techniques on ginger bioactive moieties extraction, antioxidant characterization and physicochemical properties for their therapeutic effect.
Design, synthesis, in-silico study and anticancer potential of novel n-4- piperazinyl-ciprofloxacin-aniline hybrids.
Empirical Primaquine Treatment of Avian Babesiosis in Seabirds.
Role of Intestinal Helminth Parasite of Macrobrachium vollenhovenii-Cucullanus sp. in Host Metal Accumulation in Epe Axis of the Lekki Lagoon, Lagos, Nigeria.
Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons in Sediment and Health Risk of Fish, Crab and Shrimp Around Atlas Cove, Nigeria.
Current Status of Therapeutic Approaches against Peripheral Nerve Injuries: A Detailed Story from Injury to Recovery.
First experimental evidence for olfactory species discrimination in two nocturnal primate species (Microcebus lehilahytsara and M. murinus).
Anticancer Plants: A Review of the Active Phytochemicals, Applications in Animal Models, and Regulatory Aspects.
Age-dependent survival rate of the colonial Little Tern (Sternula albifrons).
Disruption of 17beta-estradiol secretion by persistent organic pollutants present in human follicular fluid is dependent on the potential of ovarian granulosa tumor cell lines to metabolize estrogen.
Alterations of Thyroidal Status in Brain Regions and Hypothalamo-Pituitary-Blood-Thyroid-axis Associated with Dopaminergic Depletion in SubstantiaNigra and ROS Formation in Different Brain Regions after MPTP Treatment in Adult Male Mice.
NADPH oxidase1 inhibition leads to regression of central sensitization during formalin induced acute nociception via attenuation of ERK1/2-NFkappaB signaling and glial activation.
Report of high prevalence of schistosome infection in Biomphalaria snails from a geographic area with no previous prevalence of human schistosomiasis in Nigeria.
A framework for the development of a global standardised marine taxon reference image database (SMarTaR-ID) to support image-based analyses.
TRY plant trait database - enhanced coverage and open access.
Prospects of HSP70 as a genetic marker for thermo-tolerance and immuno-modulation in animals under climate change scenario.
Nitric oxide, DPPH and hydrogen peroxide radical scavenging activity of TEMPO terminated polyurethane dendrimers: Data supporting antioxidant activity of radical dendrimers.
Effect of ethanolic preparations of cinnamon (Cinnamomum zeylanicum) extract on hematologic and histometric parameters of selected organs in Alloxan  induced diabetic female albino rats.
Local cold adaption increases the thermal window of temperate mussels in the Arctic.
Optimizing cultivation of Cordyceps militaris for fast growth and cordycepin overproduction using rational design of synthetic media.
Sub-lethal effect of synthetic pyrethroid pesticide on metabolic enzymes and protein profile of non-target Zebra fish, Danio rerio.
Analysis of bioactive composites and antiviral activity of Iresine herbstii extracts against Newcastle disease virus in ovo.
Assessment of DNA integrity through MN bioassay of erythrocytes and histopathological changes in Wallago attu and Cirrhinus mirigala in response to freshwater pollution.
Comparative study of physio-chemical analysis of fresh and branded honeys from Pakistan.
Insecticidal, biological and biochemical response of Musca domestica (Diptera: Muscidae) to some indigenous weed plant extracts.
A provisional checklist of the avifauna of Turaif province, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Genotoxicity and repair capability of Mus musculus DNA following the oral exposure to Tramadol.
Effects of temperature on baseline susceptibility and stability of insecticide resistance against Plutella xylostella (Lepidoptera: Plutellidae) in the absence of selection pressure.
Factors that affect the translation of dietary restriction into a longer life.
Changes in brain peptides associated with reproduction and energy homeostasis: Putative roles of GnRH-II and TH in determining reproductive performance in response to daily food availability times in diurnal zebra finches.
A computational insight into the molecular interactions of chlorpyrifos and its degradation products with the human progesterone receptor leading to endocrine disruption.
The human remains from Axlor (Dima, Biscay, northern Iberian Peninsula).
Ferulic acid prevents oxidative stress, inflammation, and liver injury via upregulation of Nrf2/HO-1 signaling in methotrexate-induced rats.
The Levantine jellyfish Rhopilema nomadica and Rhizostoma pulmo swim faster against the flow than with the flow.
Conflictual influence of humidity during shelter selection of the American cockroach (Periplaneta americana).
Evidence of tool use in a seabird.
Fin ray patterns at the fin-to-limb transition.
Odor-induced multi-level inhibitory maps in Drosophila.
Novel halochromic cellulose nanowhiskers from rice straw: Visual detection of urea.
Travel time to health facilities in areas of outbreak potential: maps for guiding local preparedness and response.
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and glycopeptide-resistant enterococci in fecal samples of birds from South-Eastern Poland.
Biosynthesized ZnO-NPs from Morus indica Attenuates Methylglyoxal-Induced Protein Glycation and RBC Damage: In-Vitro, In-Vivo and Molecular Docking Study.
Bioactivities of Geranium wallichianum Leaf Extracts Conjugated with Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles.
Consumption of Terpenoids-Rich Padina pavonia Extract Attenuates Hyperglycemia, Insulin Resistance and Oxidative Stress, and Upregulates PPARgamma in a Rat Model of Type 2 Diabetes.
Multifunctional cellulose nanocrystal /metal oxide hybrid, photo-degradation, antibacterial and larvicidal activities.
Dataset on in vitro maintenance of Mansonella perstans microfilariae and drug testing.
Evaluation of Urine Reagent Strip as a Tool for Routine Diagnosis of Maternal Urogenital Schistosomiasis at Antenatal Clinic Visit in Munyenge, South West Region, Cameroon.
In Vivo Evaluation of Histopathological Alterations and Trace Metals Estimation of the Small Intestine in Bisphenol A-Intoxicated Rats.
Nephroprotective Role of Beta vulgaris L. Root Extract against Chlorpyrifos-Induced Renal Injury in Rats.
Effect of the Hydroethanolic Extract of Bixa orellana Linn (Bixaceae) Leaves on Castor Oil-Induced Diarrhea in Swiss Albino Mice.
Expression of estrogen receptor alpha in response to stress and estrogen antagonist tamoxifen in the shell gland of Gallus gallus domesticus: Involvement of anti-oxidant system and estrogen.
The hypoxia tolerance of 8 related African mole-rat species rivals that of naked mole-rats, despite divergent ventilatory and metabolic strategies in severe hypoxia.
Campylobacter in wintering great tits Parus major in Poland.
A novel method to detect bovine sex pheromones using l-tyrosine-capped silver nanoparticles: Special reference to nanosensor based estrus detection.
Current advancement and future prospect of biosorbents for bioremediation.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in soils and sediments in Southwest Nigeria.
Ocean acidification affects biological activities of seaweeds: A case study of Sargassum vulgare from Ischia volcanic CO2 vents.
Molecular characterization and ornithine-urea cycle genes expression in air-breathing magur catfish (Clarias magur) during exposure to high external ammonia.
CFAP43 modulates ciliary beating in mouse and Xenopus.
Oxytocin increases after affiliative interactions in male Barbary macaques.
Character Displacement drives floral variation in Pelargonium (Geraniaceae) communities.
Desert crossing strategies of migrant songbirds vary between and within species.
Distinct pathways for zinc metabolism in the terrestrial slug Arion vulgaris.
Transcriptome-wide analysis of the SCNT bovine abnormal placenta during mid- to late gestation.
Terminal-Repeat Retrotransposons in Miniature (TRIMs) in bivalves.
The origins of the stochastic theory of population genetics: The Wright-Fisher model.
Ethnozoological knowledge of traditional fishing villages about the anadromous sea lamprey (Petromyzon marinus) in the Minho river, Portugal.
A genome-skimmed phylogeny of a widespread bryozoan family, Adeonidae.
Bats and ticks: host selection and seasonality of bat-specialist ticks in eastern Europe.
Impact of vector control interventions on malaria transmission intensity, outdoor vector biting rates and Anopheles mosquito species composition in Tororo, Uganda.
Rationalization of a traditional liver medicine using systems biology approach and its evaluation in preclinical trial.
Robinia pseudoacacia-dominated vegetation types of Southern Europe: Species composition, history, distribution and management.
An integrative phylogenomic approach illuminates the evolutionary history of Old World tree frogs (Anura: Rhacophoridae).
Dynasore potentiates c-Met inhibitors against hepatocellular carcinoma through destabilizing c-Met.
Plant-herbivorous insect networks: who are eating what revealed by long-barcodes using high-throughput sequencing and Trinity assembly.
Regulation of signaling pathways by Ampelopsin (Dihydromyricetin) in different cancers: exploring the highways and byways less travelled.
A calcium-mediated actin redistribution at egg activation in Drosophila.
Return of the founder Chikungunya virus to its place of introduction into Brazil is revealed by genomic characterization of exanthematic disease cases.
Chlorpyrifos levels within permitted limits induce nuclear abnormalities and DNA damage in the erythrocytes of the common carp.
NAI2 and TSA1 Drive Differentiation of Constitutive and Inducible ER Body Formation in Brassicaceae.
Characterization of the estrous cycle in the Amazon spiny rat (Proechimys guyannensis).
Contributions to the knowledge of Pseudolevinseniella (Trematoda: Digenea) and temnocephalans from alien crayfish in natural freshwaters of Thailand.
Tomato RNA-seq Data Mining Reveals the Taxonomic and Functional Diversity of Root-Associated Microbiota.
Antagonistic Efficacy of Luteolin against Lead Acetate Exposure-Associated with Hepatotoxicity is Mediated via Antioxidant, Anti-Inflammatory, and Anti-Apoptotic Activities.
Impacts of Strain Variation on Response to Heat Stress and Boldo Extract Supplementation to Broiler Chickens.
DNA Barcoding Subtropical Aphids and Implications for Population Differentiation.
Genes regulating wing patterning in Drosophila melanogaster show reduced expression under exposure of Daminozide, the fruit ripening retardant.
Terminalia bellirica extract induces anticancer activity through modulation of apoptosis and autophagy in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Natural Leishmania (Leishmania) mexicana infection and biting activity of anthropophilic sand fly Lutzomyia ayacuchensis in the Ecuadorian Andes.
A framework for evaluating the impact of the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Morphology and evolution of the snake cornea.
Molecular Signatures of Dengue Virus-Specific IL-10/IFN-gamma Co-producing CD4 T Cells and Their Association with Dengue Disease.
Complexin I knockout rats exhibit a complex neurobehavioral phenotype including profound ataxia and marked deficits in lifespan.
The northernmost record of a blood-sucking ectoparasite, Lipoptena fortisetosa Maa (Diptera: Hippoboscidae), in Estonia.
A new species of stygobitic snail in the genus Antrorbis Hershler &amp; Thompson, 1990 (Gastropoda, Cochliopidae) from the Appalachian Valley and Ridge of eastern Tennessee, USA.
Taxonomic revision of the genus Machleida Fahraeus, 1870 (Tenebrionidae, Pimeliinae, Asidini).
Publisher Correction: Anatomical study of the coffee berry borer (Hypothenemus hampei) using micro-computed tomography.
Consequences of a short time exposure to a sublethal dose of Flupyradifurone (Sivanto) pesticide early in life on survival and immunity in the honeybee (Apis mellifera).
Author Correction: Hotspots of recent hybridization between pigs and wild boars in Europe.
Morphological stasis in the first myxomycete from the Mesozoic, and the likely role of cryptobiosis.
Erratum to "Ontogenetic shifts in the diets of Plains Hog-nosed snakes (Colubridae: Heterodon) revealed by stable isotope analysis" [Zoology 127 (2017) 83-91].
Genetic variation and admixture of red-eared sliders (Trachemys scripta elegans) in the USA.
Effect of cysteine peptidase inhibitor of Eudiplozoon nipponicum (Monogenea) on cytokine expression of macrophages in vitro.
Synergistic antioxidant effects of resveratrol and curcumin against fipronil-triggered oxidative damage in male albino rats.
Genome-wide profiles indicate wolf population connectivity within the eastern Carpathian Mountains.
Bone status of young adults with periodic avoidance of dairy products since childhood.
Correction to: Rain-Fed Granite Rock Basins Accumulate a High Diversity of Dormant Microbial Eukaryotes.
Biomarker Responses in the Freshwater Shrimp Caridina nilotica as Indicators of Persistent Pollutant Exposure.
Light sheets unveil host-microorganism interactions.
Ecological genomics of adaptation to unpredictability in experimental rotifer populations.
Phylogeographic and phenotypic outcomes of brown anole colonization across the Caribbean provide insight into the beginning stages of an adaptive radiation.
Assessing Changes in Genomic Divergence Following a Century of Human Mediated Secondary Contact among Wild and Captive-bred Ducks.
Spatiotemporal heterogeneity decouples infection parameters of amphibian chytridiomycosis.
Seroprevalence of circulating taeniid antigens in pigs and associated risk factors in Kongwa district, Tanzania.
Ontogenetic and inter-elemental osteohistological variability in the leopard tortoise Stigmochelys pardalis.
Dispersal patterns in a medium-density Irish badger population: Implications for understanding the dynamics of tuberculosis transmission.
Dihydrotestosterone and 17-Estradiol Enhancement of in vitro Osteogenic Differentiation of Castrated Male Rat Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells (rBMMSCs).
Investigation of house dust mite induced allergy using logistic regression in West Bengal, India.
Description of Seba longimera sp. nov. from hydrothermal vents in the Okinawa Trough, Northwest Pacific (Amphipoda, Amphilochoidea, Sebidae).
Sensitization to oxidative stress and G2/M cell cycle arrest by histone deacetylase inhibition in hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Molecular genotyping and epidemiology of equine piroplasmids in South Africa.
Enterobacter sp. AA26 gut symbiont as a protein source for Mediterranean fruit fly mass-rearing and sterile insect technique applications.
A Synthesis of Maternal Transfer of Mercury in Birds: Implications for Altered Toxicity Risk.
Weak selection can filter environmental noise in the evolution of animal behavior.
Genetic determinants of genus-Level glycan diversity in a bacterial protein glycosylation system.
Harvest models of small populations of a large carnivore using Bayesian forecasting.
Phylogenetic and secondary RNA structure analysis of monogenean gill ectoparasites(Dactylogyrus spp.) parasitizing certain freshwater fishes.
Environmental exposure of arsenic and fluoride and their combined toxicity: A recent update.
Lysophosphatidic acid promotes survival of T lymphoma cells by altering apoptosis and glucose metabolism.
Synthesis of Calix-Salen Silver Corates for Evaluation of Their Antimicrobial and Anticancer Activities.
The "Law of Brevity" in animal communication: Sex-specific signaling optimization is determined by call amplitude rather than duration.
Molecular Mechanisms of Action of Genistein in Cancer: Recent Advances.
Green synthesis and structural classification of Acacia nilotica mediated-silver doped titanium oxide (Ag/TiO2) spherical nanoparticles: Assessment of its antimicrobial and anticancer activity.
Review of the Arabian Crematogaster Lund (Hymenoptera, Formicidae), synoptic list, distribution, and description of two new species from Oman and Saudi Arabia.
Revision of fossil Metretopodidae (Insecta, Ephemeroptera) in Baltic amber - Part 4: Description of two new species of Siphloplecton Clemens, 1915, with notes on the new S. jaegeri species group and with key to fossil male adults of Siphloplecton.
A novel phytosterol isolated from Datura inoxia, RinoxiaB is a potential cure colon cancer agent by targeting BAX/Bcl2 pathway.
Cormorants as Potential Victims and Reservoirs of Velogenic Newcastle Disease Virus (Orthoavulavirus-1) in Central Asia.
Correction to: Hemotoxic effects of some herbicides on juvenile of Nile tilapia Oreochromis niloticus.
Dietary variation in Icelandic arctic fox (Vulpes lagopus) over a period of 30 years assessed through stable isotopes.
Presence of Mother Reduces Early-Life Social Stress: Linking the Alteration in Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal Axis and Serotonergic System.
Association of the STAT6 rs3024974 (C/T) Polymorphism with IgE-Mediated Food Sensitization among West Bengal Population in India.
Enriched pressmud vermicompost production with green manure plants using Eudrilus eugeniae.
A new approach to the biological monitoring of freshwater systems: Mapping nutrient loading in two South African rivers, a case study.
Potential use of chromium to combat thermal stress in animals: A review.
Wheat biological responses to stress caused by cadmium, nickel and lead.
Design, molecular modeling and anticancer evaluation of thieno[2,3-d]pyrimidine derivatives as inhibitors of topoisomerase II.
A transcriptome approach evaluating effects of neonatal androgen and anti-androgen treatments on regulation of luteal function in sexually mature pigs.
Antioxidant enzymes as biomarkers of Cu and Pb exposure in the ground spiders Lycosa terrestris and Pardosa birmanica.
Maize roots and shoots show distinct profiles of oxidative stress and antioxidant defense under heavy metal toxicity.
The potential sensing molecules and signal cascades for protecting teleost fishes against lipopolysaccharide.
Genetic structure and geographical variation of Bithynia siamensis goniomphalos sensu lato (Gastropoda: Bithyniidae), the snail intermediate host of Opisthorchis viverrini sensu lato (Digenea: Opisthorchiidae) in the Lower Mekong Basin revealed by mitochondrial DNA sequences.
Seasonal changes in immune response and reproductive investment in a biparental beetle.
Expression of TRIM22 mRNA in Chronic Hepatitis C Patients Treated with Direct-Acting Antiviral Drugs.
Senna alexandrina extract supplementation reverses hepatic oxidative, inflammatory, and apoptotic effects of cadmium chloride administration in rats.
Aggregation, adhesion and efficacy studies of probiotic candidate Pediococcus acidilactici NCDC 252: a strain of dairy origin.
Selenium and L-Carnitine Ameliorate Reproductive Toxicity Induced by Cadmium in Male Mice.
Comments on  \' In vitro culture of cynomolgus monkey embryos beyond early gastrulation \' .
Controlling invasive Argentine ants, Linepithema humile, in conservation areas using horizontal insecticide transfer.
Survival of a long-lived single island endemic, the Raso lark Alauda razae, in relation to age, fluctuating population and rainfall.
The driver of dengue fever incidence in two high-risk areas of China: A comparative study.
Distinct metabolic profiles in Drosophila sperm and somatic tissues revealed by two-photon NAD(P)H and FAD autofluorescence lifetime imaging.
Phylogeographic evidence that the distribution of cryptic euryhaline species in the Gambusia punctata species group in Cuba was shaped by the archipelago geological history.
Impact Effect of Methyl Tertiary-Butyl Ether "Twelve Months Vapor Inhalation Study in Rats".
Abamectin Efficacy on the Potato Cyst Nematode Globodera pallida.
Neonatal Exposure to Agonists and Antagonists of Sex Steroid Receptors Affects AMH and FSH Plasma Level and Their Receptors Expression in the Adult Pig Ovary.
Cadmium Pathways in Snails Follow a Complementary Strategy between Metallothionein Detoxification and Auxiliary Inactivation by Phytochelatins.
Danio Rerio as Model Organism for Adenoviral Vector Evaluation.
Assessment of Anal Cancer Screening Tools in Detecting High-Grade Anal Squamous Intraepithelial Lesions in Women.
Gyrodactylus magadiensis n. sp. (Monogenea, Gyrodactylidae) parasitising the gills of Alcolapia grahami (Perciformes, Cichlidae), a fish inhabiting the extreme environment of Lake Magadi, Kenya.
Radiation biology of a serious tropical pigeon pea pest, Maruca vitrata (Fabricius) (Lepidoptera: Crambidae) and potential of radiation mediated  \' Inherited (F1) Sterility technique \'  for the pest suppression.
Anthropogenic stressors affect fungal more than bacterial communities in decaying leaf litter: A stream mesocosm experiment.
From theory to experiments for testing the proximate mechanisms of mast seeding: an agenda for an experimental ecology.
Treated Textile Effluents: Cytotoxic and Genotoxic Effects in the Natural Aquatic Environment.
Intrinsic and extrinsic drivers of intraspecific variation in seed dispersal are diverse and pervasive.
Genetic variation and cryptic lineage diversity of the Nigerian red-headed rock agama Agama agama associate with eco-geographic zones.
Corrigenda: Species delimitation of crab-eating frogs (Fejervarya cancrivora complex) clarifies taxonomy and geographic distributions in mainland Southeast Asia. ZooKeys 883: 119-153. https://doi.org/10.3897/zookeys.883.37544.
A review of the Indonesian species of the family Signiphoridae (Hymenoptera, Chalcidoidea), with description of three new species.
Author Correction: From taxonomic deflation to newly detected cryptic species: Hidden diversity in a widespread African squeaker catfish.
Response to Comment on "Demographic dynamics of the smallest marine vertebrates fuel coral reef ecosystem functioning".
De Novo Assembly of a High-Quality Reference Genome for the Horned Lark (Eremophila alpestris).
Fabrication of Calcium Phosphate Composite Polymer/SLS-stabilized Emulsion-based Bioactive Gels and Their Application for Dentine Tubule Occlusion.
High cases of submicroscopic Plasmodium falciparum infections in a suburban population of Lagos, Nigeria.
Fluorescent analysis of boar sperm capacitation process in vitro.
Variability of mitochondrial ORFans hints at possible differences in the system of doubly uniparental inheritance of mitochondria among families of freshwater mussels (Bivalvia: Unionida).
The association between childhood maltreatment and empathic perspective taking is moderated by the 5-HTT linked polymorphic region: Another example of "differential susceptibility".
Changing landscape configuration demands ecological planning: Retrospect and prospect for megaherbivores of North Bengal.
Gene drives for schistosomiasis transmission control.
Seroprevalence estimates for toxocariasis in people worldwide: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evaluation of cytogenotoxic potential of Morinda lucida leaf extract on Swiss albino male mice using two bioassays.
Bisphenol A-induced oxidative damage in the hepatic and cardiac tissues of rats: The modulatory role of sesame lignans.
Seroprevalence and associated risk factors of Entamoeba histolytica infection among gastroenteritis patients visiting the public healthcare system, Pakistan.
Chemical composition of food induces plasticity in digestive morphology in larvae of Rana temporaria.
Morphometric traits predict educational attainment independently of socioeconomic background.
Effect of Light Intensity on Survival, Growth and Physiology of Rohu, Labeo rohita (Cyprinidae) Fry.
Highly pathogenic H5N6 avian influenza virus outbreak in Pavo cristatus in Jiangxi Province, China.
Food from faeces: Evaluating the efficacy of scat DNA metabarcoding in dietary analyses.
Evolutionary Models for the Diversification of Placental Mammals Across the KPg Boundary.
A Phylogenomic Analysis of the Floral Transcriptomes of Sexually Deceptive and Rewarding European Orchids, Ophrys and Gymnadenia.
Freshwater Sponge Tubella variabilis Presents Richer Microbiota Than Marine Sponge Species.
New Drosophila Circadian Clock Mutants Affecting Temperature Compensation Induced by Targeted Mutagenesis of Timeless.
Hidden Costs in the Physiology of Argia anceps (Zigoptera: Coenagrionidae) due to Pollution.
Complex symbiotic systems of two treehopper species: Centrotus cornutus (Linnaeus, 1758) and Gargara genistae (Fabricius, 1775) (Hemiptera: Cicadomorpha: Membracoidea: Membracidae).
Distribution of gonadotropin-inhibitory hormone (GnIH)-like immunoreactivity in the brain and pituitary of the frog (Pelophylax esculentus) during development.
A transposable element insertion is associated with an alternative life history strategy.
Coxiella burnetii and Francisella tularensis in wild small mammals from the Czech Republic.
Thymoquinone ameliorates Pachycondyla sennaarensis venom-induced acute toxic shock in male rats.
Increased songbird nest depredation due to Aleppo pine (Pinus halepensis) encroachment in Mediterranean shrubland.
Medfly-Wolbachia symbiosis: genotype x genotype interactions determine host \' s life history traits under mass rearing conditions.
Evolution of a multifunctional trait: shared effects of foraging ecology and thermoregulation on beak morphology, with consequences for song evolution.
Mesozoic sooty mould beetles as living relicts in New Zealand.
Ordered phylogenomic subsampling enables diagnosis of systematic errors in the placement of the enigmatic arachnid order Palpigradi.
Intergroup aggression in meerkats.
Electromagnetic 0.1-100 kHz noise does not disrupt orientation in a night-migrating songbird implying a spin coherence lifetime of less than 10 micros.
Collective decision-making appears more egalitarian in populations where group fission costs are higher.
The dynamics underlying avian extinction trajectories forecast a wave of extinctions.
Electrophysiological and Alarm Responses of Solenopsis invicta Buren (Hymenoptera: Formicidae) to 2-Ethyl-3,5-dimethylpyrazine (Short Title: EAG and Behavioral Responses of Fire Ants to Pyrazine).
High-Energy Diet and Shorter Light Exposure Drives Markers of Adipocyte Dysfunction in Visceral and Subcutaneous Adipose Depots of Psammomys obesus.
Cannibalism.
Host dispersal shapes the population structure of a tick-borne bacterial pathogen.
Genomic mechanisms of physiological and morphological adaptations of limestone langurs to karst habitats.
Oxidation resistance 1 prevents genome instability through maintenance of G2/M arrest in gamma-ray-irradiated cells.
Comparative performance-based studies of second generation anticoagulant rodenticides bromadiolone and flocoumafen in Mus musculus.
Immunogenicity and contraceptive efficacy of recombinant fusion protein encompassing Sp17 spermatozoa specific protein and GnRH: relevance of adjuvants and micro-particles based delivery to minimize number of injections.
Mechanisms of the direct effects of oil-related contaminants on ovarian cells.
Cynara scolymus leaves extract alleviates nandrolone decanoate-induced alterations in testicular function and sperm quality in albino rats.
Captivity stress influences the DNA damage of Pavo cristatus under environmental conditions of Faisalabad, Pakistan.
The Potential Role of Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles in MicroRNAs Dysregulation in STZ-Induced Type 2 Diabetes in Rats.
Establishment of Neurobehavioral Assessment System in Tree Shrew SCT Model.
Effect of an antimicrobial drug on lung microbiota in healthy dogs.
Antiviral and virucidal activities of Lucilia cuprina maggots \'  excretion/secretion (Diptera: Calliphoridae): first work.
Antidengue potential of leaf extracts of Pavetta tomentosa and Tarenna asiatica (Rubiaceae) against dengue virus and its vector Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Cross-sectional investigation and risk factor analysis of community-acquired and hospital-associated canine viral infectious respiratory disease complex.
Organ health and development in larval kingfish are unaffected by ocean acidification and warming.
Diet-based assortative mating through sexual imprinting.
The tremendous diversity of Labiobaetis Novikova &amp; Kluge in Indonesia (Ephemeroptera, Baetidae).
New distributional records for sixteen Mordellidae species from the Western Palearctic (Insecta, Coleoptera, Mordellidae).
Variation in the number of testicular follicles and ovarioles among 18 lacewing species of the families Myrmeleontidae, Ascalaphidae, and Nemopteridae (Insecta, Neuroptera, Myrmeleontiformia).
First report and molecular characterization of the dagger nematode, Xiphinema oxycaudatum (Nematoda, Dorylaimidae) from South Africa.
Epigenomic analysis of gastrulation identifies a unique chromatin state for primed pluripotency.
Global no net loss of natural ecosystems.
The social coevolution hypothesis for the origin of enzymatic cooperation.
The antimicrobial peptide ZY4 combats multidrug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii infection.
Receding ice drove parallel expansions in Southern Ocean penguins.
Cuticle sclerotization determines the difference between the elastic moduli of locust tibiae.
Statistical optimization and characterization of a biocellulose produced by local Egyptian isolate Komagataeibacter hansenii AS.5.
Enzootic patterns of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus in imported African and local Arabian dromedary camels: a prospective genomic study.
Differential responses of two cyanobacterial species to R-metalaxyl toxicity: Growth, photosynthesis and antioxidant analyses.
Leucine-enkephalin-immunoreactive neurons in the brain of the cichlid fish Oreochromis mossambicus.
The characteristics and biological significance of NPC2: Mutation and disease.
LC-MS/MS analysis reveals placental differential expression of chorionic somatomammotropin hormone/human growth hormone in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Lagerstroemia speciosa (L.) Pers Leaf Extract Attenuates Lung Tumorigenesis via Alleviating Oxidative Stress, Inflammation and Apoptosis.
Tenebrio molitor and Zophobas morio Full-Fat Meals in Broiler Chicken Diets: Effects on Nutrients Digestibility, Digestive Enzyme Activities, and Cecal Microbiome.
Quantitative metabolic biomarker analysis of mild cognitive impairment in eastern U.P. and Bihar population.
An endophytic Penicillium oxalicum isolated from Citrus limon possesses antioxidant and genoprotective potential.
Profiles of Emerging and Legacy Per-/Polyfluoroalkyl Substances in Matched Serum and Semen Samples: New Implications for Human Semen Quality.
Tube-nosed variations - a new species of the genus Murina (Chiroptera: Vespertilionidae) from China.
CaptureProbe: a java tool for designing probes for capture Hi-C applications.
Neuroprotectants attenuate hypobaric hypoxia-induced brain injuries in cynomolgus monkeys.
Identification of a functional 339-bp Alu insertion polymorphism in the schizophrenia-associated locus at 10q24.32.
Ancient DNA suggests modern wolves trace their origin to a Late Pleistocene expansion from Beringia.
Identifying potentially invasive non-native marine and brackish water species for the Arabian Gulf and Sea of Oman.
In Vitro Reconstitution of Spatial Cell Contact Patterns with Isolated Caenorhabditis elegans Embryo Blastomeres and Adhesive Polystyrene Beads.
Diversity of bacteria associated with Hormaphidinae aphids (Hemiptera: Aphididae).
Functional losses in ground spider communities due to habitat-structure degradation under tropical land-use change.
Ziziphus spina-christi leaf extract attenuates mercury chloride-induced testicular dysfunction in rats.
Correction to: Epigenetic Regulation of SNAP25 Prevents Progressive Glutamate Excitotoxicty in Hypoxic CA3 Neurons.
Seasonal variation in exploitative competition between honeybees and bumblebees.
Effects of autologous platelet-rich plasma coated sutures on intestinal anastomotic healing in rabbits.
Humeral fracture treatment in pigeons by bone pins made from ovine and canine bones.
Requirement for translocon-associated protein (TRAP) alpha in insulin biogenesis.
Samsum ant venom modulates the immune response and redox status at the acute toxic dose in vivo.
Evolutionary History, Genomic Adaptation to Toxic Diet, and Extinction of the Carolina Parakeet.
Comparative toxicity of UV-filter Octyl methoxycinnamate and its photoproducts on zebrafish development.
Comprehensive fitness evaluation of common carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) after twelve weeks of atrazine exposure.
Comparing abundance distributions and range maps in spatial conservation planning for migratory species.
Sunning in extreme heat by the critically endangered hooded vulture: a strategy to fight ectoparasites?
Assessment of bioaccumulation of cu and Pb in experimentally exposed spiders, Lycosa terrestris and Pardosa birmanica, using different exposure routes.
Fucoidan alleviates microcystin-LR-induced hepatic, renal, and cardiac oxidative stress and inflammatory injuries in mice.
Erratum to "Developmental effects on hypothalamic, hypophyseal, testicular and steroidogenic patterns of sertraline-exposed male rats by accumulated doses from juvenile to puberty" [Ecotoxicol. Environ. Saf. 188C (2020) 109840].
The effects of chronic lead exposure on the liver of female Japanese quail (Coturnix japonica): Histopathological damages, oxidative stress and AMP-activated protein kinase based lipid metabolism disorder.
Effects of bamboo shoots (Bambusa balcooa) on thyroid hormone synthesizing regulatory elements at cellular and molecular levels in thyrocytes.
Polycomb Group Proteins Regulate Chromatin Architecture in Mouse Oocytes and Early Embryos.
Effects of dietary inclusion of chromium propionate on growth performance, intestinal health, immune response and nutrient transporter gene expression in broilers.
Citizen science and smartphone e-entomology enables low-cost upscaling of mosquito surveillance.
Habitat extremity and conservation management stabilise endangered calcareous fens in a changing world.
Epigenetic regulations in alternative telomere lengthening: Understanding the mechanistic insight in arsenic-induced skin cancer patients.
Apoptosis: A target for anticancer therapy with novel cyanopyridines.
ILS-Aware Analysis of Low-Homoplasy Retroelement Insertions: Inference of Species Trees and Introgression Using Quartets.
Non-specific expression of fertilization genes in the crown-of-thorns Acanthaster cf. solaris: unexpected evidence of hermaphroditism in a coral reef predator.
Multi-elemental concentration in different body parts of Sepiella inermis by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry.
Mesophotic.org: a repository for scientific information on mesophotic ecosystems.
The first global deep-sea stable isotope assessment reveals the unique trophic ecology of Vampire Squid Vampyroteuthis infernalis (Cephalopoda).
N-Cadherin Is Critical for the Survival of Germ Cells, the Formation of Steroidogenic Cells, and the Architecture of Developing Mouse Gonads.
Consequences Matter: Compassion in Conservation Means Caring for Individuals, Populations and Species.
Study of Humoral Responses against Lomentospora/Scedosporium spp. and Aspergillus fumigatus to Identify L. prolificans Antigens of Interest for Diagnosis and Treatment.
Characterization of the Interaction of Neuropathy Target Esterase with the Endoplasmic Reticulum and Lipid Droplets.
Genetic Characterization and Molecular Evolution of Urban Seoul Virus in Southern China.
Stygamoeba cauta n. sp. (Amoebozoa, Discosea) - a new brackish-water species from Niva Bay (Baltic Sea, The Sound).
The effect of low-dose naltrexone on solid Ehrlich carcinoma in mice: The role of OGFr, BCL2, and immune response.
Difficulties in benchmarking ecological null models: an assessment of current methods.
A Comparative Analysis of Fluoride-Contaminated Groundwater and Sodium Fluoride-Induced Reproductive Toxicity and Its Reversibility in Male Rats.
Synthesis and characterization of newly synthesized neodymium zirconate zinc sulfide nanocomposite and its effect on selected aspects of albino mice behavior.
Enzymatic, Non-enzymatatic Antioxidant Levels and Heat Shock Protein Expression as Indicators of Metal Induced Toxicity and Reproductive Modulation in Female Indian Major Carp Cirrhinus cirrhosus.
Redescription of Synactinernus flavus for the First Time after a Century and Description of Synactinernus churaumi sp. nov. (Cnidaria: Anthozoa: Actiniaria).
Assessment of Three Diet Types on Constitutive Immune Parameters in Captive Budgerigar (Melopsittacus undulatus).
Quantitative proteomics decodes clusterin as a critical regulator of paternal factors responsible for impaired compensatory metabolic reprogramming in recurrent pregnancy loss.
Comparative analysis of bovine maternal corpus luteum microRNAs with aberrant and normal developed cloned fetus at late gestation.
Morphological and Molecular Characteristics of the Gastro-Intestinal Nematode Parasite Ascaridia columbae Infecting the Domestic Pigeon Columba livia domestica in Saudi Arabia.
Comparison of Methyl Bromide and Phosphine for Fumigation of Necrobia rufipes (Coleoptera: Cleridae) and Tyrophagus putrescentiae (Sarcoptiformes: Acaridae), Pests of High-Value Stored Products.
How and Why Men and Women Differ in Their Microbiomes: Medical Ecology and Network Analyses of the Microgenderome.
Integrating population genetics to define conservation units from the core to the edge of Rhinolophus ferrumequinum western range.
Multiple freshwater invasions of the tapertail anchovy (Clupeiformes: Engraulidae) of the Yangtze River.
Genetic divergence and phenotypic plasticity contribute to variation in cuticular hydrocarbons in the seaweed fly Coelopa frigida.
To remain or leave: Dispersal variation and its genetic consequences in benthic freshwater invertebrates.
An oversimplification of physiological principles leads to flawed macroecological analyses.
Molecular docking based virtual screening of carbonic anhydrase IX with coumarin (a cinnamon compound) derived ligands.
Dynamic range expansion leads to establishment of a new, genetically distinct wolf population in Central Europe.
Universality of indeterminate growth in lizards rejected: the micro-CT reveals contrasting timing of growth cartilage persistence in iguanas, agamas, and chameleons.
Epigenetic deregulation of GATA3 in neuroblastoma is associated with increased GATA3 protein expression and with poor outcomes.
The odonate phenotypic database, a new open data resource for comparative studies of an old insect order.
Measuring the success of climate change adaptation and mitigation in terrestrial ecosystems.
Pervasive human-driven decline of life on Earth points to the need for transformative change.
Systematic genome editing of the genes on zebrafish Chromosome 1 by CRISPR/Cas9.
Metalloestrogen uptake, antioxidant modulation and ovotestes development in Callinectes amnicola (blue crab): A first report of crustacea intersex in the Lagos lagoon (Nigeria).
An update on non-invasive urine diagnostics for human-infecting parasitic helminths: what more could be done and how?
Correction to: Homozygous missense variant in the TTN gene causing autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 10.
Malabaricone C attenuates NSAID-induced gastric ulceration by reducing oxidative/nitrative stress and inflammation and promoting angiogenic auto-healing.
beta-glucan extracted from eukaryotic single-celled microorganism Saccharomyces cerevisiae: Dietary supplementation and enhanced ammonia stress tolerance on Oreochromis mossambicus.
Corvids exhibit dynamic risk assessment during escape.
High glucose augments ROS generation regulates mitochondrial dysfunction and apoptosis via stress signalling cascades in keratinocytes.
An Evolutionary Perspective on Sedentary Behavior.
Laboratory Evaluation of Egg White and Milk External Biomarkers for Wasmannia auropunctata (Hymenoptera: Formicidae).
Re-assessing the diversity of negative strand RNA viruses in insects.
The benefits of insect-swarm hunting to echolocating bats, and its influence on the evolution of bat echolocation signals.
Microbacterium wangchenii sp. nov., isolated from faeces of Tibetan gazelles (Procapra picticaudata) on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Bioavailability and Neuroprotectivity of 3-(3, 4-dimethoxy phenyl)-1-4 (methoxy phenyl) prop-2-en-1-one against Schizophrenia: an in silico approach.
Smart Nanotherapeutic Agent for in vitro and in vivo Reversal of Heavy Metal Induced Causality: Key Information from Optical Spectroscopy.
Freshwater salmon aquaculture in Chile and transferable antimicrobial resistance.
Fluoride Compromises Testicular Redox Sensor, Gap Junction Protein, and Metabolic Status: Amelioration by Melatonin.
Determination of nest occupation and breeding effect of the white stork by human-mediated landscape in Western Poland.
Anti-Shigellosis Activity of Cola anomala Water/Ethanol Pods Extract on Shigella flexneri-Induced Diarrhea in Rats.
In vitro and in vivo Antidiabetic Properties of Phenolic Antioxidants From Sedum adenotrichum.
A single  \' weight-lifting \'  game covers all kinds of games.
Fauna of the Kemp Caldera and its upper bathyal hydrothermal vents (South Sandwich Arc, Antarctica).
Ziziphus spina-christi Leaf Extract Suppressed Mercury Chloride-Induced Nephrotoxicity via Nrf2-Antioxidant Pathway Activation and Inhibition of Inflammatory and Apoptotic Signaling.
Characteristics of tiger moth (Erebidae: Arctiinae) anti-bat sounds can be predicted from tymbal morphology.
Susceptibility of Toxoplasma gondii to Ethanolic Extract of Tinospora crispa in Vero Cells.
Diagnosis of Vespa affinis venom allergy: use of immunochemical methods and a passive basophil activation test.
MRSA Strains in Nepalese Rhesus Macaques (Macaca mulatta) and Their Environment.
Microcapsulated biocides for the targeted control of invasive bivalves.
Microsporidia with vertical transmission were likely shaped by nonadaptive processes.
The influence of mobility strategy on the modern human talus.
Rediscovery of Osteocephalus vilarsi (Anura: Hylidae): an overlooked but widespread Amazonian spiny-backed treefrog.
Functional morphology of a lobopod: case study of an onychophoran leg.
Cellular morphology of leg musculature in the water bear Hypsibius exemplaris (Tardigrada) unravels serial homologies.
Attractiveness of thermally different, uniformly black targets to horseflies: Tabanus tergestinus prefers sunlit warm shiny dark targets.
Old lake versus young taxa: a comparative phylogeographic perspective on the evolution of Caspian Sea gastropods (Neritidae: Theodoxus).
Dissecting the Role of NF-kappab Protein Family and Its Regulators in Rheumatoid Arthritis Using Weighted Gene Co-Expression Network.
The Role of Non-Coding RNAs in Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
The Effect of Oxygen Limitation on a Xylophagous Insect \' s Heat Tolerance Is Influenced by Life-Stage Through Variation in Aerobic Scope and Respiratory Anatomy.
Tachykinins: Neuropeptides That Are Ancient, Diverse, Widespread and Functionally Pleiotropic.
The morphology of the immature stages of Squamapion atomarium (Kirby, 1808) (Coleoptera, Brentidae) and notes on its life cycle.
Mating precedes selective immune priming which is maintained throughout bumblebee queen diapause.
miRNAs Signatures In Patients With Acute Liver Injury: Clinical Concerns and Correlations.
Inflammatory markers as prognosticators of cardiovascular dysfunction in hypothyroid patients.
Red beetroot extract mitigates chlorpyrifos-induced reprotoxicity associated with oxidative stress, inflammation, and apoptosis in rats.
Author Correction: An upper bound for the background rate of human extinction.
Insight into diversity of bacteria belonging to the order Rickettsiales in 9 arthropods species collected in Serbia.
Integrative systematics and ecology of a new deep-sea family of tanaidacean crustaceans.
Dynamic Changes of Gut Microbial Communities of Bumble Bee Queens through Important Life Stages.
Genetic Paths to Evolutionary Rescue and the Distribution of Fitness Effects Along Them.
Aquatic macroinvertebrates under stress: Bioaccumulation of emerging contaminants and metabolomics implications.
Soil concentrations and soil-air exchange of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in five Asian countries.
Proclivity of nervous system preservation in Cambrian Burgess Shale-type deposits.
Essential role of TNF-alpha in gamma c cytokine aided crosstalk between dendritic cells and natural killer cells in experimental murine lymphoma.
Out of Africa: the origins of the protozoan blood parasites of the Trypanosoma cruzi clade found in bats from Africa.
Spatio-temporal formation of the genetic diversity in the Mediterranean dwelling lichen during the Neogene and Quaternary epochs.
Ameliorative effects of vitamin B17 on the kidney against Ehrlich ascites carcinoma induced renal toxicity in mice.
Evolutionary dynamics of structural variation at a key locus for color pattern diversification in cichlid fishes.
BIN overlap confirms transcontinental distribution of pest aphids (Hemiptera: Aphididae).
Malaria screening at the workplace in Cameroon.
Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis infection in amphibians predates first known epizootic in Costa Rica.
Weighted Gene Co-Expression Network Analysis Reveals Six Hub Genes Involved in and Tight Junction Function in Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma and their Potential Use in Prognosis.
Retinal oxygen supply shaped the functional evolution of the vertebrate eye.
Chlorogenic acid prevents hepatotoxicity in arsenic-treated mice: role of oxidative stress and apoptosis.
Electrophysiology and distribution of oxytocin and vasopressin neurons in the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus: a study in male and female rats.
Entosis and apical cell extrusion constitute a tumor-suppressive mechanism downstream of Matriptase.
Biofabrication And Antitumor Activity Of Silver Nanoparticles Utilizing Novel Nostoc sp. Bahar M.
Protein phosphatase 6 is a key factor regulating spermatogenesis.
The depression GWAS risk allele predicts smaller cerebellar gray matter volume and reduced SIRT1 mRNA expression in Chinese population.
Persistent, bioaccumulative, and toxic properties of liquid crystal monomers and their detection in indoor residential dust.
Impacts of Caffeine during Pregnancy.
A values-based approach for generating localized social indicators for use in sustainability assessment and decision-making: Test case of brownfield soft reuse in Nigeria.
DNA damage and oogenesis anomalies in Pimelia latreillei (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae) induced by heavy metals soil pollution.
Effects of Liquid Yucca Supplementation on Nitrogen Excretion, Intestinal Bacteria, Biochemical and Performance Parameters in Broilers.
Identification and Characterization of ShSPI, a Kazal-Type Elastase Inhibitor from the Venom of Scolopendra Hainanum.
Oviposition-Induced Volatiles Affect Electrophysiological and Behavioral Responses of Egg Parasitoids.
Comparative Transcriptome Analysis between a Novel Allohexaploid Cotton Progeny CMS Line LD6A and Its Maintainer Line LD6B.
Potential of Smoke-Water and One of Its Active Compounds (karrikinolide, KAR1) on the Phytochemical and Antioxidant Activity of Eucomis autumnalis.
Determination of endocrine disrupting chemicals in human nails using an alkaline digestion prior to ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Potential risk of organophosphate exposure in male reproductive system of a non-target insect model Drosophila melanogaster.
Annona muricata: An alternate mosquito control agent with special reference to inhibition of detoxifying enzymes in Aedes aegypti.
Autopsy as a form of evisceration: Implications for decomposition rate, pattern, and estimation of postmortem interval.
The phylogeny of the African wood mice (Muridae, Hylomyscus) based on complete mitochondrial genomes and five nuclear genes reveals their evolutionary history and undescribed diversity.
Dominance, Sharing, and Assessment in an Iterated Hawk-Dove Game.
Environmental DNA facilitates accurate, inexpensive, and multi-year population estimates of millions of anadromous fish.
Natural Moieties as Anti-Inflammatory Agents-Recent Patents.
A Horizon Scan of Emerging Global Biological Conservation Issues for 2020.
Quality screening of the Lagos lagoon sediment by assessing the cytotoxicity and toxicological responses of rat hepatoma H4IIE and fish PLHC-1 cell-lines using different extraction approaches.
Contaminant levels and endocrine disruptive effects in Clarias gariepinus exposed to simulated leachate from a solid waste dumpsite in Calabar, Nigeria.
Cryptic ecological and geographic diversification in coral-associated nudibranchs.
Targeting UBE4A Revives Viperin Protein in Epithelium to Enhance Host Antiviral Defense.
Design, synthesis, molecular modeling, in vivo studies and anticancer evaluation of quinazolin-4(3H)-one derivatives as potential VEGFR-2 inhibitors and apoptosis inducers.
Novel Pulmonary Vasculitis with Splendore-Hoeppli Reaction in Grey Seals (Halichoerus grypus) Associated with Otostrongylus circumlitus Infection.
Effect of arson fires on survivability of entomological evidence on carcasses inside vehicle trunks.
High-throughput transcriptomics: An insight on the pathways affected in HepG2 cells exposed to nickel oxide nanoparticles.
Antibiotic Resistance of Escherichia coli from Humans and Black Rhinoceroses in Kenya.
An appraisal of oriental theileriosis and the Theileria orientalis complex, with an emphasis on diagnosis and genetic characterisation.
Optic lobe organization in stomatopod crustacean species possessing different degrees of retinal complexity.
Transferrin plays a central role in coagulation balance by interacting with clotting factors.
Host alarm calls attract the unwanted attention of the brood parasitic common cuckoo.
Demographic amplification is a predictor of invasiveness among plants.
Horizontal Transfer and Gene Loss Shaped the Evolution of Alpha-Amylases in Bilaterians.
Considering Complexity: Animal Social Networks and Behavioural Contagions.
Bioethanol production from sesame (Sesamum indicum L.) plant residue by combined physical, microbial and chemical pretreatments.
Chromosome-level genome assembly for giant panda provides novel insights into Carnivora chromosome evolution.
FACEPAI: a script for fast and consistent environmental DNA processing and identification.
Occurrence of mycotoxins in rice consumed by Iranians: a probabilistic assessment of risk to health.
Activity Rhythms of Coexisting Red Serow and Chinese Serow at Mt. Gaoligong as Identified by Camera Traps.
Citrox Improves the Quality and Shelf Life of Chicken Fillets Packed under Vacuum and Protects against Some Foodborne Pathogens.
Design and Optimization of PLGA Particles to Deliver Immunomodulatory Drugs for the Prevention of Skin Allograft Rejection.
Distinct rates and patterns of spread of the major HIV-1 subtypes in Central and East Africa.
Clinical and epidemiologic characteristics associated with dengue during and outside the 2016 outbreak identified in health facility-based surveillance in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.
Evaluating the lucrative role of probiotics in the aquaculture using microscopic and biochemical techniques.
A niche perspective on the range expansion of symbionts.
Transfer of the Thecate Amoeba Lecythium mutabilis to a Novel Genus Omnivora (Fiscullidae, Thecofilosea, Cercozoa).
Genetic and morphological diversity of mouse lemurs (Microcebus spp.) in northern Madagascar: The discovery of a putative new species?
Remediation techniques for removal of heavy metals from the soil contaminated through different sources: a review.
A phylogenetically conserved APETALA2/ETHYLENE RESPONSE FACTOR, ERF12, regulates Arabidopsis floral development.
Dominant and Subordinate Relationship Formed by Repeated Social Encounters Alters Gut Microbiota in Greater Long-Tailed Hamsters.
The commonness of rarity: Global and future distribution of rarity across land plants.
Effects of benzene, quercetin, and their combination on porcine ovarian cell proliferation, apoptosis, and hormone release.
Behaviour of domestic rabbits during 2 weeks after weaning.
Extraction and characterization of collagen from the skin of Pterygoplichthys pardalis and its potential application in food industries.
Evolution and phylogeography of Culex pipiens densovirus.
An investigation on some toxic effects of pyriproxyfen in adult male mice.
Author Correction: Sole coloration as an unusual aposematic signal in a Neotropical toad.
Publisher Correction: Genome-wide analysis of Corsican population reveals a close affinity with Northern and Central Italy.
Extinction filters mediate the global effects of habitat fragmentation on animals.
Facile sonochemical synthesis of rutile-type titanium dioxide microspheres decorated graphene oxide composite for efficient electrochemical sensor.
MoS2 nanoparticles induce behavioral alteration and oxidative stress mediated cellular toxicity in the social insect Oecophylla smaragdina (Asian weaver ant).
Juvenile harbor porpoises in the UK are exposed to a more neurotoxic mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls than adults.
The effect of foodborne sertraline on rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
Meta-analysis of functional expression and mutational analysis of c-Met in various cancers.
Improvement and use of CRISPR/Cas9 to engineer a sperm-marking strain for the invasive fruit pest Drosophila suzukii.
Leaps and bounds: geographical and ecological distance constrained the colonisation of the Afrotemperate by Erica.
Oral Microbiota Composition and Antimicrobial Antibody Response in Patients with Recurrent Aphthous Stomatitis.
Growth Performance of Broilers as Influenced by Different Levels and Sources of Methionine Plus Cysteine.
From Perception to Action: The Role of Auditory Input in Shaping Vocal Communication and Social Behaviors in Birds.
Understanding the mechanistic insight of arsenic exposure and decoding the histone cipher.
GABA signaling affects motor function in the honey bee.
Estimating diversification rates on incompletely-sampled phylogenies: theoretical concerns and practical solutions.
4,5-Disubstituted 1,2,3-triazoles: Effective Inhibition of Indoleamine 2,3-Dioxygenase 1 Enzyme Regulates T cell Activity and Mitigates Tumor Growth.
Gradient-independent Wnt signaling instructs asymmetric neurite pruning in C. elegans.
Accumulation of Catechin and Proanthocyanidins in Black Poplar Stems After Infection by Plectosphaerella populi: Hormonal Regulation, Biosynthesis and Antifungal Activity.
Morphometric analysis of fossil bumble bees (Hymenoptera, Apidae, Bombini) reveals their taxonomic affinities.
Trichopolydesmidae from Cameroon, 2: A species-level reclassification of Afrotropical trichopolydesmids (Diplopoda, Polydesmida), with two new species and two new records from Cameroon, and two new species from the Nimba Mountains, Guinea.
A new lapsiine jumping spider from North America, with a review of Simon \' s Lapsias species (Araneae, Salticidae, Spartaeinae).
Toxicity and Alkaloid Profiling of the Skin of the Golfo Dulcean Poison Frog Phyllobates vittatus (Dendrobatidae).
The Bacterial Flora Associated with the Polyphagous Aphid Aphis gossypii Glover (Hemiptera: Aphididae) Is Strongly Affected by Host Plants.
BDNF and NGF signals originating from sensory ganglia promote cranial motor axon growth.
The evolutionary dynamics of Oropouche Virus in South America.
Generation of oxidative stress and induction of apoptotic like events in curcumin and thymoquinone treated adult Fasciola gigantica worms.
Differences in plant metabolites and microbes associated with Azadirachta indica with variation in air pollution.
Cryptic intermediate snail host of the liver fluke Fasciola hepatica in Africa.
Determinants of high residual post-PCV13 pneumococcal vaccine-type carriage in Blantyre, Malawi: a modelling study.
Impact of the Cultivation Technique on the Production of Secondary Metabolites by Chrysosporium lobatum TM-237-S5, Isolated from the Sponge Acanthella cavernosa.
Feeding ecology of blue rock pigeon (Columba livia) in the three districts of Punjab, Pakistan.
Shared morphological consequences of global warming in North American migratory birds.
Adult loss of Cacna1a in mice recapitulates childhood absence epilepsy by distinct thalamic bursting mechanisms.
rKIN: Kernel-based method for estimating isotopic niche size and overlap.
Antibacterial efficacy of green synthesized alpha-Fe2O3 nanoparticles using Sida cordifolia plant extract.
Maltose deterioration approach: Catalytic behavior optimization and stability profile of maltase from Bacillus licheniformis KIBGE-IB4.
Cascading effects of temperature alterations on trophic ecology of European grayling (Thymallus thymallus).
Trio deep-sequencing does not reveal unexpected off-target and on-target mutations in Cas9-edited rhesus monkeys.
Dual inhibition of DPP-4 and cholinesterase enzymes by phytoconstituents of an ethanolic extract of Prosopis cineraria pods: Therapeutic implications for the treatment of diabetes-associated neurological impairments.
Mismatched outcomes for biodiversity and ecosystem services: testing the responses of crop pollinators and wild bee biodiversity to habitat enhancement.
The occurrence of the multidrug resistance (MDR) and the prevalence of virulence genes and QACs resistance genes in E. coli isolated from environmental and avian sources.
Calling rhythm as a predictor of the outcome of vocal interactions: flight departure in pale-winged starling pairs.
Rain-Fed Granite Rock Basins Accumulate a High Diversity of Dormant Microbial Eukaryotes.
Spontaneous categorization of tools based on observation in children and chimpanzees.
Mitogenomics suggests a sister relationship of Relicanthus daphneae (Cnidaria: Anthozoa: Hexacorallia: incerti ordinis) with Actiniaria.
The coincidence of ecological opportunity with hybridization explains rapid adaptive radiation in Lake Mweru cichlid fishes.
Do enlarged hind legs of male thick-legged flower beetles contribute to take-off or mating?
A combined experimental and computational study on the oxidative degradation of bromophenols by Fe(VI) and the formation of self-coupling products.
Chronic waterborne exposure to benzo[a]pyrene induces locomotor dysfunction and development of neurodegenerative phenotypes in zebrafish.
First report of malaria parasites in water buffalo in Nepal.
Protection induced by malaria virus-like particles containing codon-optimized AMA-1 of Plasmodium berghei.
Angiotensin Receptor Blockers for Erectile Dysfunction in Hypertensive Men: A Brief Meta-Analysis of Randomized Control Trials.
Parallel changes in gut microbiome composition and function during colonization, local adaptation and ecological speciation.
Motor output and control input in flapping flight: a compact model of the deforming wing kinematics of manoeuvring hoverflies.
Behavioural analysis of single-cell aneural ciliate, Stentor roeseli, using machine learning approaches.
Use of Spilopelia senegalensis as a Biomonitor of Heavy Metal Contamination from Mining Activities in Riyadh (Saudi Arabia).
Behavioral Responses of the Invasive Fly Philornis downsi to Stimuli from Bacteria and Yeast in the Laboratory and the Field in the Galapagos Islands.
A Facile Method to Fabricate Anisotropic Extracellular Matrix with 3D Printing Topological Microfibers.
Growth and Metabolic Response of Chinese Perch to Different Dietary Protein-to-Energy Ratios in Artificial Diets.
Precocious egg development in wild Calliphora vicina (Diptera: Calliphoridae) - An issue of relevance in forensic entomology?
Honey as an Alternative to Antibiotics for Cryopreservation of Nili-Ravi Buffalo Bull Spermatozoa.
Rbm14 maintains the integrity of genomic DNA during early mouse embryogenesis via mediating alternative splicing.
Chromosome-scale assembly comparison of the Korean Reference Genome KOREF from PromethION and PacBio with Hi-C mapping information.
Ameliorative Role of Green Tea and Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles complex Against Monosodium Glutamate-Induced Testicular Toxicity in Male Rats.
A transcriptomic analysis of Nsmce1 overexpression in mouse hippocampal neuronal cell by RNA sequencing.
Nutrient scarcity as a selective pressure for mast seeding.
Divergent trophic responses of sympatric penguin species to historic anthropogenic exploitation and recent climate change.
Life on the edge: Compensatory growth and feeding rates at environmental extremes mediates potential ecosystem engineering by an invasive bivalve.
1,2,3-Triazole tethered 1,2,4-trioxanes: Studies on their synthesis and effect on osteopontin expression in MDA-MB-435 breast cancer cells.
Antiulcerogenic effect of Cuphea ignea extract against ethanol-induced gastric ulcer in rats.
Cytotoxic and genotoxic effects of Kalanchoe pinnata (Lam.) Pers. fresh leaf juice in the cultured human blood lymphocytes.
Phylogenetic divergence within the Arcellinida (Amoebozoa) is congruent with test size and metabolism type.
Pathogenesis related proteins: A defensin for plants but an allergen for humans.
Anthropophilic phlebotomine sand fly Lutzomyia species and search for the natural Leishmania infections in an area endemic for cutaneous leishmaniasis in Ecuador.
Isolation, characterization and growth kinetics of phenol hyper-tolerant bacteria from sewage-fed aquaculture system.
HSP70 plays a role in the defense of acute and chronic heat stress in Mongolian gerbils (Meriones unguiculatus).
CO2 leakage simulation: Effects of the decreasing pH to the survival and reproduction of two crustacean species.
Introducing a new tool to navigate, understand and use International Codes of Nomenclature.
Assessment of North American arthropod collections: prospects and challenges for addressing biodiversity research.
Has gene expression neofunctionalization in the fire ant antennae contributed to queen discrimination behavior?
Evolution and disappearance of sympatric Coregonus albula in a changing environment-A case study of the only remaining population pair in Sweden.
Metabolically similar cohorts of bacteria exhibit strong cooccurrence patterns with diet items and eukaryotic microbes in lizard guts.
Species-specific habitat preferences do not shape the structure of a crested newt hybrid zone (Triturus cristatus x T. carnifex).
Single-Tube Multiplex Polymerase Chain Reaction for the Detection of Genes Encoding Enterobacteriaceae Carbapenemase.
Synaptotagmin 1 regulates cortical granule exocytosis during mouse oocyte activation.
Is the "Habsburg jaw" related to inbreeding?
Estimation of genomic instability and mutation induction by graphene oxide nanoparticles in mice liver and brain tissues.
Spatial changes in water and heavy metal contamination in water and sediment of river Ganga in the river belt Haridwar to Kanpur.
Morphological comparison of genetically differentiated Polymorphus cf. minutus types.
miR-183-5p regulates uterine receptivity and enhances embryo implantation.
Occupational health hazards on workers exposure to lead (Pb): A genotoxicity analysis.
Integrating Clinical Data and Imputed Transcriptome from GWAS to Uncover Complex Disease Subtypes: Applications in Psychiatry and Cardiology.
Sperm cellular and nuclear dynamics associated with bull fertility.
Metameric variation of upper molars in hominoids and its implications for the diversification of molar morphogenesis.
Exploring the TTC approach as a basis for risk management: The example of emerging Alternaria mycotoxins.
Effects of Temperature on Demographic Parameters of Bryobia praetiosa (Acari: Tetranychidae).
Neurophysiologic Advance in Depressive Disorder.
Amplicon sequencing and imputed metagenomic analysis of waste soil and sediment microbiome reveals unique bacterial communities and their functional attributes.
Accurate forecasts of the effectiveness of interventions against Ebola may require models that account for variations in symptoms during infection.
Probabilistic health risk assessment of heavy metals at wastewater discharge points within the Vaal River Basin, South Africa.
Emerging promise of sulforaphane-mediated Nrf2 signaling cascade against neurological disorders.
Rapid, large-scale species discovery in hyperdiverse taxa using 1D MinION sequencing.
The Latoia consocia Caterpillar Induces Pain by Targeting Nociceptive Ion Channel TRPV1.
A Switch between Antioxidant and Prooxidant Properties of the Phenolic Compounds Myricetin, Morin, 3 \' ,4 \' -Dihydroxyflavone, Taxifolin and 4-Hydroxy-Coumarin in the Presence of Copper(II) Ions: A Spectroscopic, Absorption Titration and DNA Damage Study.
Presence of Roe Deer Affects the Occurrence of Anaplasma phagocytophilum Ecotypes in Questing Ixodes ricinus in Different Habitat Types of Central Europe.
Many, large and early: Hunting pressure on wild boar relates to simple metrics of hunting effort.
Using native and invasive livebearing fishes (Poeciliidae, Teleostei) for the integrated biological assessment of pollution in urban streams.
Mind the food: Survival, growth and fecundity of a Neotropical land planarian (Platyhelminthes, Geoplanidae) under different diets.
Sex-differences in physiological and oxidative stress responses and heavy metals burden in the black jaw tilapia, Sarotherodon melanotheron from a tropical freshwater dam (Nigeria).
Supplementation of l-tryptophan (an aromatic amino acid) in tris citric acid extender enhances post-thaw progressive motility, plasmalemma, mitochondrial membrane potential, acrosome, and DNA integrities, and in vivo fertility rate of buffalo (Bubalus bubalis) bull spermatozoa.
Statistical matching for conservation science.
Oreonectes guilinensis (Teleostei, Cypriniformes, Nemacheilidae), a new loach species from Guangxi, China.
Domesticated cynomolgus monkey embryonic stem cells allow the generation of neonatal interspecies chimeric pigs.
Dynamic Changes of DNA Methylation and Transcriptome Expression in Porcine Ovaries during Aging.
Corn Silk (Zea mays L.) Induced Apoptosis in Human Breast Cancer (MCF-7) Cells via the ROS-Mediated Mitochondrial Pathway.
Toxicity Assessment of Herbal Medicine Using Zebrafish Embryos: A Systematic Review.
Revealing the respiratory system of the coffee berry borer (Hypothenemus hampei; Coleoptera: Curculionidae: Scolytinae) using micro-computed tomography.
Insights into the 400 million-year-old eyes of giant sea scorpions (Eurypterida) suggest the structure of Palaeozoic compound eyes.
Highly divergent lineage of narrow-headed vole from the Late Pleistocene Europe.
Fires scorching Bolivia \' s Chiquitano forest.
Fibroblast growth factor-2 signaling modulates matrix reorganization and cell cycle turnover rate in the regenerating tail of Hemidactylus flaviviridis.
Risk screening of the potential invasiveness of non-native jellyfishes in the Mediterranean Sea.
First report of Echinococcus granulosus sensu stricto (G1) in Nigeria, West Africa.
547 transcriptomes from 44 brain areas reveal features of the aging brain in non-human primates.
Pathological effects of Cichlidogyrus philander Douellou, 1993 (Monogenea, Ancyrocephalidae) on the gills of Pseudocrenilabrus philander (Weber, 1897) (Cichlidae).
Impact of pesticide monocrotophos on microbial populations and histology of intestine in the Indian earthworm Lampito mauritii (Kinberg).
Population Growth of Alphitobius diaperinus (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae) on Various Commodities.
Assessment of heavy metals and its impact on DNA fragmentation in different fish species.
Effects of Thyroid Hormone on Mitochondria and Metabolism of Human Preimplantation Embryos.
Do differences in developmental mode shape the potential for local adaptation?
The genome of the blind soil-dwelling and ancestrally wingless dipluran Campodea augens, a key reference hexapod for studying the emergence of insect innovations.
Identification and evolution of avian endogenous foamy viruses.
Three new species of the genus Centistidea Rohwer, 1914 (Hymenoptera, Braconidae, Miracinae) from India and Saudi Arabia.
Two new species of braconid wasps (Hymenoptera, Braconidae) from India.
Scolopostethus affinis (Schilling) (Hemiptera, Heteroptera, Rhyparochromidae, Drymini): a new alien established in North America.
Savannah roars: The vocal anatomy and the impressive rutting calls of male impala (Aepyceros melampus) - highlighting the acoustic correlates of a mobile larynx.
Autophagy in Normal Stem Cells and Specialized Cells.
Autophagy in Reproduction.
Autophagy and Lipid Metabolism.
Influence of endomorphins along the pituitary-ovary axis in the Mozambique Tilapia Oreochromis mossambicus.
How plants and insects inherit immunity from their parents.
An Alu element insertion into intron 1 results in the aberrant alternative splicing of APOBEC3G pre-mRNA in northern pig-tailed macaques (Macaca leonina) may reduce APOBEC3G-mediated hypermutation pressure on HIV-1.
Variation in limb loading magnitude and timing in tetrapods.
Local origin or external input: modern horse origin in East Asia.
Anatomical, taxonomic, and phylogenetic reappraisal of a poorly known ghost knifefish, Tembeassu marauna (Ostariophysi: Gymnotiformes), using X-ray microcomputed tomography.
Eukaryote hybrid genomes.
Annotated draft genomes of two caddisfly species Plectrocnemia conspersa CURTIS and Hydropsyche tenuis NAVAS (Insecta: Trichoptera).
Vaccine Efficacy Induced by 2009 Pandemic H1N1 Virus-Like Particles Differs from that Induced by Split Influenza Virus.
Rapid divergent co-evolution of freshwater crab genitalia facilitates a burst of species diversification.
On the winter enhancement of adaptive humoral immunity: Hypothesis testing in desert hamsters (Phodopus roborovskii: Cricetidae, Rodentia) kept under long- and short-day photoperiod.
Morphology and Molecular Phylogeny of Two Freshwater Oligotrich Ciliates (Protozoa, Ciliophora, Oligotrichia), Pelagostrombidium fallax (Zacharias, 1895) Krainer, 1991 and Limnostrombidium viride (Stein, 1867) Krainer, 1995, with Brief Notes on Stomatogenesis.
Subcellular dynamics of variants of SG2NA in NIH3T3 fibroblasts.
Need for routine tracking of biological invasions.
Rhynchosia rufescens AgNPs enhance cytotoxicity by ROS-mediated apoptosis in MCF-7 cell lines.
"It \' s all in their head": hierarchical exploration of a three-dimensional layered pyramid in rats.
Melatonin Reduces Androgen Production and Upregulates Heme Oxygenase-1 Expression in Granulosa Cells from PCOS Patients with Hypoestrogenia and Hyperandrogenia.
Oxidative status and metabolic profile in a long-lived bird preparing for extreme endurance migration.
Genetic homogeneity in the face of morphological heterogeneity in the harbor porpoise from the Black Sea and adjacent waters (Phocoena phocoena relicta).
Genome analyses of a placozoan rickettsial endosymbiont show a combination of mutualistic and parasitic traits.
Solenodon genome reveals convergent evolution of venom in eulipotyphlan mammals.
Focus on an island rule may hide morphological disparity in insular plants.
Biodiversity within the city: Effects of land sharing and land sparing urban development on avian diversity.
Acquisition of functional neurons by direct conversion: Switching the developmental clock directly.
Impact of global warming scenarios on life-history traits of Tetranychus evansi (Acari: Tetranychidae).
Correction to: Interaction of the heterotrimeric G protein alpha subunit SSG-1 of Sporothrix schenckii with proteins related to stress response and fungal pathogenicity using a yeast two-hybrid assay.
Repeated sex chromosome evolution in vertebrates supported by expanded avian sex chromosomes.
Australian songbird body size tracks climate variation: 82 species over 50 years.
Specialized sledge dogs accompanied Inuit dispersal across the North American Arctic.
Superfetation reduces the negative effects of pregnancy on the fast-start escape performance in live-bearing fish.
Experimental modeling of the acute toxicity and cytogenotoxic fate of composite mixtures of chromate, copper and arsenate oxides associated with CCA preservative using Clarias gariepinus (Burchell 1822).
Arctium lappa Root Extract Prevents Lead-Induced Liver Injury by Attenuating Oxidative Stress and Inflammation, and Activating Akt/GSK-3beta Signaling.
Elevation is Associated with Human Skin Microbiomes.
High Specific Efficiency of Venom of Two Prey-Specialized Spiders.
Cytogenetics of Eudiplozoon nipponicum (Monogenea, Diplozoidae): Karyotype, spermatocyte division and 18S rDNA location.
Multiple Euryhaline Lineages of Centrohelids (Haptista: Centroplasthelida) in Inland Saline Waters Revealed with Metabarcoding.
Correction to: Molecular basis for efficacy of Guduchi and Madhuyashti feeding on different environmental stressors in Drosophila.
Kaempferol Protects Against Cadmium Chloride-Induced Memory Loss and Hippocampal Apoptosis by Increased Intracellular Glutathione Stores and Activation of PTEN/AMPK Induced Inhibition of Akt/mTOR Signaling.
Cepaea spp. as a source of Brachylaima mesostoma (Digenea: Brachylaimidae) and Brachylecithum sp. (Digenea: Dicrocoeliidae) larvae in Poland.
Decreased thermal tolerance under recurrent heat stress conditions explains summer mass mortality of the blue mussel Mytilus edulis.
PIC&amp;RUN: An integrated assay for the detection and retrieval of single viable circulating tumor cells.
Ancient mitogenomics clarifies radiation of extinct Mascarene giant tortoises (Cylindraspis spp.).
A structural basis for antibody-mediated neutralization of Nipah virus reveals a site of vulnerability at the fusion glycoprotein apex.
Bioactivity and efficacy of essential oils extracted from Artemisia annua against Tribolium casteneum (Herbst. 1797) (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae): An eco-friendly approach.
Environmentally relevant concentration of chromium induces nuclear deformities in erythrocytes and alters the expression of stress-responsive and apoptotic genes in brain of adult zebrafish.
Demographic reconstruction from ancient DNA supports rapid extinction of the great auk.
Novel Lineages of Oxymonad Flagellates from the Termite Porotermes adamsoni (Stolotermitidae): the Genera Oxynympha and Termitimonas.
Regulation of social behaviors by p-Stat3 via oxytocin and its receptor in the nucleus accumbens of male Brandt \' s voles (Lasiopodomys brandtii).
Effect of Honey (Apis dorsata [Hymenoptera: Apidae]) on Larval Growth and Silk Cocoon Yield of Bombyx mori (Lepidoptera: Bombycidae).
Dataset of biogenic crusts from submarine caves of the Aegean Sea: An example of sponges vs microbialites competition in cryptic environments.
Semen quality, hormone profile and histological changes in male albino rats treated with Corchorus olitorius leaf extract.
Bibliographic revision of Mesacanthion Filipjev, 1927 (Nematoda: Thoracostomopsidae) with description of a new species from Jeju Island, South Korea.
Hematological convergence between Mesozoic marine reptiles (Sauropterygia) and extant aquatic amniotes elucidates diving adaptations in plesiosaurs.
Antimicrobial potentials of medicinal plant \' s extract and their derived silver nanoparticles: A focus on honey bee pathogen.
TH1/TH2 chemokines/cytokines profile in rats treated with tetanus toxoid and Euphorbia tirucalli.
Insect pollinators diversity and abundance in Eruca sativa Mill. (Arugula) and Brassica rapa L. (Field mustard) crops.
Composition and functional properties of propolis (bee glue): A review.
In vivo pharmacological investigation of Monotheca buxifolia and Bosea amherstiana using animal models.
Pollination biology of Albizia lebbeck (L.) Benth. (Fabaceae: Mimosoideae) with reference to insect floral visitors.
The antioxidant rich active principles of Clerodendrum sp. controls haloalkane xenobiotic induced hepatic damage in murine model.
Forensic insects attracted to human cadavers in a vehicular environment in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Therapeutic potential of the methanolic extract of Lepidium sativum seeds on mice infected with Trypanosoma evansi.
Evaluation of nanoselenium and nanogold activities against murine intestinal schistosomiasis.
Phorate triggers oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction to enhance micronuclei generation and DNA damage in human lymphocytes.
The genetic association study of TP53 polymorphisms in Saudi obese patients.
Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. lycopersici causal agent of vascular wilt disease of tomato: Biology to diversity- A review.
Comparison of DNA Extraction Methods for Optimal Recovery of Metagenomic DNA from Human and Environmental Samples.
Human Milk Microbiota: Transferring the Antibiotic Resistome to Infants.
Testing the benefits of conservation set-asides for improved habitat connectivity in tropical agricultural landscapes.
Population genetic structure of the thick-tailed bushbaby (Otolemur crassicaudatus) from the Soutpansberg Mountain range, Northern South Africa, based on four mitochondrial DNA regions.
The progressive alteration of urine metabolomic profiles of rats following long-term and low-dose exposure to permethrin.
Land-sharing vs. land-sparing urban development modulate predator-prey interactions in Europe.
The role of propolis against paclitaxel-induced oligospermia, sperm abnormality, oxidative stress and DNA damage in testes of male rats.
Morphological and histochemical characterisation of the mucosa of the digestive tract in matrinxa Brycon amazonicus (Teleostei: Characiformes).
Evolutionary selection on MDA5 and LGP2 in the chicken preserves antiviral competence in the absence of RIG-I.
The response of soil nematode Caenorhabditis elegans on the sewage sludge-derived micropollutants.
Minimizing human error in macroinvertebrate samples analyses for ensuring quality precision in freshwater monitoring programs.
Non-destructive DNA extraction from herbarium specimens: a method particularly suitable for plants with small and fragile leaves.
Increase in hippocampal histone H3K9me3 is negatively correlated with memory in old male mice.
Elemental Composition of PM2.5 Aerosol in a Residential-Industrial Area of a Mediterranean Megacity.
Transcription pattern of reproduction relevant genes along the Brain-Pituitary-Gonad axis of female, male and intersex thicklip grey mullets, Chelon labrosus, from a polluted harbor.
Vermiconversion of biowastes with low-to-high C/N ratio into value added vermicompost.
Micro-estuaries and micro-outlets as incipient estuarine systems - Does size and coastal connectivity count?
Leydig cell tumorigenesis - implication of G-protein coupled membrane estrogen receptor, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor and xenoestrogen exposure. In vivo and in vitro appraisal.
Prevalence of Human Papilloma Virus Sub Genotypes following Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinomas in Asian Continent, A Systematic Review Article.
Molecular techniques and their limitations shape our view of the holobiont.
Transcriptomics of Cherax quadricarinatus hepatopancreas during infection with Decapod iridescent virus 1 (DIV1).
Thyroxine modulation of immune toxicity induced by mixture pesticides mancozeb and fipronil in mice.
The type-reproduction number of sexually transmitted infections through heterosexual and vertical transmission.
Global Phylogeographic and Admixture Patterns in Grey Wolves and Genetic Legacy of An Ancient Siberian Lineage.
A Tripartite Interaction among the Basidiomycete Rhodotorula mucilaginosa, N2-fixing Endobacteria, and Rice Improves Plant Nitrogen Nutrition.
Ginger extract ameliorates bisphenol A (BPA)-induced disruption in thyroid hormones synthesis and metabolism: Involvement of Nrf-2/HO-1 pathway.
Herbs as thermoregulatory agents in poultry: An overview.
Macroinvertebrate functional feeding group alterations in response to habitat degradation of headwater Austral streams.
Do ectoparasites affect survival of three species of lizards of the genus Sceloporus?
Iliac auricular surface morphofunctional study in felidae.
Signature of Sexual Conflict is Actually Conflict Resolved.
Ecosystem functioning in urban grasslands: The role of biodiversity, plant invasions and urbanization.
Urbanization drives cross-taxon declines in abundance and diversity at multiple spatial scales.
Genomic footprints of a biological invasion: introduction from Asia and dispersal in Europe of the topmouth gudgeon (Pseudorasbora parva).
Evaluation of PD-L1 and PD-1 expression in aggressive eyelid sebaceous gland carcinoma and its clinical significance.
Deglucohellebrin. A Potent Agent for Glioblastoma Treatment.
A Retrospective Look at Anti-EGFR Agents in Pancreatic Cancer Therapy.
Deletion of Ck2beta gene causes germ cell development arrest and azoospermia in male mice.
Chromosomal inheritance of parental rDNAs distribution pattern detected by FISH in diploid F1 hybrid progeny of Cobitis (Teleostei, Cobitidae) species has non-Mendelian character.
Lemon Terpenes Influence Behavior of the African Citrus Triozid Trioza erytreae (Hemiptera: Triozidae).
Terpenes May Serve as Feeding Deterrents and Foraging Cues for Mammalian Herbivores.
The current situation of canine dirofilariosis in Hungary.
Characterizing the composition, metabolism and physiological functions of the fatty liver in Rana omeimontis tadpoles.
Who are you, Griselda? A replacement name for a new genus of the Asiatic short-tailed shrews (Mammalia, Eulipotyphla, Soricidae): molecular and morphological analyses with the discussion of tribal affinities.
A new species of the genus Acanthosaura from Yunnan, China (Squamata, Agamidae).
A taxonomic monograph of the liphistiid spider genus Heptathela, endemic to Japanese islands.
Helicobacter pylori in ancient human remains.
Deep ocean seascape and Pseudotanaidae (Crustacea: Tanaidacea) diversity at the Clarion-Clipperton Fracture Zone.
Migrating bison engineer the green wave.
Systematic phenomics analysis of autism-associated genes reveals parallel networks underlying reversible impairments in habituation.
Rapid colorimetric detection of mercury using silver nanoparticles in the presence of methionine.
National-scale marine bioregions for the Southwest Pacific.
From Africa to Europe: evidence of transmission of a tropical Plasmodium lineage in Spanish populations of house sparrows.
Malaria parasite prevalence and Haematological parameters in HIV seropositive patients attending the regional hospital Limbe, Cameroon: a hospital-based cross-sectional study.
Transcriptome sequencing of a keystone aquatic herbivore yields insights on the temperature-dependent metabolism of essential lipids.
Fossil amber reveals springtails \'  longstanding dispersal by social insects.
In Vitro Effects of Vaspin on Porcine Granulosa Cell Proliferation, Cell Cycle Progression, and Apoptosis by Activation of GRP78 Receptor and Several Kinase Signaling Pathways Including MAP3/1, AKT, and STAT3.
Apoptotic potential and chemical composition of Jordanian propolis extract against different cancer cell lines.
Purification and Characterization of Acetylcholinesterase in Rhynchophorus ferrugineus (Olivier) (Coleoptera: Curculionidae).
Neuroprotective potential of azilsartan against cerebral ischemic injury: Possible involvement of mitochondrial mechanisms.
Gata is ubiquitously required for the earliest zygotic gene transcription in the ascidian embryo.
Diversity pattern of Plasmodium knowlesi merozoite surface protein 4 (MSP4) in natural population of Malaysia.
Form and function of tentacles in pteriomorphian bivalves.
Population history and the selective landscape shape patterns of osmoregulatory trait divergence in tidal marsh Savannah sparrows (Passerculus sandwichensis).
Species conservation profiles of tarantula spiders (Araneae, Theraphosidae) listed on CITES.
Protozoan and helminthes parasites endorsed by imported camels (Camel dromedaries) to Egypt.
Phytochemical analysis of mite-infested tea leaves of Darjeeling Hills, India.
Characteristics of heavy metal concentrations and risk assessment for giant pandas and their habitat in the Qinling Mountains, China.
Distribution of arsenic, silver, cadmium, lead and other trace elements in water, sediment and macrophytes in the Kenyan part of Lake Victoria: spatial, temporal and bioindicative aspects.
Dual-targeted therapeutic strategy combining CSC-DC-based vaccine and cisplatin overcomes chemo-resistance in experimental mice model.
Geometrid caterpillar in Eocene Baltic amber (Lepidoptera, Geometridae).
Anatomical study of the coffee berry borer (Hypothenemus hampei) using micro-computed tomography.
Gold Nanoparticles (AuNPs) Conjugated with Andrographolide Ameliorated Viper (Daboia russellii russellii) Venom-Induced Toxicities in Animal Model.
Biological Synthesis of CdTe Quantum Dots and Their Anti-Proliferative Assessment Against Prostate Cancer Cell Line.
Genetic resistance and specificity in sister taxa of Daphnia: insights from the range of host susceptibilities.
The Neural Basis of Dim-Light Vision in Echolocating Bats.
Doxorubicin loaded pH responsive biodegradable ABA-type Amphiphilic PEG-b-aliphatic Polyketal-b-PEG block copolymer for therapy against aggressive murine lymphoma.
The bimodal gas exchange strategies of dragonfly nymphs across development.
Detection of Schistosoma japonicum and Oncomelania hupensis quadrasi environmental DNA and its potential utility to schistosomiasis japonica surveillance in the Philippines.
Localization of YAP activity in developing skeletal rudiments is responsive to mechanical stimulation.
Proximate causes of dispersal for female Yunnan snub-nosed monkeys.
DNA methylation stability in fish spermatozoa upon external constraint: Impact of fish hormonal stimulation and sperm cryopreservation.
Trade-offs between age-related breeding improvement and survival senescence in highly polygynous elephant seals: Dominant males always do better.
Apigenin, A Plant Flavone Playing Noble Roles in Cancer Prevention Via Modulation of Key Cell Signaling Networks.
Supramolecular Nanofibers for Encapsulation and In Situ Differentiation of Neural Stem Cells.
Human influences on antipredator behaviour in Darwin \' s finches.
Phospholipases in neuronal function: a role in learning and memory?
Identification of the complement 9 binding protein in Setaria equina excretory-secretory products.
The anti-inflammatory influence of Cinnamomum burmannii against multi-walled carbon nanotube-induced liver injury in rats.
New records of megophryids (Amphibia: Anura: Megophryidae) from Son La Province, Vietnam.
Author Correction: Important At-Sea Areas of Colonial Breeding Marine Predators on the Southern Patagonian Shelf.
The burden of submicroscopic and asymptomatic malaria in India revealed from epidemiology studies at three varied transmission sites in India.
Exploration of anti-insect potential of trypsin inhibitor purified from seeds of Sapindus mukorossi against Bactrocera cucurbitae.
Xiphosurid from the Tournaisian (Carboniferous) of Scotland confirms deep origin of Limuloidea.
Myristoleic acid produced by enterococci reduces obesity through brown adipose tissue activation.
Predicting Ebola virus disease risk and the role of African bat birthing.
England first, America second: The ecological predictors of life history and innovation.
Adaptive responses of the embryos of birds and reptiles to spatial and temporal variations in nest temperatures.
A molecular war: convergent and ontogenetic evidence for adaptive host manipulation in related parasites infecting divergent hosts.
New synthetic chitosan hybrids bearing some heterocyclic moieties with potential activity as anticancer and apoptosis inducers.
Population dynamics of foxes during restricted-area culling in Britain: Advancing understanding through state-space modelling of culling records.
Deceleration of morphological evolution in a cryptic species complex and its link to paleontological stasis.
Protective effects of human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cell-derived conditioned medium on ovarian damage.
Pressure-induced silk spinning mechanism in webspinners (Insecta: Embioptera).
Effects of miniaturization in the anatomy of the minute springtail Mesaphorura sylvatica (Hexapoda: Collembola: Tullbergiidae).
Subacute exposure to amygdalin influences compact bone remodeling of rabbits.
Novel nonsense IL-12Rbeta1 mutation associated with recurrent tuberculosis.
Time-Course Changes in Urine Metabolic Profiles of Rats Following 90-Day Exposure to Propoxur.
Ecdysteroids are present in the blood of wild passerine birds.
BMP signaling inhibition in Drosophila secondary cells remodels the seminal proteome and self and rival ejaculate functions.
The evolution and genomic basis of beetle diversity.
The power of neuropeptide precursor sequences to reveal phylogenetic relationships in insects: a case study on Blattodea.
Single-cell transcriptome sequencing of rumen ciliates provides insight into their molecular adaptations to the anaerobic and carbohydrate-rich rumen microenvironment.
Comparative genomics of Sphingopyxis spp. unravelled functional attributes.
Metabolic interaction of hydrogen peroxide and hypoxia in zebrafish fibroblasts.
Fate of the organophosphate insecticide, chlorpyrifos, in leaves, soil, and air following application.
The effects of abamectin on oxidative stress and gene expression in rat liver and brain tissues: Modulation by sesame oil and ascorbic acid.
Environment-friendly management of textile mill wastewater sludge using epigeic earthworms: Bioaccumulation of heavy metals and metallothionein production.
Phylogeography, Population Structure, and Species Delimitation in Rockhopper Penguins (Eudyptes chrysocome and Eudyptes moseleyi).
Thermal physiology and activity in relation to reproductive status and sex in a free-ranging semelparous marsupial.
Mutation of an L-Type Calcium Channel Gene Leads to T Lymphocyte Dysfunction.
Emergence of Genetic Diversity and Multi-Drug Resistant Campylobacter jejuni From Wild Birds in Beijing, China.
MiR-137 Deficiency Causes Anxiety-Like Behaviors in Mice.
Circuit Mechanisms of Neurodegenerative Diseases: A New Frontier With Miniature Fluorescence Microscopy.
In vivo analysis of Bisphenol A induced dose-dependent adverse effects in cauda epididymis of mice.
Effects of mustard oil cake on liver proteins of Channa punctatus (Bloch).
First record of Cicadellidae (Insecta, Hemiptera, Auchenorrhyncha) from Eocene Sakhalinian amber.
Ten new species of the spider genus Sinoderces Li &amp; Li, 2017 from China, Laos and Thailand (Araneae, Psilodercidae).
The Antitumor Activity of a Novel Fluorobenzamidine against Dimethylhydrazine-Induced Colorectal Cancer in Rats.
Global transcriptome analysis of porcine oocytes in correlation with follicle size.
Prognostic Significance of Nucleolar Assessment in Invasive Breast Cancer.
The Genomic Impact of European Colonization of the Americas.
Interplay between Developmental Flexibility and Determinism in the Evolution of Mimetic Heliconius Wing Patterns.
A patatin-like phospholipase functions during gametocyte induction in the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.
Identification of potential radiation-responsive biomarkers based on human orthologous genes with possible roles in DNA repair pathways by comparison between Arabidopsis thaliana and homo sapiens.
Estimation of post-mortem interval based on insect species present on a corpse found in a suitcase.
Spirulina platensis ameliorates the sub chronic toxicities of lead in rabbits via anti-oxidative, anti- inflammatory, and immune stimulatory properties.
Molecular characterization in the toll-like receptor 9 gene of Cape Mountain Zebra (Equus zebra zebra) from three populations.
Perfluoropolyether carboxylic acids (novel alternatives to PFOA) impair zebrafish posterior swim bladder development via thyroid hormone disruption.
Analysis of transporter associated with antigen presentation (TAP) genes polymorphisms with HIV-1 infection.
Hydroxyl substituted benzoic acid/cinnamic acid derivatives: Tyrosinase inhibitory kinetics, anti-melanogenic activity and molecular docking studies.
Supplementation of green tea extract (GTE) in extender improves structural and functional characteristics, total antioxidant capacity and in vivo fertility of buffalo (Bubalus bubalis) bull spermatozoa.
Cytogenetic Analysis Did Not Reveal Differentiated Sex Chromosomes in Ten Species of Boas and Pythons (Reptilia: Serpentes).
Seasonal Changes in the Metabolic Profiles and Biological Activity in Leaves of Diospyros digyna and D. rekoi "Zapote" Trees.
Energy requirements, length of digestive tract compartments and body mass in six gerbilline rodents of the Negev Desert.
Rich yet undocumented ethnozoological practices of socio-culturally diverse indigenous communities of Sikkim Himalaya, India.
Melatonin and insulin modulates the cellular biochemistry, histoarchitecture and receptor expression during hepatic injury in diabetic rats.
Circadian clock regulates the shape and content of dendritic spines in mouse barrel cortex.
Bioinformatics Analysis Identifies Protein Tyrosine Kinase 7 (PTK7) as a Potential Prognostic and Therapeutic Biomarker in Stages I to IV Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Species Selection Regime and Phylogenetic Tree Shape.
No evidence for phylosymbiosis in western chipmunk species.
Predation on the invasive mosquito Aedes japonicus (Diptera: Culicidae) by native copepod species in Germany.
Requirement of beta1 integrin for endothelium-dependent vasodilation and collateral formation in hindlimb ischemia.
Steroid hormones in hair reveal sexual maturity and competition in wild house mice (Mus musculus domesticus).
Contrasting Computational Models of Mate Preference Integration Across 45 Countries.
Author Correction: Impacts of environmental and socio-economic factors on emergence and epidemic potential of Ebola in Africa.
Imaging of Neutrophils and Neutrophil Extracellular Traps (NETs) with Intravital (In Vivo) Microscopy.
Stem Cell Therapy for Hepatocellular Carcinoma: Future Perspectives.
Nanoformulated ellagic acid ameliorates pentylenetetrazol-induced experimental epileptic seizures by modulating oxidative stress, inflammatory cytokines and apoptosis in the brains of male mice.
Effect of social organisation on interspecific differences in overmarking behaviour of foals in African equids.
Correction to: Effect of periodic abstinence from dairy products for approximately half of the year on bone health in adults following the Christian Orthodox Church fasting rules for decades.
alpha,ss-Didehydrosuberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (DDSAHA) as precursor and possible analogue of the anticancer drug SAHA.
Andean Tectonics and Mantle Dynamics as a Pervasive Influence on Amazonian Ecosystem.
Nitrogen enrichment leads to changing fatty acid composition of phytoplankton and negatively affects zooplankton in a natural lake community.
Shrub cover homogenizes small mammals \'  activity and perceived predation risk.
Adaptation is maintained by the parliament of genes.
Complementary effect of attachment devices in stick insects (Phasmatodea).
Ailuropoda melanoleuca (Giant Panda).
Genetic characterization of Toxoplasma gondii in Iranian HIV positive patients using Multilocus nested-PCR-RFLP method.
The regulatory roles of neutrophils in adaptive immunity.
Using imperfect data in predictive mapping of vectors: a regional example of Ixodes ricinus distribution.
Do agricultural environments increase the reproductive success of White Stork Ciconia ciconia populations in South-Western Poland?
Studies on conformational changes induced by binding of pendimethalin with human serum albumin.
Cystic echinococcosis: Development of an intermediate host rabbit model for using in vaccination studies.
In silico and in vitro antioxidant activity profiles of urea and thiourea derivatives of 5-hydroxytryptophan.
Microdissection and whole chromosome painting confirm karyotype transformation in cryptic species of the Lariophagus distinguendus (Forster, 1841) complex (Hymenoptera: Pteromalidae).
A fecal sequel: Testing the limits of a genetic assay for bat species identification.
Land snail dispersal, abundance and diversity on green roofs.
Transdifferentiation and mesenchymal-to-epithelial transition during regeneration in Demospongiae (Porifera).
Histone Deacetylase Inhibitors Enhance the Amoebicidal Effect of Low Concentration of Polyhexamethylene Biguanide by Inducing Apoptosis.
The potential therapeutic effect for melatonin and mesenchymal stem cells on hepatocellular carcinoma.
FBXO47 regulates telomere-inner nuclear envelope integration by stabilizing TRF2 during meiosis.
Long-term peroral administration of bitter apricot seeds influences cortical bone microstructure of rabbits.
Enhancement of Purified Human Colon Cancer-Specific Parasporal Toxin from Bacillus thuringiensis-LDC-501.
Taxonomic review of the Themus (Telephorops) nepalensis species-group (Coleoptera, Cantharidae).
The costs and benefits of decentralization and centralization of ant colonies.
The genome-wide risk alleles for psychiatric disorders at 3p21.1 show convergent effects on mRNA expression, cognitive function, and mushroom dendritic spine.
CAIX forms a transport metabolon with monocarboxylate transporters in human breast cancer cells.
Orexin A as a modulator of dorsal lateral geniculate neuronal activity: a comprehensive electrophysiological study on adult rats.
Gain and loss events in the evolution of the apolipoprotein family in vertebrata.
Reproductive Parameters of Wild Rhinopithecus bieti.
A Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism Induced Alternative Splicing in Tacr3 Involves in Hypoxic-ischemic Brain Damage.
Sound radiation pattern of the advertisement call of the highly territorial poison frog Allobates femoralis.
Sox2 and Klf4 as the Functional Core in Pluripotency Induction without Exogenous Oct4.
Comparative study of the in vivo toxicity and pathophysiology of envenomation by three medically important Egyptian snake venoms.
Salvadora persica protects mouse intestine from eimeriosis.
Mitogenomic diversity in Sacred Ibis Mummies sheds light on early Egyptian practices.
In silico insights on Disialoganglioside GD2 : A Potential target for Pediatric Neuroblastoma.
Influence of food availability and climate on behavior patterns of western black crested gibbons (Nomascus concolor) at Mt. Wuliang, Yunnan, China.
First Report Regarding the Simultaneous Molecular Detection of Anaplasma marginale and Theileria annulata in Equine Blood Samples Collected from Southern Punjab in Pakistan.
Assessment of reproductive function in male albino rat fed dietary meal supplemented with Mucuna pruriens seed powder.
Adolescence benzo[a]pyrene treatment induces learning and memory impairment and anxiolytic like behavioral response altering neuronal morphology of hippocampus in adult male Wistar rats.
Genomics of host-pathogen interactions: challenges and opportunities across ecological and spatiotemporal scales.
The effect of social information from live demonstrators compared to video playback on blue tit foraging decisions.
Endless forms of sexual selection.
Prey selectivity and the effect of diet on growth and development of a dragonfly, Sympetrum sanguineum.
The Molecular Mechanisms of Gametic Incompatibility in Invertebrates.
Corrigendum: High-Load Reovirus Infections Do Not Imply Physiological Impairment in Salmon.
Species delimitation of crab-eating frogs (Fejervarya cancrivora complex) clarifies taxonomy and geographic distributions in mainland Southeast Asia.
Towards an Integrative, Eco-Evolutionary Understanding of Ecological Novelty: Studying and Communicating Interlinked Effects of Global Change.
Biodiversity of protists and nematodes in the wild nonhuman primate gut.
Coelogynopora schockaerti n. sp. (Proseriata: Coelogynoporidae), a remnant of a platyhelminth coldwater fauna in the northwestern Mediterranean?
Confirmation of Trachischium guentheri (Serpentes: Colubridae) from Tibet, China, with description of Tibetan T. monticola.
New data on Parasyrisca (Araneae: Gnaphosidae) from Mongolia.
Three new species of Syllis Savigny in Lamarck, 1818 (Annelida: Syllidae) from the south coast of South Africa.
Haematophagous biting midges of the extant genus Culicoides Latreille (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae) evolved during the mid-Cretaceous.
Redescription and new records of Phoroncidia septemaculeata O. Pickard Cambridge 1873 from India (Araneae: Theridiidae).
A new species of the genus Eucyclodes (Lepidoptera, Geometridae, Geometrinae) from China.
The systematic position of Pamera noctuabunda Bergroth, 1907 (Hemiptera: Heteroptera: Rhyparochromidae), with a revised key to the species of Stalaria Harrington, 1980.
Review of the world Monoctonina Mackauer 1961 (Hymenoptera, Braconidae, Aphidiinae): key for their identification and descriptions of five new species.
Chewing lice from the white-rumped vulture in Nepal, with description of a new species of Aegypoecus.
Taxonomy and distribution of pimpline parasitoids (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Pimplinae) in Ukraine.
A new Pseudopyrochroa Pic, 1906 from Yunnan, China with a key to adultPseudopyrochroa males from the Province and correction on type repository for Frontodendroidopsis pennyi Young (Coleoptera: Pyrochroidae: Pyrochroinae).
Description of Cribronema sturhani sp. n. (Nematoda, Rhabditida, Cephalobidae), a second species of a rare genus from Cameroon.
Ictelmis, a new riffle beetle genus from Ecuador (Coleoptera: Elmidae).
Reply to Wiens and Scholl: The time dependency of diversification rates is a widely observed phenomenon.
Hmgcr promotes a long-range signal to attract germ cells independent of Hedgehog.
Evaluation and Microanalysis of Parasitic and Bacterial Agents of Egyptian Fresh Sushi, Salmo salar.
Anti-Inflammatory and Anti-Hyperuricemic Functions of Two Synthetic Hybrid Drugs with Dual Biological Active Sites.
Thymoquinone-PLGA-PVA Nanoparticles Ameliorate Bleomycin-Induced Pulmonary Fibrosis in Rats via Regulation of Inflammatory Cytokines and iNOS Signaling.
A Population Census of Large Herbivores Based on UAV and Its Effects on Grazing Pressure in the Yellow-River-Source National Park, China.
Enhanced Production of Fatty Acid Ethyl Ester with Engineered fabHDG Operon in Escherichia coli.
Prey and Venom Efficacy of Male and Female Wandering Spider, Phoneutria boliviensis (Araneae: Ctenidae).
Rational Design and Synthesis of Diverse Pyrimidine Molecules Bearing Sulfonamide Moiety as Novel ERK Inhibitors.
Massive Loss of Olfactory Receptors But Not Trace Amine-Associated Receptors in the World \' s Deepest-Living Fish (Pseudoliparis swirei).
On the genus Typhlopolycystis Karling, 1956 (Platyhelminthes, Kalyptorhynchia, Polycystididae), with data on the five known species and the description of eleven new species.
The endemic Southern African genus Epirinus Dejean, 1833 (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae: Scarabaeinae) revisited: five new species and two new synonyms.
Two new species of the spider genus Belisana Thorell (Araneae: Pholcidae) from Xishuangbanna, Yunnan, China.
A new species of Eutardigrade (Macrobiotidae) from New Zealand.
The Status of Triorophus punctatus LeConte (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae: Pimeliinae: Edrotini).
On three new species of Elpidium Muller, 1880 and the re-description of Elpidium laesslei (Tressler, 1956) from Jamaica (Ostracoda: Podocopida: Limnocytheridae).
Revision of the flightless click-beetle genus Neodima Schimmel amp; Platia br /&gt;(Elateridae: Dimini) endemic to China, with comments on its systematic position.
The use of egg characters for the classification of Notodontidae (Lepidoptera), with keys to the common Palaearctic genera and species.
Pachnoda iskuulka (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae: Cetoniinae), a new species from Somaliland, including description of its mature larva.
Defining new dung beetle tribes to resolve discrepancies between phylogeny and tribal classification in the subfamily Scarabaeinae (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae).
Bombardier beetles of the genus Pheropsophus Solier 1833 (Carabidae: Brachininae: Brachinini) from Indian subcontinent.
A new cavernicolous species of the genus Bergrothia Reitter, 1884 (Coleoptera, Staphylinidae, Pselaphinae) from Georgia.
Four species of Mazocraeoides Price, 1936 (Monogenea: Mazocraeidae), including two new species from clupeiform fishes off Visakhapatnam coast, Bay of Bengal.
Two overlooked generic synonyms in the Thraupidae (Aves: Passeriformes).
The Xiphydria palaeanarctica group from Japan (Hymenoptera, Xiphydriidae).
Clarifying the taxonomic status and distributions of the spider species collected during the Leonhard Schultze expeditions in western and central southern Africa (Arachnida: Araneae).
Larval morphology of Hylarana lateralis (Boulenger) (Anura: Ranidae) from southern Vietnam.
New record of a Poecilimon species (Orthoptera: Tettigoniidae: Phaneropterinae; Barbitistini) from China.
Description of Penia mantillerii sp. nov. (Coleoptera: Elateridae: Dimini), with a key to Penia species from Vietnam and nearby areas.
DNA barcodes and morphology revealed three species masquerading in Xiphydria camelus of authors (Hymenoptera, Xiphydriidae) in Northeast Asia: X. eborata sp. rev. and X. albopicta sp. nov.
A new species of Acanthosaura Gray 1831 (Reptilia: Agamidae) from central Vietnam.
Schizorhynchia (Platyhelminthes, Rhabdocoela) from eastern Cuba, with the description of fifteen new species.
Overview of the bee genus Trachusa Panzer, 1804 (Hymenoptera: Apoidea: Megachilidae: Anthidiini) from China with description of three new species.
A new species of tree snake (Dipsadoboa, Serpentes: Colubridae) from  \' sky island \'  forests in northern Mozambique, with notes on other members of the Dipsadoboa werneri group.
A new myrmecophilous mite species of the genus Cosmolaelaps Berlese, 1903 (Acari, Mesostigmata, Laelapidae) from Central Europe (Slovakia).
Naiadacarus sidorchukae sp. n. (Acariformes: Acaridae) from Western Siberia closely related to a North American species, with a new generic synonymy.
A beautiful new species of Hyalonthophagus Palestrini amp; Giacone, 1988 (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae: Scarabaeinae), from the Northern Cape Province, South Africa.
On the taxonomic validity of Indian ground spiders: I. Genus Scopoides Platnick, 1989 (Araneae: Gnaphosidae).
Four new species of the genus Draconarius Ovtchinnikov, 1999 (Araneae, Agelenidae) from the Tibetan Plateau, China.
Revision of the Neotropical genus Domodon Reemer (Diptera: Syrphidae), with description of three new species.
New genus and species of cockroaches from the tribe Brachycolini (Blattaria: Blaberidae: Blaberinae) and redescription of the Hormetica strumosa.
Descriptions of species of Acrobeles von Linstow, 1877 (Nematoda, Rhabditida, Cephalobidae) from Kelso Dunes, Mojave National Preserve, California, USA.
A review of Organopoda Hampson, 1893 (Lepidoptera, Geometridae) from China, with description of three new species.
Contributions to the knowledge of Umbrageocoris (Heteroptera: Lygaeoidea: Geocoridae).
Re-description of type material of Xenia Lamarck, 1816 (Octocorallia: Xeniidae).
Description of a new species of the genus Bagauda (Heteroptera: Reduviidae: Emesinae) from Maharashtra State, India.
Taxonomic revision of the aequata-group of the subgenus Eucera s. str (Hymenoptera, Apidae, Eucerini).
Review of Pseudoaerumnosa Rudzinski (Diptera, Sciaridae), with the description of twenty-four new species.
A new species of Chaetonerius Hendel (Diptera: Neriidae) from Northeast Madagascar.
Two remarkable new species of Argyrophorus Blanchard from the Peruvian high Andes (Lepidoptera, Nymphalidae, Satyrinae).
Description of the last instar larva of Calicnemia eximia (Selys, 1863) (Odonata: Platycnemididae) from West Bengal, India.
Male identification, generic classification and sexual dimorphism of Micronychus pardus (Kazantsev, 2018) comb. nov. (Coleoptera: Lycidae: Calochrominae).
Cabdio crassus, a new species of cyprinid fish (Teleostei: Cyprinidae) from the Kaladan River of Mizoram, India.
Revision of the bee genus Bathanthidium Mavromoustakis (Hymenoptera: Apoidea: Megachilidae: Anthidiini) with description of a new species from China.
New Myxophagan water beetles from Madagascar (Coleoptera: Torridincolidae, Hydroscaphidae).
Transfer of the Indian species formerly included in the genus Lutica Marx, 1891 to Tropizodium Jocque amp; Churchill, 2005 and Zodarion Walckenaer, 1826 (Araneae, Zodariidae).
Two new earthworm species of the genus Amynthas (Oligochaeta: Megascolecidae) from central Taiwan, with comments on some recent species assignments in Amynthas and Metaphire.
Erratum: ANDREI V. GRISCHENKO, DENNIS P. GORDON amp; TARAS B. MOROZOV (2018) Fatkullina imitata n. sp., second species of a unique cheilostome bryozoan genus with reversed-polarity zooidal budding, and new family Fatkullinidae. Zootaxa, 4508: 068-084.
Geophilus serbicus sp. nov., a new species from the Balkan Peninsula (Chilopoda: Geophilomorpha: Geophilidae).
The tadpole of Ameerega boehmei in southeastern Bolivia.
The discovery of Rock Geckos Cnemaspis Strauch, 1887 (Squamata: Gekkonidae) in the Tanintharyi Region, Myanmar with the description of two new species.
Decimodrilus, a new enchytraeid genus from Korea (Annelida, Clitellata, Enchytraeidae).
New Oligaphorura species (Collembola: Onychiuridae) from the forests of East Asia.
Two species of Edwardsia having gigantic nematocysts, E. aff. tuberculata br /&gt;and E. alternobomen sp. nov. (Cnidaria; Anthozoa; Actiniaria; Edwardsiidae) from Japan.
First record of Undabracon Quicke, 1986 (Hymenoptera: Braconidae, Braconinae) from the Indian subcontinent with the description of a new species.
A new mayfly species of Rhoenanthus (Ephemeroptera: Potamanthidae) from Peninsular India.
Larvae of Cylindera (Eugrapha) contorta (Fleutiaux) (Coleoptera: Cicindelidae) and general review of larval features in the subgenus Eugrapha.
Contributions to the taxonomy, identification, and biogeography of Casinaria Holmgren and Venturia Schrottky (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae: Campopleginae).
Revision of Pyrrhalta (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae: Galerucinae) species with maculate elytra.
Re-classification of Lycoriella Frey sensu lato (Diptera, Sciaridae), with description of Trichocoelina gen. n. and twenty new species.
Description of the larva of Meliboeus morawitzi (Semenov, 1905 (Coleoptera: Buprestidae).
Holomorphology of Kamimuria peppapiggia sp. n. (Plecoptera: Perlidae) from the foothills of Taihang Mountains, Henan Province of China.
A new species of Versicorpus Deschodt, Davis amp; Scholtz, 2011 (Scarabaeidae: Scarabaeinae: Byrrhidiini) from the Brandberg Mountain, Namibia.
Arcanumophis, a new genus and generic allocation for Erythrolamprus problematicus (Myers 1986), Xenodontinae (Colubridae) from the Cordillera de Carabaya, southern Peru.
Operculum shape variation in Theodoxus Montfort, 1810 (Gastropoda: Neritidae).
Description of two new species of Rhodostrophia Hubner, 1823 from China (Lepidoptera, Geometridae).
Pyura (Tunicata: Ascidiacea: Pyuridae) on the coasts of Panama.
Nymphal development of Rhopalus maculatus and Chorosoma schillingii (Hemiptera: Heteroptera: Rhopalidae: Rhopalinae) and development of trichobothrial pattern in Rhopalidae.
Myanmaro primus gen. et sp. nov., the first orthoclad (Diptera: Chironomidae) from Cretaceous Burmese amber.
Redescription and Clarification of Type Designation of Entocythere cambaria Marshall, 1903 (Ostracoda: Entocytheridae) and synonymization of Entocythere illinoisensis Hoff, 1942.
Description of the snail-eating flatworm in marine aquaria, Pericelis tectivorum sp. nov. (Polycladida, Platyhelminthes).
Contributions to the taxonomy, identification, and biogeography of the Western Palaearctic species of Campoletis Forster (Ichneumonidae: Campopleginae).
A New Indobathynella Species from an Indian Cave. The First Cavernicolous Bathynellidae (Syncarida: Bathynellacea) from South-eastern India.
Chaetonerius Hendel (Neriidae: Diptera) from the East African islands with description of four new species from Madagascar and the Comoros.
Elateridae (Coleoptera) of Lebanon.
Corrigenda and Addenda to the Article "The taxonomic history of Indo-Papuan groundsnakes, genus Stegonotus Dumeril et al., 1854 (Colubridae), with some taxonomic revisions and the designation of a neotype for S. parvus (Meyer, 1874)" by Kaiser et al. (2018).
A new genus with three new species of free-living marine nematodes of the subfamily Desmodorinae (Nematoda: Desmodoridae), from the continental shelf off northeastern Brazil.
The millipede genus Antichiropus (Diplopoda: Polydesmida: Paradoxosomatidae), part 3: species of the Pilbara bioregion of Western Australia.
A new genus of Pulaeini (Acari: Prostigmata: Cunaxidae) from South-East Asia.
Cave water walker: an extremely troglomorphic Troglaphorura gladiator gen. et sp. nov. (Collembola, Onychiuridae) from Snezhnaya Cave in the Caucasus.
Five new species of mites in the genus Leptogamasus Tragardh, 1936, and a new subgenus Medioperigamasus (Parasitiformes: Parasitidae).
Redescription and new records of the monotypic genus Trynocoris Herring, 1976 (Heteroptera: Miridae: Cylapinae: Fulviini).
Two new species of Anaphes Haliday (Hymenoptera: Mymaridae) from India and Indonesia.
New species of Moluccan trichaline net-winged beetles, with remarks on the phylogenetic position and distribution of Schizotrichalus (Coleoptera: Lycidae: Metriorrhynchinae).
New synonymies and transfers in Castianeira Keyserling, 1879 (Araneae, Corinnidae, Castianeirinae) from India.
Description of the immature and adult stages of the jujube tube spittlebug, Machaerota planitiae Distant (Hemiptera: Cercopoidea: Machaerotidae) in Bangladesh.
Lectotype designations, taxonomic notes and new synonymies in some species of the bee genus Centris Fabricius, 1804 described by Amedee Lepeletier de Saint-Fargeau (Hymenoptera: Apidae).
Congruence between morphology and molecular data supports the distinction between the snapping shrimps Alpheus macrocheles and A. amblyonyx (Caridea, Alpheidae).
New southern African species and a revalidation in the dung beetle genus Gyronotus van Lansberge, 1874 (Scarabaeidae: Scarabaeinae) with an updated key.
First record of freshwater planarian Girardia tigrina (Platyhelminthes, Tricladida, Continenticola) in Eastern Europe.
A revision of the endemic South African long-jawed ground spider genus Drassodella Hewitt, 1916 (Araneae: Gallieniellidae).
Revision of the Old World species of the genus Tephritis (Diptera, Tephritidae) with a pair of isolated apical spots.
Systaria barkudensis (Gravely, 1931) is a junior synonym of Palicanus caudatus Thorell, 1897 (Araneae: Miturgidae, Systariinae).
Description of the previously unknown morphs of Periphyllus koelreuteriae (Takahashi) (Hemiptera, Aphididae: Chaitophorinae).
Pamphilius japonicus feeds on Cornus: the first Old World record of Pamphiliidae (Hymenoptera) associated with Cornaceae.
Redescription of Milnesium alpigenum Ehrenberg, 1853 (Tardigrada: Apochela) and a description of Milnesium inceptum sp. nov., a tardigrade laboratory model.
Chameleonfishes in Bangladesh: hipshot taxonomy, sibling species, elusive species, and limits of species delimitation (Teleostei: Badidae).
Three new species of the snake genus Achalinus from Vietnam (Squamata: Xenodermatidae).
A new species of Indo-Papuan groundsnake, genus Stegonotus Dumeril et al., 1854 (Serpentes, Colubridae), from the Bird \' s Head Peninsula of West Papua, Indonesia, with comments on differentiating morphological characters.
Rediscovery, taxonomic status, and phylogenetic relationships of two rare and endemic snakes (Serpentes: Psammophiinae) from the southwestern Angolan plateau.
Oriental macropterous leaf-mimic pygmy grasshoppers-genera Oxyphyllum and Paraphyllum (Orthoptera: Tetrigidae) and their taxonomic assignment.
The correct authorship of the amphipod genus-group name Quasimodia (Senticaudata: Hyaloidea: Phliantidae).
Drilidae Blanchard, 1845: multi-gene molecular phylogenies versus morphological similarity. An answer to Kovalev et al.
Open-holed trapdoor spiders of the genus Teyl (Mygalomorphae: Nemesiidae: Anamini) from Western Australia \' s Pilbara bioregion: a new species and expanded phylogenetic assessment.
Re-descriptions of mature larvae of two predatory species of Nudobius and Gabrius associated with bark beetle galleries (Coleoptera: Staphylinidae).
Mesobiotus datanlanicus sp. nov., a new tardigrade species (Macrobiotidae: Mesobiotus harmsworthi group) from Lam Dong Province in Vietnam.
New species and new combination in the genus Plistonax Thomson, 1864 (Cerambycidae, Lamiinae, Acanthoderini).
Unexpected diversity of Lacon Laporte, 1838 (Coleoptera: Elateridae: Agrypninae) in the Levant: revised species concepts, new species, and an identification key.
Katydids (Orthoptera: Tettigoniidae) of Gorongosa National Park and Central Mozambique.
A new species of Aphidura Hille Ris Lambers, and additional data for Aphidura pakistanensis (Hemiptera: Aphididae) from Republic of Georgia.
Eight new species of the spider genus Khorata Huber, 2005 (Araneae: Pholcidae) from China.
Channa rara, a new species of snakehead fish from the Western Ghats region of Maharashtra, India (Teleostei: Labyrinthici: Channidae).
Revision of the genus Theopea Baly (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae: Galerucinae) in Sundaland and the Philippines: Redefinition of the genus.
A case of an unjustified Aphid name emendation.
Benthic hydroids (Cnidaria, Hydrozoa) from the Weddell Sea (Antarctica).
Neochloroglyphica, a new genus of Geometrinae from China (Lepidoptera, Geometridae), with description of a new species.
Unexpected diversity of whitefly predators in Eocene Baltic amber-new fossil Serangium species (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae).
Transfer of the Namibian Argistes africanus Simon, 1910 (Araneae: Liocranidae) to Afroceto Lyle amp; Haddad, 2010 (Trachelidae), with a new synonym.
Definition of the Bradysia luctifica group (Diptera, Sciaridae), with the description of five new species.
A new species of Succinoraphidia Aspock amp; Aspock, 2004 (Raphidioptera: Raphidiidae) from the late Eocene Rovno amber, with venation characteristics of the genus.
Throscidae (Coleoptera) relationships, with descriptions of new fossil genera and species.
Parasitoids of jumping plant-lice (Psylloidea, Hemiptera) from the family Encyrtidae (Hymenoptera, Chalcidoidea) in Serbia.
Virus-like Particle Vaccine Containing Toxoplasma gondii Rhoptry Protein 13 Induces Protection against T. gondii ME49 Infection in Mice.
Parasite Infiltration and Apoptosis in Spleen upon Toxoplasma gondii Infection.
Development and characterization of white spot disease linked microsatellite DNA markers in Penaeus monodon, and their application to determine the population diversity, cluster and structure.
Biosynthesized silver nanoparticles and their genotoxicity.
Integration of skeletal traits in some passerines: impact (or the lack thereof) of body mass, phylogeny, diet and habitat.
Metal/Metal Oxide Nanoparticles: Toxicity, Applications, and Future Prospects.
Application of Systems Thinking to the assessment of an institutional development project of river restoration at a campus university in Southern Brazil.
Forensic effectiveness and genetic distribution of 23 autosomal STRs included in Verifiler PlusTM multiplex in a population sample from Madhya Pradesh, India.
Genetic and epigenetic Muller \' s ratchet as a mechanism of frailty and morbidity during aging: a demographic genetic model.
Identification of key regulators in prostate cancer from gene expression datasets of patients.
Freshwater mussels house a diverse mussel-associated leech assemblage.
Cytokine gene expression assay as a diagnostic tool for detection of Mycobacterium bovis infection in warthogs (Phacochoerus africanus).
A new species of the flower bug genus Orius Wolff (Hemiptera: Anthocoridae) cryptically inhabiting Hibiscus tiliaceus L. (Malvaceae).
Ensign wasps (Hymenoptera: Evanioidea, Evaniidae) in the fauna of Russia, with description of a new Brachygaster Leach species from Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.
An annotated catalogue of Elachistinae of the World (Lepidoptera: Gelechioidea: Elachistidae).
Revision of the southern African genera Nemopterella Banks and Nemia Navas (Neuroptera: Nemopteridae: Nemopterinae), with descriptions of new genera and species.
A new mayfly Thraulus species (Ephemeroptera: Leptophlebiidae) from Peninsular India.
Morphology of pupae of five species of the genus Bembecia-group ichneumoniformis (Lepidoptera: Sesiidae).
Revision of the Afrotropical Xorides Latreille, 1809 (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Xoridinae), with description of three new species.
Paraschistura kermanensis, a new stone loach species from southeastern Iran (Teleostei: Nemacheilidae).
Taxonomic revision of the Neotropical genus Ormiophasia Townsend, 1919 (Diptera: Tachinidae), with the description of eight new species.
Neural progenitor cells mediated by H2A.Z.2 regulate microglial development via Cxcl14 in the embryonic brain.
Pollination of Cretaceous flowers.
Developmental effects on hypothalamic, hypophyseal, testicular and steroidogenic patterns of sertraline-exposed male rats by accumulated doses from juvenile to puberty.
Virtual methylome dissection facilitated by single-cell analyses.
SNP analyses reveal a diverse pool of potential colonists to earthquake-uplifted coastlines.
Effects of sublethal Cd, Zn, and mixture exposures on antioxidant defense and oxidative stress parameters in early life stages of the purple sea urchin Strongylocentrotus purpuratus.
Developmental systems drift and the drivers of sex chromosome evolution.
Optimizing Phylogenomics with Rapidly Evolving Long Exons: Comparison with Anchored Hybrid Enrichment and Ultraconserved Elements.
Ludwig Heinrich Bojanus (1776-1827) on Gall \' s craniognomic system, zoology, and comparative anatomy.
Morphogenesis of the ovarian follicular epithelium during initial stages of embryogenesis of the viviparous earwig, Hemimerus talpoides.
Assessment of DNA damage and oxidative stress in juvenile Channa punctatus (Bloch) after exposure to multi-walled carbon nanotubes.
Potential dual expansion of domesticated donkeys revealed by worldwide analysis on mitochondrial sequences.
Oxidative stress-mediated photoactivation of carbazole inhibits human skin cell physiology.
Chemical constituents, experimental and clinical pharmacology of Rosa damascena: a literature review.
Identification and profiling of microRNAs responsive to cadmium toxicity in hepatopancreas of the freshwater crab Sinopotamon henanense.
Prevalence of Soil-transmitted Helminths in Primary School Playgrounds in Edo State, Southern Nigeria.
Facing death: How does the subterranean termite Coptotermes gestroi (Isoptera: Rhinotermitidae) deal with corpses?
Secondary contact after allopatric divergence explains avian speciation and high species diversity in the Himalayan-Hengduan Mountains.
Heart rate variability in the tegu lizard, Salvator merianae, its neuroanatomical basis and role in the assessment of recovery from experimental manipulation.
Di- and tri-substituted s-triazine derivatives: Synthesis, characterization, anticancer activity in human breast-cancer cell lines, and developmental toxicity in zebrafish embryos.
Unstructured loop is essential for the activation of mGluR2.
Geographic body size variation of a tropical anuran: effects of water deficit and precipitation seasonality on Asian common toad from southern Asia.
Selected by gene co-expression network and molecular docking analyses, ENMD-2076 is highly effective in glioblastoma-bearing rats.
Differences in the Young modulus and hardness reflect different functions of teeth within the taenioglossan radula of gastropods.
Cross-contamination and strong mitonuclear discordance in Empria sawflies (Hymenoptera, Tenthredinidae) in the light of phylogenomic data.
Rapid and solitary production of mono-rhamnolipid biosurfactant and biofilm inhibiting pyocyanin by a taxonomic outlier Pseudomonas aeruginosa strain CR1.
The 42nd annual meeting of the American Primatological Society in Madison, Wisconsin.
The role of common ancestry and gene flow in the evolution of human-directed play behavior in dogs.
Serotonin and MucXS release by small secretory cells depend on Xpod, a SSC specific marker gene.
Learning leads to bounded rationality and the evolution of cognitive bias in public goods games.
Deciphering phylogenetic relationships and delimiting species boundaries using a Bayesian coalescent approach in protists: A case study of the ciliate genus Spirostomum (Ciliophora, Heterotrichea).
Creating artificial Rhino Horns from Horse Hair.
Cav2.3 channels contribute to dopaminergic neuron loss in a model of Parkinson \' s disease.
Exosomes Produced by Mesenchymal Stem Cells Drive Differentiation of Myeloid Cells into Immunosuppressive M2-Polarized Macrophages in Breast Cancer.
Cyclin B2/CDK1 inhibits separase activity in oocyte meiosis I.
Long-term monitoring of temperate macroalgal assemblages inside and outside a No take marine reserve.
The role of the liver in the migration of parasites of global significance.
Effect of Varying Levels of Chromium Propionate on Growth Performance and Blood Biochemistry of Broilers.
A sense of place, many times over - pattern formation and evolution of repetitive morphological structures.
Handgrip strength is associated with hippocampal volume and white matter hyperintensities in major depression and healthy controls: a U.K. Biobank study.
Phytoextracts As Antibacterials - A Review.
In-silico subtractive proteomic analysis approach for therapeutic targets in MDR Salmonella enterica sub sp. Enterica serovar Typhi str. CT18.
Synthesis, biological evaluation and molecular docking studies of novel di-hydropyridine analogs as potent antioxidants.
Effects of Natura 2000 on nontarget bird and butterfly species based on citizen science data.
A Review of the Use of Black Soldier Fly Larvae, Hermetia illucens (Diptera: Stratiomyidae), to Compost Organic Waste in Tropical Regions.
Knowing Me, Knowing You: Anal Gland Secretion of European Badgers (Meles meles) Codes for Individuality, Sex and Social Group Membership.
Cellular elements in the developing caecum of Japanese quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica): morphological, morphometrical, immunohistochemical and electron-microscopic studies.
Stepwise shifts underlie evolutionary trends in morphological complexity of the mammalian vertebral column.
Conservation Genomics in a Changing Arctic.
Social Barriers in Ecological Landscapes: The Social Resistance Hypothesis.
The Components and Spatiotemporal Dimension of Carrion Biomass Quantification.
Cytogenotoxic effects of fullerene C60 in the freshwater teleostean fish, Anabas testudineus (Bloch, 1792).
Diabetes Type 2 and Kisspeptin: Central and Peripheral Sex-Specific Actions.
Environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons mixture, in human blood levels, decreased oestradiol secretion by granulosa cells via ESR1 and GPER1 but not ESR2 receptor.
Emerging Roles of Long Non-Coding RNAs as Drivers of Brain Evolution.
Accumulation of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and microbiome response in the great pond snail Lymnaea stagnalis with exposure to nylon (polyamide) microplastics.
Adaptation to the abiotic environment in insects: the influence of variability on ecophysiology and evolutionary genomics.
The dynamics of cyanide defences in the life cycle of an aposematic butterfly: biosynthesis versus sequestration.
Development of the chick wing and leg neuromuscular systems and their plasticity in response to changes in digit numbers.
Infectivity of Simulium damnosum s.l. and therapeutic coverage of ivermectin distribution 10 years post treatment around Owena Dam, Ondo state, Nigeria.
Loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP): An advanced molecular point-of-care technique for the detection of Leishmania infection.
Novel 5-(1-aryl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)-1H-tetrazoles as glycogen phosphorylase inhibitors: An in vivo antihyperglycemic activity study.
Fecundity compensation is dependent on the generalized stress response in a nematode host.
Transcriptome profiling of maternal stress-induced wing dimorphism in pea aphids.
The evolution of climate tolerance in conifer-feeding aphids in relation to their host \' s climatic niche.
Evolutionary origin and functioning of pregenital abdominal outgrowths in a viviparous insect, Arixenia esau.
First detection of the kdr mutation (L1014F) in the plague vector Xenopsylla cheopis (Siphonaptera: Pulicidae).
Farmers \'  pesticide usage practices in the malaria endemic region of North-Western Tanzania: implications to the control of malaria vectors.
The effect of alignment uncertainty, substitution models and priors in building and dating the mammal tree of life.
Sex- and tissue-specific transcriptome analyses and expression profiling of olfactory-related genes in Ceracris nigricornis Walker (Orthoptera: Acrididae).
Comparative study of zinc oxide nanoparticles and its bulk form on liver function of Wistar rat.
Curcumin Ameliorates Lead-Induced Hepatotoxicity by Suppressing Oxidative Stress and Inflammation, and Modulating Akt/GSK-3beta Signaling Pathway.
Mapping of c-Fos expression in male tree shrew forebrain.
Foraging strategies are maintained despite workforce reduction: A multidisciplinary survey on the pollen collected by a social pollinator.
Models of Vestibular Semi-Circular Canal Afferent Neuron Firing Activity.
Quantifying the effects of species traits on predation risk in nature: a comparative study of butterfly wing damage.
Metabolic costs of altered growth trajectories across life transitions in amphibians.
Novel information on the morphology, phylogeny and distribution of camallanid nematodes from marine and freshwater hosts in South Africa, including the description of Camallanus sodwanaensis n. sp.
Environmental conditions do not predict diversification rates in the Bantu languages.
Effects of silymarin and mesenchymal stem cells on hematological and some biochemical changes induced by gamma radiation in albino rats.
Genetic diversity of Paramecium species on the basis of multiple loci describes the analysis and ITS secondary structure models.
Long-term movements and home range changes: rapid territory shifts in meerkats.
Structural trade-offs can predict rewiring in shrinking social networks.
Target and Nontarget Toxicity of Cassia fistula Fruit Extract Against Culex pipiens (Diptera: Culicidae), Lung Cells (BEAS-2B) and Zebrafish (Danio rerio) Embryos.
Evaluation of chemopreventive and chemotherapeutic effect of Artemisia vulgaris extract against diethylnitrosamine induced hepatocellular carcinogenesis in Balb C mice.
Aberrant upregulation of compensatory redox molecular machines may contribute to sperm dysfunction in infertile men with unilateral varicocele: A proteomic insight.
Symposium Report: International Symposium on Ciliate Biology, India Habitat Centre, New Delhi, India, 04-06 April 2018.
Nesfatin-1 ameliorates type-2 diabetes-associated reproductive dysfunction in male mice.
Feedforward discharges couple the singing central pattern generator and ventilation central pattern generator in the cricket abdominal central nervous system.
Assessment of air purifier on efficient removal of airborne bacteria, Staphylococcus epidermidis, using single-chamber method.
Unique characteristics of CpG island methylator phenotype (CIMP) in a Chinese population with colorectal cancer.
Identification of two mitochondrial-targeting cyclometalated iridium(III) complexes as potent anti-glioma stem cells agents.
Endocytic degradation of ErbB2 mediates the effectiveness of neratinib in the suppression of ErbB2-positive ovarian cancer.
The multilevel society of a small-brained bird.
Bedbugs.
The role of selection and evolution in changing parturition date in a red deer population.
A high-quality assembly of the nine-spined stickleback (Pungitius pungitius) genome.
Chlorella vulgaris supplementation effects on performances, oxidative stress and antioxidant genes expression in liver and ovaries of New Zealand White rabbits.
Ecologically relevant arsenic exposure alters female mate preference and anxiety-like behavior in Betta splendens.
Effect of Larval Nutritional Regimes on Morphometry and Vectorial Capacity of Aedes aegypti for Dengue Transmission.
Era of Genomic Medicine: A Narrative Review on CRISPR Technology as a Potential Therapeutic Tool for Human Diseases.
Insecticidal activities of Citrus aurantifolia essential oil against Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
Appendicular anatomy of the artiopod Emeraldella brutoni from the middle Cambrian (Drumian) of western Utah.
Effects of experimental lead exposure on physiological indices of nestling great tits Parus major: haematocrit and heterophile-to-lymphocyte ratio.
Preservation of fecal glucocorticoid metabolites and immunoglobulin A through silica gel drying for field studies in horses.
Fasting in the ureotelic Lake Magadi tilapia, Alcolapia grahami, does not reduce its high metabolic demand, increasing its vulnerability to siltation events.
Lepidopteran biodiversity of Ethiopia: current knowledge and future perspectives.
Review of Podothrips from China (Thysanoptera, Phlaeothripidae), with one new species and three new records.
Two new species of the primitively segmented spider genus Liphistius Schiodte, 1849 (Mesothelae, Liphistiidae) from Myanmar.
Placobdelloides sirikanchanae sp. nov., a new species of glossiphoniid leech and a parasite of turtles from lower southern Thailand (Hirudinea, Rhynchobdellida).
Tackling the Limitations of Copolymeric Small Interfering RNA Delivery Agents by a Combined Experimental-Computational Approach.
Protective effects of hesperidin and diosmin against acrylamide-induced liver, kidney, and brain oxidative damage in rats.
Can Local Enhancement in Earthworms Affect the Outcome of the Standard Earthworm Avoidance Test?
Net positive outcomes for nature.
Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of 2-amino-N-(2-methoxyphenyl)-6-((4-nitrophenyl)sulfonyl)benzamide derivatives as potent HIV-1 Vif inhibitors.
Development of S-Fluxametamide for Bioactivity Improvement and Risk Reduction: Systemic Evaluation of the Novel Insecticide Fluxametamide at the Enantiomeric Level.
Use of Deep Eutectic Solvents in Polymer Chemistry-A Review.
Allelic Variants for Candidate Nitrogen Fixation Genes Revealed by Sequencing in Red Clover (Trifolium pratense L.).
Apoptotic Induction and Anti-Migratory Effects of Rhazya Stricta Fruit Extracts on a Human Breast Cancer Cell Line.
Natural Products and Synthetic Analogs as a Source of Antitumor Drugs.
Impact of Plant Growth Promoting Rhizobacteria in the Orchestration of Lycopersicon esculentum Mill. Resistance to Plant Parasitic Nematodes: A Metabolomic Approach to Evaluate Defense Responses Under Field Conditions.
Diversity of Blastocystis subtypes in wild mammals from a zoo and two conservation units in southeastern Brazil.
Chromosomal-level reference genome of Chinese peacock butterfly (Papilio bianor) based on third-generation DNA sequencing and Hi-C analysis.
Range of motion in the avian wing is strongly associated with flight behavior and body mass.
Spatial Cell Disparity in the Colonial Choanoflagellate Salpingoeca rosetta.
Global marine biodiversity in the context of achieving the Aichi Targets: ways forward and addressing data gaps.
A Viral-Vectored Multi-Stage Malaria Vaccine Regimen With Protective and Transmission-Blocking Efficacies.
Male Alternative Reproductive Tactics and Associated Evolution of Anatomical Characteristics in Loliginid Squid.
Anatomy and Physiology of Neurons in Layer 9 of the Chicken Optic Tectum.
The Role of Neuronal Factors in the Epigenetic Reprogramming of Microglia in the Normal and Diseased Central Nervous System.
The Orphan Cytokine Receptor CRLF3 Emerged With the Origin of the Nervous System and Is a Neuroprotective Erythropoietin Receptor in Locusts.
A Method for Quantifying Foliage-Dwelling Arthropods.
Combining environmental DNA and species distribution modeling to evaluate reintroduction success of a freshwater fish.
Methadone hydrochloride and leukemia cells: Effects on cell viability, DNA fragmentation and apoptotic proteins expression level.
Neurada procumbens promotes functions regain in a mouse model of mechanically induced sciatic nerve injury.
Design, synthesis, cytotoxicity screening and molecular docking of new 3-cyanopyridines as survivin inhibitors and apoptosis inducers.
Endoparasite infection hotspots in Estonian urban areas.
Parasites shape community structure and dynamics in freshwater crustaceans.
Unshifting the baseline: a framework for documenting historical population changes and assessing long-term anthropogenic impacts.
Using historical and palaeoecological data to inform ambitious species recovery targets.
Consequences of past climate change and recent human persecution on mitogenomic diversity in the arctic fox.
How the past impacts the future: modelling the performance of evolutionarily distinct mammals through time.
The Burramys Project: a conservationist \' s reach should exceed history \' s grasp, or what is the fossil record for?
Addressing priority questions of conservation science with palaeontological data.
Bias, incompleteness and the  \' known unknowns \'  in the Holocene faunal record.
Complementarity, completeness and quality of long-term faunal archives in an Asian biodiversity hotspot.
Insights from the past: unique opportunity or foreign country?
Nanoparticles in Pancreatic Cancer Imaging and Therapy.
Chemical profile, characterization and acaricidal activity of essential oils of three plant species and their nanoemulsions against Tyrophagus putrescentiae, a stored-food mite.
The Bogert Effect and environmental heterogeneity.
G-quadruplex Structures Contribute to Differential Radiosensitivity of the Human Genome.
Heart mitochondria from naked mole-rats (Heterocephalus glaber) are more coupled, but similarly susceptible to anoxia-reoxygenation stress than in laboratory mice (Mus musculus).
Suppression of macrophages- Induced inflammation via targeting RAS and PAR-4 signaling in breast cancer cell lines.
Synthesis, Drying Process and Medical Application of Polysaccharide-Based Aerogels.
Making sense of environmental sequencing data: ecologically important functional traits of the protistan groups Cercozoa and Endomyxa (Rhizaria).
Artificial selection for increased dispersal results in lower fitness.
Gyrodactylus ginestrae n. sp. (Monogenea: Gyrodactylidae), a parasite of the big-scale sand smelt, Atherina boyeri Risso, 1810 (Actinopterygii: Atherinidae) from the Black Sea.
The effect of local species composition on the distribution of an avian invader.
Therapeutic potential of functionalized siRNA nanoparticles on regression of liver cancer in experimental mice.
The lipoxygenase pathway of Tupaia belangeri representing Scandentia. Genomic multiplicity and functional characterization of the ALOX15 orthologs in the tree shrew.
New insights from RADseq data on differentiation in the Hottentot golden mole species complex from South Africa.
Transcriptome analysis reveals a high aerobic capacity in the whale brain.
Protective role of adiponectin against testicular impairment in high-fat diet/streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic mice.
Mitochondrial dysfunction, autophagy stimulation and non-apoptotic cell death caused by nitric oxide-inducing Pt-coated Au nanoparticle in human lung carcinoma cells.
Data Integration for Large-Scale Models of Species Distributions.
Variation in hybridogenetic hybrid emergence between populations of water frogs from the Pelophylax esculentus complex.
An examination of climate-driven flowering-time shifts at large spatial scales over 153 years in a common weedy annual.
Optimal searching behaviour generated intrinsically by the central pattern generator for locomotion.
Paracoccus liaowanqingii sp. nov., isolated from Tibetan antelope (Pantholops hodgsonii).
Hydrocarbon and Fatty Acid Composition from Blowfly Eggs Represents a Potential Complementary Taxonomic Tool of Forensic Importance.
Loxodonta Localizer: A Software Tool for Inferring the Provenance of African Elephants and Their Ivory Using Mitochondrial DNA.
Camel milk exosomes modulate cyclophosphamide-induced oxidative stress and immuno-toxicity in rats.
Long-term monitoring of Serengeti bird species occurrence, abundance, and habitat.
Bioactivity and modulatory functions of Napoleona vogelii on oxidative stress-induced micronuclei and apoptotic biomarkers in mice.
Geographic variation of reproductive traits and competition for pollinators in a bird-pollinated plant.
From taxonomic deflation to newly detected cryptic species: Hidden diversity in a widespread African squeaker catfish.
Soil net nitrogen mineralisation across global grasslands.
In vitro culture of cynomolgus monkey embryos beyond early gastrulation.
Genomic architecture and introgression shape a butterfly radiation.
Intra-oropharyngeal food transport and swallowing in white-spotted bamboo sharks.
Quantifying the acid-base status of dragonflies across their transition from breathing water to breathing air.
Toward a Global Genomic Epidemiology of Meningococcal Disease.
Corrigendum to "Insights into the heavy metal-induced immunotoxic and genotoxic alterations as health indicators of Clarias gariepinus inhabiting a rivulet" [Ecotoxicol. Environ. Saf. 183 (2019)].
Sperm miR-15a and miR-29b are associated with bull fertility.
On the Observation of Wild Zebrafish (Danio rerio) in India.
Phylogenetic Position of Codonocephalus Diesing, 1850 (Digenea, Diplostomoidea), an Unusual Diplostomid with Progenetic Metacercariae.
Marine natural products from zoantharians: bioactivity, biosynthesis, systematics, and ecological roles.
CO2 treatment improves the hypocholesterolemic and antioxidant properties of fenugreek seeds.
Geraniol targets KV1.3 ion channel and exhibits anti-inflammatory activity in vitro and in vivo.
Biochemical and molecular changes mediated by plasticizer diethyl phthalate in Chironomus circumdatus (bloodworms).
Altered N-glycan profile of IgG-depleted serum proteins in Hashimoto \' s thyroiditis.
Reproductive status-dependent dynorphin and neurokinin B gene expression in female Damaraland mole-rats.
Delimitation of cryptic species drastically reduces the geographical ranges of marine interstitial ghost-worms (Stygocapitella; Annelida, Sedentaria).
Complement system and phagocytosis in a colonial protochordate.
Tyrosine hydroxylase-immunoreactive neurons in the brain of tadpole of the narrow mouthed frog Microhyla ornata.
Evolutionary Response to Climate Change in Migratory Pied Flycatchers.
Corrigendum to "Hsp90/Cdc37 assembly modulates TGFbeta receptor-II to act as a profibrotic regulator of TGFbeta signaling during cardiac hypertrophy" [Cell. Signal. 27 (12) (2015) 2410-2424].
Does the exposure of parental female adults of the invasive Trogoderma granarium Everts to pirimiphos-methyl on concrete affect the morphology of their adult progeny? A geometric morphometric approach.
Cytotoxic effects of persistent organic pollutants on the freshwater snail (Lanistes carinatus) in Kafr El-Zayat, Egypt.
Population fluctuations and spatial synchrony in an arboreal rodent.
Selective Inactivation of Reelin in Inhibitory Interneurons Leads to Subtle Changes in the Dentate Gyrus But Leaves Cortical Layering and Behavior Unaffected.
Study of the toxic effect and safety of vitamin E supplement in male albino rats after 30 days of repeated treatment.
Protective effects of hydro-alcoholic extract of foeniculum vulgare and linum usitatissimum on ovarian follicle reserve in the first-generation mouse pups.
Oribatid mites show that soil food web complexity and close aboveground-belowground linkages emerged in the early Paleozoic.
The use of classification and regression algorithms using the random forests method with presence-only data to model species \'  distribution.
Parasite burden in a short-lived chameleon, Furcifer labordi.
The innervation of the male copulatory organ of spiders (Araneae) - a comparative analysis.
Arthropod decline in grasslands and forests is associated with landscape-level drivers.
Satb2 is required for the regionalization of retrosplenial cortex.
Reconstruction of dispersal pattern of hypervirulent meningococcal strains of serogroup C:cc11 by phylogenomic time tree.
Diabetes Mellitus Severity and a Switch From Using Lipoprotein Lipase to Adipose-Derived Fatty Acid Results in a Cardiac Metabolic Signature That Embraces Cell Death.
Quercetin and naringenin abate diethylnitrosamine/acetylaminofluorene-induced hepatocarcinogenesis in Wistar rats: the roles of oxidative stress, inflammation and cell apoptosis.
UKMenCar4: A cross-sectional survey of asymptomatic meningococcal carriage amongst UK adolescents at a period of low invasive meningococcal disease incidence.
Accuracy of de novo assembly of DNA sequences from double-digest libraries varies substantially among software.
Evolutionary analyses of base-pairing interactions in DNA and RNA secondary structures.
Homozygous missense variant in the TTN gene causing autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 10.
Waste paper derived three-dimensional carbon aerogel integrated with ceria/nitrogen-doped reduced graphene oxide as freestanding anode for high performance and durable microbial fuel cells.
Enigmatic Phytomyxid Parasite of the Alien Seagrass Halophila stipulacea: New Insights into Its Ecology, Phylogeny, and Distribution in the Mediterranean Sea.
India \' s tigers seem to be a massive success story - many scientists aren \' t sure.
Broad North Atlantic distribution of a meiobenthic annelid - against all odds.
The first amber caridean shrimp from Mexico reveals the ancient adaptation of the Palaemon to the mangrove estuary environment.
Foxg specifies sensory neurons in the anterior neural plate border of the ascidian embryo.
Natural selection in mimicry.
Chain formation can enhance the vertical migration of phytoplankton through turbulence.
First Report on Mermithid Parasitism (Enoplea: Mermithidae) in a Southeast Asian Spider (Araneae: Araneidae).
Prevalence and Intensity of Cornudiscoides Agarwali (Monogenoidea) on the Gills of Day \' s Mystus (Mystus Bleekeri) in Relation to Some Ecological and Biological Factors from Arunachal Pradesh, India.
Heliconema Monopteri n. Sp. (Nematoda: Physalopteridae) from Monopterus Cuchia (Hamilton) (Osteichthyes: Synbranchidae) in India, with Notes on the Taxonomy of Heliconema Spp.
Two New Species of the Genus Coomansinema Ahmad and Jairajpuri, 1989 (Nematoda: Dorylaimida) with a Key to its Species.
New Host and Locality Record of Parapharyngodon Japonicus (Nematoda: Oxyuroidea) from the Egyptian Changeable Lizard Agama Mutabilis (Agamidae): A Light and Scanning Electron Microscopy.
Dactylogyrids (Platyhelminthes: Monogenea) from Sudanese Labeo Spp., with a Description of Dogielius Sennarensis n. Sp. and a Redescription of Dogielius Flosculus Guegan, Lambert &amp; Euzet, 1989.
Description of Callistethus hamus sp. nov. (Coleoptera, Scarabaeidae, Rutelinae) from continental Southeast Asia using synchrotron to illustrate the aedeagus.
A systematic review of source attribution of human campylobacteriosis using multilocus sequence typing.
Multiple costs are relevant for evolution of host anti-parasite defences. Reply to Yang C et al. (2018).
The genetics of morphological and behavioural island traits in deer mice.
Local- versus broad-scale environmental drivers of continental beta-diversity patterns in subterranean spider communities across Europe.
Primate hippocampus size and organization are predicted by sociality but not diet.
Venom Diversity and Evolution in the Most Divergent Cone Snail Genus Profundiconus.
Synergistic action of the transcription factors Kruppel homolog 1 and Hairy in juvenile hormone/Methoprene-tolerant-mediated gene-repression in the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Ocean warming and tropical invaders erode the performance of a key herbivore.
Three Novel Mutations I65S, R66S, and G86R Divulge Significant Conformational Variations in the PTB Domain of the IRS1 Gene.
Antitumor activity of Cuphea ignea extract against benzo(a)pyrene-induced lung tumorigenesis in Swiss Albino mice.
The role of ambient temperature and body mass on body temperature, standard metabolic rate and evaporative water loss in southern African anurans of different habitat specialisation.
Consuming alternative prey does not influence the DNA detectability half-life of pest prey in spider gut contents.
Antibacterial immune functions of subadults and adults in a semelparous spider.
Spatial ecology of male hippopotamus in a changing watershed.
Artificial spinning of natural silk threads.
A global-level assessment of the effectiveness of protected areas at resisting anthropogenic pressures.
Linking global drivers of agricultural trade to on-the-ground impacts on biodiversity.
Testicular protective effects of ellagic acid on monosodium glutamate-induced testicular structural alterations in male rats.
An Antiviral Peptide from Alopecosa nagpag Spider Targets NS2B-NS3 Protease of Flaviviruses.
Naturally Drug-Loaded Chitin: Isolation and Applications.
Combined sterile insect technique and incompatible insect technique: The first proof-of-concept to suppress Aedes aegypti vector populations in semi-rural settings in Thailand.
Thermal regulatory mechanisms of termites from two different savannah ecosystems.
When are populations not connected like a circuit? Identifying biases in gene flow from coalescent times.
The Pacific Biosciences de novo assembled genome dataset from a parthenogenetic New Zealand wild population of the longhorned tick, Haemaphysalis longicornis Neumann, 1901.
Fish-Pak: Fish species dataset from Pakistan for visual features based classification.
A novel form of wasp mimicry in a new species of praying mantis from the Amazon rainforest, Vespamantoida wherleyi gen. nov. sp. nov. (Mantodea, Mantoididae).
Manx shearwater (Puffinus puffinus) rafting behaviour revealed by GPS tracking and behavioural observations.
Arg753Gln Polymorphisms in the Toll-Like Receptor 2 Gene are Associated with Cytomegalovirus Infection in Egyptian Bone Marrow Recipients.
New Entrants into Clinical Trials for Targeted Therapy of Breast Cancer: An Insight.
Series of forms, visual techniques, and quantitative devices: ordering the world between the end of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Morphological and phylogenetic diversity of Waminoa and similar flatworms (Acoelomorpha) in the western Pacific Ocean.
De novo biosynthesis of fatty acids from alpha-D-glucose in parasitoid wasps of the Nasonia group.
Complex and interactive effects of ocean acidification and warming on the life span of a marine trematode parasite.
Seroprevalence of Rift Valley fever in South African domestic and wild suids (1999-2016).
Tumor Suppression of Ras GTPase-Activating Protein RASA5 through Antagonizing Ras Signaling Perturbation in Carcinomas.
Potential functional pathways of plant RNA virus-derived small RNAs in a vector insect.
Substrate stiffness affects the morphology and gene expression of epidermal neural crest stem cells in a short term culture.
Age-related differences in physiology and survival of northern red-backed voles (Myodes rutilus) in captivity.
Curcumin and Selenium Prevent Lipopolysaccharide/Diclofenac-Induced Liver Injury by Suppressing Inflammation and Oxidative Stress.
A scoping review into the impact of animal imagery on pro-environmental outcomes.
Scaling the interactive effects of attractive and repellent odours for insect search behaviour.
Morphometrics of eight Chinese cavefish species.
YTHDF1 links hypoxia adaptation and non-small cell lung cancer progression.
Sorafenib- Taurine Combination Model for Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cells: Immunological Aspects.
In-Vitro Subtype-Specific Modulation of HIV-1 Trans-Activator of Transcription (Tat) on RNAi Silencing Suppressor Activity and Cell Death.
Acute Febrile Illness Caused by Brucella abortus Infection in Humans in Pakistan.
Termite-Induced Injuries to Maize and Baby Corn under Organic and Conventional Farming Systems in the Central Highlands of Kenya.
Viviparity does not affect the numbers and sizes of reptile offspring.
Integrating the underlying structure of stochasticity into community ecology.
Shift in trophic niches of soil microarthropods with conversion of tropical rainforest into plantations as indicated by stable isotopes (15N, 13C).
Accelerated evolution and diversifying selection drove the adaptation of cetacean bone microstructure.
Why Not Use the Immunoglobulin G N-Glycans as Predictor Variables in Disease Biomarker-Phenotype Association Studies? A Multivariate Analysis.
Evaluating toxicity risk in sediments after remediation at a Superfund megasite using a Triad approach.
The role of ultraviolet reflectance and pattern in the pollination system of Hypoxis camerooniana (Hypoxidaceae).
Essential Role of Histone Replacement and Modifications in Male Fertility.
Neuroprotective Potential of Pituitary Adenylate Cyclase Activating Polypeptide in Retinal Degenerations of Metabolic Origin.
A new synonym for Zelia Robineau-Desvoidy, 1830 (Diptera, Tachinidae), the genus Opsozelia Townsend, 1919, with the description of three new species.
Climate-induced phenology shifts linked to range expansions in species with multiple reproductive cycles per year.
Global distribution of earthworm diversity.
Trophy hunting: Bans create opening for change.
Trophy hunting: Broaden the debate.
Trophy hunting: Role of consequentialism.
Domperidone treatment attenuates stress-induced suppression of reproduction in viviparous mosquitofish Gambusia affinis.
Coming and going - Historical distributions of the European oyster Ostrea edulis Linnaeus, 1758 and the introduced slipper limpet Crepidula fornicata Linnaeus, 1758 in the North Sea.
Normal and cancer cells response on the thin films based on chitosan and tannic acid.
Nitrogen-fixing bacteria and Oxalis - evidence for a vertically inherited bacterial symbiosis.
Variation of nematode indices under contrasting pest management practices in a tomato growing agro-ecosystem.
Evolution of the new head by gradual acquisition of neural crest regulatory circuits.
Morphology of the earliest reconstructable tetrapod Parmastega aelidae.
Acetic acid: a cost-effective agent for mitigation of seawater-induced salt toxicity in mung bean.
Serological evidence of MERS-CoV and HKU8-related CoV co-infection in Kenyan camels.
Positional Behaviours of Francois \'  Langur (Trachypithecus francoisi) in the Limestone Forest of Nonggang, Guangxi, South-West China.
Glutamate dehydrogenase is essential in the acclimation of Virgilia divaricata, a legume indigenous to the nutrient-poor Mediterranean-type ecosystems of the Cape Fynbos.
Effects of climate and geography on spatial patterns of genetic structure in tropical skinks.
Wolbachia Infection in Two Species: Novel Views on the Colonization Ability of Wolbachia in Aphids.
Assessment and incidence of fish associated bacterial pathogens at hatcheries of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Effect of replacing fish meal by full fat soybean meal on growth performance, feed utilization and gastrointestinal enzymes in diets for African catfish Clarias gariepinus.
Morphology and ectoparasite spectrum of Pteropus vampyrus (the flying fox) in different parts of Malakand Division, Pakistan.
Gastrointestinal helminths in dog feces surrounding suburban areas of Lower Dir district, Pakistan: A public health threat.
Quantitative assessment of plant-arthropod interactions in forest canopies: A plot-based approach.
The NIH public access policy did not harm biomedical journals.
Systematic analysis of concentrations of 52 elements in tumor and counterpart normal tissues of patients with non-small cell lung cancer.
Multiple dose treatment reduces cyclophosphamide-induced ovarian follicular loss in mice.
Genomic basis of convergent island phenotypes in boa constrictors.
Early stages of Margaritifera margaritifera glochidiosis in Atlantic salmon: Morphopathological characterization.
DJ-1 is dispensable for human stem cell homeostasis.
Nematicidal potential of Streptomyces antibioticus strain M7 against Meloidogyne incognita.
Exploring a Pool-seq-only approach for gaining population genomic insights in nonmodel species.
Effect of coupled reduced irrigation and nitrogen fertilizer on soil mite community composition in a wheat field.
Selection on multiple sexual signals in two Central and Eastern European populations of the barn swallow.
Effect of the pH in the enrichment of X or Y sex chromosome-bearing sperm in bovine.
Response Latency Tuning by Retinal Circuits Modulates Signal Efficiency.
Congruence of morphological and molecular phylogenies of the rove beetle subfamily Staphylininae (Coleoptera: Staphylinidae).
Degradation of Ccnb3 is essential for maintenance of MII arrest in oocyte.
High frequency audible calls in northern birch mice Sicista betulina in response to handling: effects of individuality, sex and body mass on the acoustics.
An in vitro confirmation of the ethonopharmacological use of Senna plants as anthelmintic against rumen fluke Paramphistomum gracile.
Shear-sensitive adhesion enables size-independent adhesive performance in stick insects.
Proteomics for understanding pathogenesis, immune modulation and host pathogen interactions in aquaculture.
Photosynthetic metabolism during phosphate limitation in a legume from the Mediterranean-type Fynbos ecosystem.
Type 1 diabetes affects zona pellucida and genome methylation in oocytes and granulosa cells.
The Ecology and Evolution of Pangenomes.
Phylogenetic characterization of the energy taxis receptor Aer in Pseudomonas and phenotypic characterization in Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes KF707.
Outbreaks of Shiga Toxin-Producing Escherichia coli Linked to Sprouted Seeds, Salad, and Leafy Greens: A Systematic Review.
Covariation between forelimb muscle anatomy and bone shape in an Australian scratch-digging marsupial: Comparison of morphometric methods.
Darker ants dominate the canopy: Testing macroecological hypotheses for patterns in colour along a microclimatic gradient.
The role of E3 ubiquitin ligase HECTD3 in cancer and beyond.
Differences in tail feather growth rate in storm-petrels breeding in the Northern and Southern hemisphere: a ptilochronological approach.
Phylogeny and biogeography of the African Bathyergidae: a review of patterns and processes.
Modular nature of simian foamy virus genomes and their evolutionary history.
A novel porcine model reproduces human oculocutaneous albinism type II.
PKAc-directed interaction and phosphorylation of Ptc is required for Hh signaling inhibition in Drosophila.
Argonaute proteins from human gastrointestinal bacteria catalyze DNA-guided cleavage of single- and double-stranded DNA at 37  C.
Genetics of adaptation: Experimental test of a biotic mechanism driving divergence in traits and genes.
Honest signaling and the double counting of inclusive fitness.
Drivers of the relative richness of naturalized and invasive plant species on Earth.
Species conservation profiles of spiders (Araneae) endemic to mainland Portugal.
Continental data on cave-dwelling spider communities across Europe (Arachnida: Araneae).
New species of Xiphoscelis Burmeister, 1842 (Coleoptera, Scarabaeidae, Cetoniinae) from arid regions of South Africa and Namibia.
Repertoire-wide phylogenetic models of B cell molecular evolution reveal evolutionary signatures of aging and vaccination.
Phylogenomics reveals the evolutionary timing and pattern of butterflies and moths.
Extraocular, rod-like photoreceptors in a flatworm express xenopsin photopigment.
Ozone Effectiveness on Wheat Weevil Suppression: Preliminary Research.
Multiple-stressor effects of dicyandiamide (DCD) and agricultural stressors on trait-based responses of stream benthic algal communities.
Sound production in the coconut crab, the largest terrestrial crustacean.
Coevolution between male and female genitalia in Belostoma angustum Lauck, 1964 (Insecta, Heteroptera, Belostomatidae): disentangling size and shape.
Validating interfacial behaviour of surface-active ionic liquids (SAILs) with computational study integrated with biocidal and cytotoxic assessment.
Effect of temperature, age and the pons on respiratory rhythm in the rat brainstem-spinal cord.
Acoustic Shadowing Facilitates Ultrasound-guided Radial Artery Cannulation in Young Children.
Phylogenomic Resolution of the Cetacean Tree of Life Using Target Sequence Capture.
The potential role of interleukin-37 in infectious diseases.
The Solution Structure and Dynamics of Cd-Metallothionein from Helix pomatia Reveal Optimization for Binding Cd over Zn.
RGS2 drives male aggression in mice via the serotonergic system.
Synchronization of stochastic expressions drives the clustering of functionally related genes.
Two Preputial Gland-Secreted Pheromones Evoke Sexually Dimorphic Neural Pathways in the Mouse Vomeronasal System.
Phylogenetic relationships and subgeneric classification of European Ephedrus species (Hymenoptera, Braconidae, Aphidiinae).
Simultaneous Intramuscular And Intranasal Administration Of Chitosan Nanoparticles-Adjuvanted Chlamydia Vaccine Elicits Elevated Protective Responses In The Lung.
Sexual Dimorphism in Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics.
A new species of the genus Xenophrys Anura Megophryidae from northern Thailand.
Direct sunlight exposure reduces hair cortisol levels in rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta).
From our roots, we grow.
A new species of the genus Raorchestes (Anura: Rhacophoridae) from Yunnan Province, China.
Convergent metatarsal fusion in jerboas and chickens is mediated by similarities and differences in the patterns of osteoblast and osteoclast activities.
Interspecific synchrony of seed rain shapes rodent-mediated indirect seed-seed interactions of sympatric tree species in a subtropical forest.
An empirical estimate of the generation time of mouse lemurs.
Altitude and life-history shape the evolution of Heliconius wings.
Diversity of Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato species in Ixodes ticks (Acari: Ixodidae) associated with cave-dwelling bats from Poland and Romania.
Rhabdias glaurungi sp. nov. (Nematoda: Rhabdiasidae), parasite of Scinax gr. ruber (Laurenti, 1768) (Anura: Hylidae), from the Brazilian Amazon.
Evolutionary and Cardio-Respiratory Physiology of Air-breathing and Amphibious Fishes.
Azolla pinnata, Aspergillus terreus, and Eisenia fetida for fasterrecycling of nutrients from wheat straw.
Behavioural and biochemical alterations by chlorpyrifos in aquatic insects: an emerging environmental concern for pristine Alpine habitats.
Serial reversal learning in freshwater stingrays (Potamotrygon motoro).
HPLC-ESI- MS/MS analysis of beet (Beta vulgaris) leaves and its beneficial properties in type 1 diabetic rats.
Biochemical responses revealed in an amphibian species after exposure to a forgotten contaminant: An integrated biomarker assessment.
The first complete mitochondrial genome of the sand dollar Sinaechinocyamus mai (Echinoidea: Clypeasteroida).
Study the immunomodulation of anthracenedione in striped dwarf catfish, Mystus vittatus against pathogenic bacteria, Aeromonas hydrophila.
The potential therapeutic effect of NG-hydroxy-nor-L-arginine in 7,12-dimethylbenz(a)anthracene-induced breast cancer in rats.
Chemokine CXCb1 stimulates formation of NETs in trunk kidney neutrophils of common carp.
Acaciain peptidase: the first South American pollen peptidase potentially involved in respiratory allergy.
Effectiveness of Echinochrome on HFD-Induced Hyperlipidemia in Rats.
Age-related glomerular lesions with albuminuria in male cotton rats.
Management of mountainous meadows associated with biodiversity attributes, perceived health benefits and cultural ecosystem services.
Species and tissue specific differences in ROS metabolism to hypoxia- and hyperoxia-recovery exposure in marine sculpins.
Botryosphaeriaceae associated with Acacia heterophylla (La Reunion) and Acacia koa (Hawaii).
Integrated Bioinformatic Analyses and Immune Characterization of New Neisseria gonorrhoeae Vaccine Antigens Expressed during Natural Mucosal Infection.
Given the Cold Shoulder: A Review of the Scientific Literature for Evidence of Reptile Sentience.
A Subset of Odorant Receptors from the Desert Locust Schistocerca gregaria Is Co-Expressed with the Sensory Neuron Membrane Protein 1.
Postnatal changes in O2 and CO2 sensitivity in rodents.
Comparison of Different Uncoated and Starch-Coated Superparamagnetic Iron Oxide Nanoparticles: Implications for Stem Cell Tracking.
Assessing introgressive hybridization in roan antelope (Hippotragus equinus): Lessons from South Africa.
Association of Phlebotomus guggisbergi with Leishmania major and Leishmania tropica in a complex transmission setting for cutaneous leishmaniasis in Gilgil, Nakuru county, Kenya.
An ancestral apical brain region contributes to the central complex under the control of foxQ2 in the beetle Tribolium.
Satisfaction grade assessment of patients treated with zygomatic implants with self-tapping apex and machined body.
Apoptosis signal-regulating kinase controls porcine ovarian granulosa cell functions and their response to ghrelin.
c-Myc controls the fate of neural progenitor cells during cerebral cortex development.
The therapeutic and protective effects of bee pollen against prenatal methylmercury induced neurotoxicity in rat pups.
Sex differences in the genetic architecture of aggressiveness in a sexually dimorphic spider.
Mate fidelity in a polygamous shorebird, the snowy plover (Charadrius nivosus).
Carryover effects of larval environment on individual variation in a facultatively diadromous fish.
Site-specific distribution of oak rhizosphere-associated oomycetes revealed by cytochrome c oxidase subunit II metabarcoding.
Signal and reward in wild fleshy fruits: Does fruit scent predict nutrient content?
Epibenthic predators control mobile macrofauna associated with a foundation species in a subarctic subtidal community.
Population ecology and the management of whale watching operations on a data-deficient dolphin population.
Competition and specialization in an African forest carnivore community.
Historical museum collections clarify the evolutionary history of cryptic species radiation in the world \' s largest amphibians.
Long-term large-scale decline in relative abundances of butterfly and burnet moth species across south-western Germany.
Genotoxic effects of tobacco use in residents of hilly areas and foot hills of Western Ghats, Southern India.
The geography of biodiversity change in marine and terrestrial assemblages.
Comment on "The global tree restoration potential".
USP3 promotes breast cancer cell proliferation by deubiquitinating KLF5.
Improved inference of time-varying reproduction numbers during infectious disease outbreaks.
Predictive modelling in paleoenvironmental reconstruction: The micromammals of Manot Cave, Israel.
Effects of insect diets on the gastrointestinal tract health and growth performance of Siberian sturgeon (Acipenser baerii Brandt, 1869).
Repertoire-wide gene structure analyses: a case study comparing automatically predicted and manually annotated gene models.
Global Actions for Managing Cactus Invasions.
Effect of Antioxidant Supplementation on the Sperm Proteome of Idiopathic Infertile Men.
Comparison between Intramuscular Multichannel Electrodes and Supramysial Multichannel Electrodes via EMG Measurements for Potential Use as Larynx Stimulation Electrodes: In Vivo Animal Analysis.
Strategies of locomotion composition.
Scratching the surface of subterranean biodiversity: molecular analysis reveals a diverse and previously unknown fauna of Parabathynellidae (Crustacea: Bathynellacea) from the Pilbara, Western Australia.
Iron deficiency anaemia in school age children of District Tank Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, Pakistan.
In-silico and Molecular Analysis of Reticulon 4asNovel therapeutic option for axonal regeneration.
Matrix metalloprotease-9 polymorphism and its association with Atherosclerosis - A case-control study in Pakistani population.
Successful Integration of Data Science in Undergraduate Biostatistics Courses Using Cognitive Load Theory.
Assessing Ecological Function in the Context of Species Recovery.
A nearly-complete genome of Ciona intestinalis type A (C. robusta) reveals the contribution of inversion to chromosomal evolution in the genus Ciona.
Tracing the origin of the placental trophoblast cells in mouse embryo development.
Awareness and Use of Biodiversity Collections by Fish Biologists.
Conservation value of Codium tenue habitat for the Endangered Knysna seahorse Hippocampus capensis.
Mechanism of Acrosome Biogenesis in Mammals.
An integrative approach to discern the seed dispersal role of frugivorous guilds in a Mediterranean semiarid priority habitat.
Discovery and validation of candidate smoltification gene expression biomarkers across multiple species and ecotypes of Pacific salmonids.
Maximum cardiac performance of Antarctic fishes that lack haemoglobin and myoglobin: exploring the effect of warming on nature \' s natural knockouts.
Bi-Functional Chicken Immunoglobulin-Like Receptors With a Single Extracellular Domain (ChIR-AB1): Potential Framework Genes Among a Relatively Stable Number of Genes Per Haplotype.
Mapping 123 million neonatal, infant and child deaths between 2000 and 2017.
Super-resolution imaging of fluorescent dipoles via polarized structured illumination microscopy.
Widespread co-endemicity of Trypanosoma species infecting cattle in the Sudano-Sahelian and Guinea Savannah zones of Cameroon.
Descending octopaminergic neurons modulate sensory evoked activity of thoracic motor neurons in stick insects.
In-Vitro Antioxidant, Hypoglycemic Activity, and Identification of Bioactive Compounds in Phenol-Rich Extract from the Marine Red Algae Gracilaria edulis (Gmelin) Silva.
Naturally Prefabricated Marine Biomaterials: Isolation and Applications of Flat Chitinous 3D Scaffolds from Ianthella labyrinthus (Demospongiae: Verongiida).
Assessing Soybean Genotypes for Resistance to Helicoverpa armigera (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
Oral delivery of water-soluble compounds to the phytoseiid mite Neoseiulus californicus (Acari: Phytoseiidae).
Widespread chytrid infection across frogs in the Peruvian Amazon suggests critical role for low elevation in pathogen spread and persistence.
Perfusion of Intrapulmonary Arteriovenous Anastomoses Is Not Related to VO2max in Hypoxia and Is Unchanged by Oral Sildenafil.
Growth, body composition, mineralisation and Na+/K+-ATPase activity of fingerling Heteropneustes fossilis (Bloch) fed diets with different levels of potassium.
Fabrication of an improved amperometric creatinine biosensor based on enzymes nanoparticles bound to Au electrode.
Computationally Predicted Gene Regulatory Networks in Molluscan Biomineralisation Identify Extracellular Matrix Production and Ion Transportation Pathways.
A positive feedback self-regulatory loop between miR-210 and HIF-1alpha mediated by CPEB2 is involved in trophoblast syncytiolization: implication of trophoblast malfunction in preeclampsia.
Incubation period of Shiga-toxin producing Escherichia coli.
Epigenetic Aspects of Engineered Nanomaterials: Is the Collateral Damage Inevitable?
Induction of differentiation of human stem cells ex vivo: Toward large-scale platelet production.
Incomplete lineage sorting and introgression in the diversification of Chinese spot-billed ducks and mallards.
Reconstructing the phylogeny of new world monkeys (platyrrhini): evidence from multiple non-coding loci.
Relatedness and spatial distance modulate intergroup interactions: experimental evidence from a social rodent.
Push and pull factors driving movement in a social mammal: context dependent behavioral plasticity at the landscape scale.
Pupae of the mega-diverse rove beetle tribe Staphylinini (Coleoptera, Staphylinidae): their traits and systematic significance.
Impacts of environmental and socio-economic factors on emergence and epidemic potential of Ebola in Africa.
Should we ask for more than consistency of darwinism with mendelism?
Rational time investment during collective decision making in Temnothorax ants.
Sensory gaze stabilization in echolocating bats.
Differential female sociality is linked with the fine-scale structure of sexual interactions in replicate groups of red junglefowl, Gallus gallus.
Correction: Berner, D. Allele Frequency Difference AFD-An Intuitive Alternative to FST for Quantifying Genetic Population Differentiation. Genes 2019, 10, 308.
The G9a Histone Methyltransferase Inhibitor BIX-01294 Modulates Gene Expression during Plasmodium falciparum Gametocyte Development and Transmission.
Seroepidemiology and the Molecular Detection of Animal Brucellosis in Punjab, Pakistan.
Status and Magnitude of Grey Wolf Conflict with Pastoral Communities in the Foothills of the Hindu Kush Region of Pakistan.
Impacts of Enriching Growing Rabbit Diets with Chlorella vulgaris Microalgae on Growth, Blood Variables, Carcass Traits, Immunological and Antioxidant Indices.
Exposure to heavy metal-contaminated sediments disrupts gene expression, lipid profile, and life history traits in the midge Chironomus riparius.
Determination of scoring functions for protein damage susceptibility.
The effect of acute warming and thermal acclimation on maximum heart rate of the common killifish Fundulus heteroclitus.
Actinomyces qiguomingii sp. nov., isolated from the Pantholops hodgsonii.
Risks from disease caused by Mycobacterium orygis as a consequence of Greater one-horned Rhinoceros (Rhinoceros unicornis) translocation in Nepal.
Isolation and characterization of Pseudomonas cedrina infecting Plutella xylostella (Lepidoptera: Plutellidae).
Marjoram and sage oils protect against testicular apoptosis, suppressed Ki-67 expression and cell cycle arrest as a therapy for male infertility in the obese rats.
Showing their mettle: Extraradical mycelia of arbuscular mycorrhizae form a metal filter to improve host Al tolerance and P nutrition.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in piRNA-pathway genes: an insight into genetic determinants of human diseases.
Relationship between oxidative stress and sexual coloration of lizards depends on thermal habitat.
The intermediate hosts of Wardium cirrosa (Krabbe, 1869) Spassky, 1961 (Cestoda, Cyclophyllidea, Aploparaksidae) in Ukraine.
Identification and Characterization of Two Sensory Neuron Membrane Proteins From Onion Maggot (Diptera: Anthomyiidae).
Density-dependent oxylipin production in natural diatom communities: possible implications for plankton dynamics.
Antioxidant activity of dichloromethane fraction of Dichrocephala integrifolia in Salmonella typhi-infected rats.
Facile and eco-benign synthesis of Au@Fe2O3 nanocomposite: Efficient photocatalytic, antibacterial and antioxidant agent.
Near infra-red polymeric nanoparticle based optical imaging in Cancer diagnosis.
Clone, identification and functional character of two toll-like receptor 5 molecules in Schizothorax prenanti.
Varying levels of melanotic encapsulation of gordiid hairworm cysts (Nematomorpha) by aquatic insect larvae: seasonal and host effects.
Genetic and functional diversity of the multiple lungfish myoglobins.
Brain size affects responsiveness in mating behavior to variation in predation pressure and sex-ratio.
The cost and benefit of quorum sensing controlled bacteriocin production in Lactobacillus plantarum.
Statistical significance gives bias a free pass.
Evaluation of linear and non-linear activation dynamics models for insect muscle.
KHDC3L mutation causes recurrent pregnancy loss by inducing genomic instability of human early embryonic cells.
Intrinsic role of bacterial secretion systems in phylogenetic niche conservation of Bradyrhizobium spp.
Histomorphology of the glans penis in Vespertilionidae and Phyllostomidae species (Chiroptera, Mammalia).
Parasitic infection of Cobitis elongatoides Bacescu &amp; Mayer, 1969 by zoonotic metacercariae Clinostomum complanatum (Rudolphi, 1814).
Ovarian Metabolic activity in Dehydroepiandrosterone-Induced Polycystic Ovary in Wistar rats Treated with Aspirin.
Ecological fragmentation effects in mouse lemurs and small mammals in northwestern Madagascar.
Norrisanima miocaena, a new generic name and redescription of a stem balaenopteroid mysticete (Mammalia, Cetacea) from the Miocene of California.
Absence of the Lectin Activation Pathway of Complement Ameliorates Proteinuria-Induced Renal Injury.
Development and validation of two robust simple chromatographic methods for estimation of tomatoes specific pesticides \'  residues for safety monitoring prior to food processing line and evaluation of local samples.
Oncofetal SALL4 driven tumorigenesis is highly dependent on oxidative phosphorylation, revealing therapeutic opportunities.
Correction to: Documenting lemming population change in the Arctic: Can we detect trends?
TRIM44 is indispensable for glioma cell proliferation and cell cycle progression through AKT/p21/p27 signaling pathway.
Forensic microbiology reveals that Neisseria animaloris infections in harbour porpoises follow traumatic injuries by grey seals.
Patterns of at-sea behaviour at a hybrid zone between two threatened seabirds.
Vitamin K1 prevents diabetic cataract by inhibiting lens aldose reductase 2 (ALR2) activity.
Phylogenetics, patterns of genetic variation and population dynamics of Trypanosoma terrestris support both coevolution and ecological host-fitting as processes driving trypanosome evolution.
Reorganization of surviving mammal communities after the end-Pleistocene megafaunal extinction.
Evaluation of transmission potential and pathobiological characteristics of mallard originated Avian orthoavulavirus 1 (sub-genotype VII.2) in commercial broilers.
Amorphous calcium phosphate in the pupal cuticle of Bactrocera dorsalis Hendel (Diptera: Tephritidae): A new discovery for reconsidering the mineralization of the insect cuticle.
Yes, correct context is indeed the key: an answer to Haave-Audet et al. 2019.
Amphibian skin-associated Pigmentiphaga: Genome sequence and occurrence across geography and hosts.
Genome Size and Sex Chromosome Variability of Bed Bugs Feeding on Animal Hosts Compared to Cimex lectularius Parasitizing Human (Heteroptera: Cimicidae).
Evolutionary Origin and Host Range of Plagiotoma lumbrici (Ciliophora, Hypotrichia), an Obligate Gut Symbiont of Lumbricid Earthworms.
The apoptotic effect of resveratrol in ovarian cancer cells is associated with downregulation of galectin-3 and stimulating miR-424-3p transcription.
A comparison of understanding of the amphibian crisis by zoo visitors across three countries.
Susceptibility Status of Bedbugs (Hemiptera: Cimicidae) Against Pyrethroid and Organophosphate Insecticides in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Biarticular muscles are most responsive to upper-body pitch perturbations in human standing.
BRG1 attenuates colonic inflammation and tumorigenesis through autophagy-dependent oxidative stress sequestration.
Generation of qualified clinical-grade functional hepatocytes from human embryonic stem cells in chemically defined conditions.
Tackling the Tibetan Plateau in a down suit: insights into thermoregulation by bar-headed geese during migration.
Adaptive Radiation from a Chromosomal Perspective: Evidence of Chromosome Set Stability in Cichlid Fishes (Cichlidae: Teleostei) from the Barombi Mbo Lake, Cameroon.
Metabarcoding of eukaryotic parasite communities describes diverse parasite assemblages spanning the primate phylogeny.
Altered oscillation frequencies in the lateral geniculate complex in the rat model of absence epilepsy.
Parasite microbiome project: Grand challenges.
The motility-based swim-up technique separates bull sperm based on differences in metabolic rates and tail length.
Integrated approaches to identifying cryptic bat species in areas of high endemism: The case of Rhinolophus andamanensis in the Andaman Islands.
A Comparative Characterization of the Mitochondrial Genomes of Paramoeba aparasomata and Neoparamoeba pemaquidensis (Amoebozoa, Paramoebidae).
Helminth parasites of the Nile Rat, Arvicanthis niloticus, from Shendi area, Sudan
Seroprevalence of Toxoplasma gondii in household and stray cats of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Morphological and ecological characteristic of Dicranotaenia stenosacculata Macko, 1988 (Cestoda, Hymenolepididae) recorded in Poland
Immune signaling pathways in the endoparasitoid, Pteromalus puparum.
The evolutionary potential of an insect invader under climate change.
Viviparity in Two Closely Related Epizoic Dermapterans Relies on Disparate Modifications of Reproductive Systems and Embryogenesis.
Isolation and characterization of amoxicillin-resistant bacteria and amoxicillin-induced alteration in its protein profiling and RNA yield.
Dog10K: an international sequencing effort to advance studies of canine domestication, phenotypes and health.
Dog10K: the International Consortium of Canine Genome Sequencing.
Flanking heterozygosity influences the relative probability of different base substitutions in humans.
Low connectivity between shallow, mesophotic and rariphotic zone benthos.
How long do anti-predator interventions remain effective? Patterns, thresholds and uncertainty.
Foraging ecology of African wolves (Canis lupaster) and its implications for the conservation of Ethiopian wolves (Canis simensis).
Coping with strangers: how familiarity and active interactions shape group coordination in Corydoras aeneus.
Ecomorphological diversification of the Late Palaeozoic Palaeodictyopterida reveals different larval strategies and amphibious lifestyle in adults.
Within-host mathematical modelling of the incubation period of Salmonella Typhi.
Insect brain plasticity: effects of olfactory input on neuropil size.
Novel cooperative antipredator tactics of an ant specialized against a snake.
Eleven years \'  data of grassland management in Germany.
Spatial variation in the biochemical and isotopic composition of corals during bleaching and recovery.
Computed tomographic features for differentiating benign from malignant liver lesions in dogs.
Yellow fever virus re-emergence and spread in Southeast Brazil, 2016-2019.
The Telomerase Reverse Transcriptase (TERT) and p53 Regulate Mammalian PNS and CNS Axon Regeneration downstream of c-Myc.
Gene expression analysis of the innate immune system during early rearing and weaning of meagre (Argyrosomus regius).
Differential Gene Expression during Substrate Probing in Larvae of the Caribbean Coral Porites astreoides.
Mapping of multiple complementary sex determination loci in a parasitoid wasp.
PAK4 Regulates Actin and Microtubule Dynamics during Meiotic Maturation in Mouse Oocyte.
Altered Expression of Heat Shock Protein-27 and Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1 after Acute Spinal Cord Injury: A Pilot Study.
Insights into the ecological roles and evolution of methyl-coenzyme M reductase-containing hot spring Archaea.
A thiazole-derived oridonin analog exhibits antitumor activity by directly and allosterically inhibiting STAT3.
Bark coverage shifts assembly processes of microbial decomposer communities in dead wood.
The way wear goes: phytolith-based wear on the dentine-enamel system in guinea pigs (Cavia porcellus).
Combination of fluoride and endosulfan induced teratogenicity and developmental toxicity in Swiss albino mice exposed during organogenesis.
A combination insecticide at sub-lethal dose debilitated the expression pattern of crucial signalling molecules that facilitate craniofacial patterning in domestic chick Gallus domesticus.
Extinction in the Anthropocene.
Cholinesterase Inhibitors for Alzheimer Disease: Multitargeting Strategy based on Anti-Alzheimer \' s Drugs Repositioning.
Ongoing green peafowl protection in China.
Antimicrobial peptides: new hope in the war against multidrug resistance.
Sinocyclocheilus sanxiaensis, a new blind fish from the Three Gorges of Yangtze River provides insights into speciation of Chinese cavefish.
First record of the ferret-badger Melogale cucphuongensis Nadler et al., 2011 (Carnivora Mustelidae), with description of a new subspecies, in southeastern ChinaNadler et al., 2011.
Diversity scaling of human vaginal microbial communities.
Genomic insights into ruminant evolution: from past to future prospects.
The cuticle inward barrier in Drosophila melanogaster is shaped by mitochondrial and nuclear genotypes and a sex-specific effect of diet.
People with high HIV viral load within risk networks: who are these people and who refers them best?
Discovery of a new ant species of the elusive termitophilous genus Metapone in Singapore (Hymenoptera, Formicidae, Myrmicinae), with the first detailed description of male genitalia of the genus.
Suppression of Wolbachia-mediated male-killing in the butterfly Hypolimnas bolina involves a single genomic region.
Salvianolic acid A &amp; B: potential cytotoxic polyphenols in battle against cancer via targeting multiple signaling pathways.
Bromelain plus peroxidase reduces non-Hodgkin lymphoma progression in invivo via up-regulation of antioxidant enzymes and modulating apoptotic protein expression.
Parasite-mediated selection in a natural metapopulation of Daphnia magna.
Microbial Fortification Improved Photosynthetic Efficiency and Secondary Metabolism in Lycopersicon esculentum Plants Under Cd Stress.
Shearwaters know the direction and distance home but fail to encode intervening obstacles after free-ranging foraging trips.
Long term monitoring of metal pollution in sediments as a tool to investigate the effects of engineering works in estuaries. A case study, the Nerbioi-Ibaizabal estuary (Bilbao, Basque Country).
Non-indigenous species refined national baseline inventories: A synthesis in the context of the European Union \' s Marine Strategy Framework Directive.
Pinniped entanglement in oceanic plastic pollution: A global review.
Multi-annual survey of health status disturbance in the Bilbao estuary (Bay of Biscay) based on sediment chemistry and juvenile sole (Solea spp.) histopathology.
Improving Stored Product Insect Pest Management: From Theory to Practice.
Hepatoprotective activity of raspberry ketone is mediated via inhibition of the NF-kappaB/TNF-alpha/caspase axis and mitochondrial apoptosis in chemically induced acute liver injury.
Earthworms Coordinate Soil Biota to Improve Multiple Ecosystem Functions.
Emergent microscale gradients give rise to metabolic cross-feeding and antibiotic tolerance in clonal bacterial populations.
Getting out of an egg: Merging of tooth germs to create an egg tooth in the snake.
Delineation of a new structural motif involving NHN gamma-turn.
Navigating through the R packages for movement.
Is the Impact Factor Driving the Demise of Symposium-Based Books?
Novel tribenzylaminobenzolsulphonylimine based on their pyrazine and pyridazines: Synthesis, characterization, antidiabetic, anticancer, anticholinergic, and molecular docking studies.
Phylogenetic relationships and systematics of the Amazonian poison frog genus Ameerega using ultraconserved genomic elements.
The Combined Effect of Elevated O3 Levels and TYLCV Infection Increases the Fitness of Bemisia tabaci Mediterranean on Tomato Plants.
Fermented mulberry leaf meal as fishmeal replacer in the formulation of feed for carp Labeo rohita and catfish Heteropneustes fossilis-optimization by mathematical programming.
Seroprevalence of Larval Toxocarosis in the Czech Republic.
Bilateral auditory processing studied by selective cold-deactivation of cricket hearing organs.
Meat ants cut more trail shortcuts when facing long detours.
An insight into molecular interaction of PGIP with PG for banana cultivar.
Pheromone baited biopesticide for control of Leucinodes orbonalis Guenee in brinjal plant.
"Any news?" Special issue in honor of Marcus Feldman \' s 75th birthday.
The Insect Circulatory System: Structure, Function, and Evolution.
Vannella samoroda n. sp. (Amoebozoa) - First member of the genus from a continental saline habitat placed in a molecular tree.
Viral infections alter antennal epithelium ultrastructure in honey bees.
Manipulating mtDNA in vivo reprograms metabolism via novel response mechanisms.
Steroidal alkaloids efficient aromatase inhibitors with potential for the treatment of post-menopausal breast cancer.
Metabolic plasticity mediates differential responses to spring and autumn migrations: Evidence from gene expression patterns in migratory buntings.
Dynamics of the microbial community during growth of the house dust mite Dermatophagoides farinae in culture.
Insights into the nucleotide composition and codon usage pattern of human tumor suppressor genes.
Review of the cichlid genus Thysochromis (Teleostei: Ovalentaria) with the description of a new species from the Kouilou Province in the Republic of Congo, west-central Africa.
Digest: Process-based phylogenetic models provide unique insights into the evolution of mutualistic networks.
Influence of zinc levels on the toxic manifestations of lead exposure among the occupationally exposed workers.
Invasive grasses of sub-Antarctic Marion Island respond to increasing temperatures at the expense of chilling tolerance.
Skilled reaching deterioration contralateral to cervical hemicontusion in rats is reversed by pregabalin treatment conditional upon its early administration.
Abnormal Meiosis Initiation in Germ Cell Caused by Aberrant Differentiation of Gonad Somatic Cell.
Anti-aphrodisiac pheromone, a renewable signal in adult butterflies.
Environmental Prevalence of Carbapenem Resistance Enterobacteriaceae (CRE) in a Tropical Ecosystem in India: Human Health Perspectives and Future Directives.
Genetic characterization of Carnivore Parvoviruses in Spanish wildlife reveals domestic dog and cat-related sequences.
Second Rhagophthalmid Luciferase Cloned from Chinese Glow-worm Menghuoius giganteus (Rhagophthalmidae: Elateroidea).
Wind-associated detours promote seasonal migratory connectivity in a flapping flying long-distance avian migrant.
Adjusting for spatial variation when assessing individual-level risk: A case-study in the epidemiology of snake-bite in Sri Lanka.
Competition-driven evolution of organismal complexity.
Long-term cognitive impairment without diffuse axonal injury following repetitive mild traumatic brain injury in rats.
In vitro maintenance of Mansonella perstans microfilariae and its relevance for drug screening.
Dissecting the Effects of Selection and Mutation on Genetic Diversity in Three Wood White (Leptidea) Butterfly Species.
Role of putrescine in ovary and embryo development in fruit bat Cynopterus sphinx during embryonic diapause.
A serine protease-associated lectin in the cytolytic system of blowfly (Chrysomya megacephala) larvae: Evidence and characterization.
Diversification rates have no effect on the convergent evolution of foraging strategies in the most speciose genus of bats, Myotis.
Macroevolutionary evidence suggests trait-dependent coevolution between behaviour and life-history.
Genes lost during the transition from land to water in cetaceans highlight genomic changes associated with aquatic adaptations.
Chemical characterisation of potential pheromones from the shoulder gland of the Northern yellow-shouldered-bat, Sturnira parvidens (Phyllostomidae: Stenodermatinae).
Open ocean nocturnal insect migration in the Brazilian South Atlantic with comments on flight endurance.
Evaluation of the effects of the green nanoparticles zinc oxide on monosodium glutamate-induced toxicity in the brain of rats.
Pterocarpus santalinus ameliorates streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus via anti-inflammatory pathways and enhancement of insulin function.
A new species of Synagoga (Crustacea, Thecostraca, Ascothoracida) parasitic in an antipatharian from Green Island, Taiwan, with notes on its morphology.
Generalization of learned preferences covaries with behavioral flexibility in red junglefowl chicks.
The West Palaearctic genera of Nematinae (Hymenoptera, Tenthredinidae).
1,3-Dinitrobenze-Induced Genotoxicity Through Altering Nuclear Integrity of Diploid and Polyploidy Germ Cells.
Kin grouping is insufficient to explain the inclusive fitness gains of conspecific brood parasitism in the common eider.
Genetic diversity, piroplasms and trypanosomes in Rhipicephalus microplus and Hyalomma anatolicum collected from cattle in northern Pakistan.
Managing Genetic Diversity and Extinction Risk for a Rare Plains Bison (Bison bison bison) Population.
Identification and Classification of Hubs in microRNA Target Gene Networks in Human Neural Stem/Progenitor Cells following Japanese Encephalitis Virus Infection.
A comparative assessment of adult mosquito trapping methods to estimate spatial patterns of abundance and community composition in southern Africa.
Restricting Glycolysis Preserves T Cell Effector Functions and Augments Checkpoint Therapy.
Lunge Feeding in Rorqual Whales.
Midgut cells alteration in gamma-irradiated beetles (Blaps polycresta, Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae).
Apparent nutrient digestibility of carbohydrate (corn) in Cirrhinus mrigala under the influence of chromium chloride hexahydrate.
Circadian rhythm in behavioral activities and diurnal abundance of stray street dogs in the city of Sambalpur, Odisha, India.
An improved core-shell microcapsule diet for rearing larvae of Mallada basalis (Neuroptera: Chrysopidae).
MALDI-TOF Mass Spectrometric Profiling of Spider Venoms.
Undesirable immigrants: hobbyist vivaria as a potential source of alien invertebrate species.
Antileishmanial activity and cytotoxicity of ZnO-based nano-formulations.
Evaluation of Seminal Fructose and Citric Acid Levels in Men with Fertility Problem.
Publisher Correction: A neural circuit for comorbid depressive symptoms in chronic pain.
Mitigation of radiation-induced gastro-intestinal injury by the polyphenolic acetate 7, 8-diacetoxy-4-methylthiocoumarin in mice.
Vitamin D3 regulates apoptosis and proliferation in the testis of D-galactose-induced aged rat model.
The subcortical maternal complex protein Nlrp4f is involved in cytoplasmic lattice formation and organelle distribution.
No evidence of positive assortative mating for genetic quality in fruit flies.
Temperature accounts for the biodiversity of a hyperdiverse group of insects in urban Los Angeles.
Unraveling the Detoxification Mechanism of 2,4-Dichlorophenol by Marine-Derived Mesophotic Symbiotic Fungi Isolated from Marine Invertebrates.
Cleonis pigra (Scopoli, 1763) (Coleoptera: Curculionidae: Lixinae): Morphological Re-Description of the Immature Stages, Keys, Tribal Comparisons and Biology.
Widespread intersex differentiation across the stickleback genome - the signature of sexually antagonistic selection?
Effect of urban environment on pineal machinery and clock genes expression of tree sparrow (Passer montanus).
Synergistic antibacterial efficacy of biogenic synthesized silver nanoparticles using Ajuga bractosa with standard antibiotics: a study against bacterial pathogens.
Sexual Size Dimorphism: Evolution and Perils of Extreme Phenotypes in Spiders.
Genetic diversity of primate strongylid nematodes: Do sympatric non-human primates and humans share their strongylid worms?
Fog signaling has diverse roles in epithelial morphogenesis in insects.
Effects of the colour of photophase light on locomotor activity in a nocturnal and a diurnal South African rodent.
Host relatedness influences the composition of aphid microbiomes.
Bivagina Pagrosomi Murray (1931) (Monogenea: Polyopisthocotylea), a Microcotylid Infecting the Gills of the Gilt-head Sea Bream Sparus Aurata (Sparidae) from the Red Sea: Morphology and Phylogeny.
Behavior of "Intermediate" Males of the Dimorphic Squid Doryteuthis pleii Supports an Ontogenetic Expression of Alternative Phenotypes.
Immunomodulatory effect of papaya (Carica papaya) pulp and seed extracts as a potential natural treatment for bacterial stress.
Identification of an E3 ligase-encoding gene RFWD3 in non-small cell lung cancer.
First Report of Molecular Characterization of Oochoristica hemidactyli Johri, 1955 (Cestoda, Linstowiidae) from the Common Wall Lizard, Hemidactylus brooki Gray, 1845 (Reptilia: Gekkonidae) Along with Morphological Redescription.
Promoter activity of earthworm metallothionein in mouse embryonic fibroblasts.
Identifying residual hotspots and mapping lower respiratory infection morbidity and mortality in African children from 2000 to 2017.
M1 muscarinic receptor is a key target of neuroprotection, neuroregeneration and memory recovery by i-Extract from Withania somnifera.
The conflict between adaptation and dispersal for maintaining biodiversity in changing environments.
Cooling requirements fueled the collapse of a desert bird community from climate change.
Impact of increasing vegetarian availability on meal selection and sales in cafeterias.
Rapid increase in Asian bottles in the South Atlantic Ocean indicates major debris inputs from ships.
Object colours, material properties and animal signals.
Testing the socioeconomic and environmental determinants of better child-health outcomes in Africa: a cross-sectional study among nations.
Genetic polymorphism of the N-terminal region in circumsporozoite surface protein of Plasmodium falciparum field isolates from Sudan.
Molecular Docking of Isolated Alkaloids for Possible alpha-Glucosidase Inhibition.
A Useful SNP Panel to Distinguish Two Cockle Species, Cerastoderma edule and C. glaucum, Co-Occurring in Some European Beds, and Their Putative Hybrids.
Neuroanatomical correlates of mobility: Sensory brain centres are bigger in winged than in wingless parthenogenetic pea aphid females.
Assessment of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the Himalayan Riverine Network of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
Graphene oxide based nano-composite for sustained release of cephalexin.
The effect of bacteria on planula-larvae settlement and metamorphosis in the octocoral Rhytisma fulvum fulvum.
Within species expressed genetic variability and gene expression response to different temperatures in the rotifer Brachionus calyciflorus sensu stricto.
Infection by the castrating parasitic nematode Sphaerularia bombi changes gene expression in Bombus terrestris bumblebee queens.
Vitamin D3 treatment regulates apoptosis, antioxidant defense system, and DNA integrity in the epididymal sperm of an aged rat model.
Manganese neurotoxicity: nano-oxide compensates for ion-damage in mammals.
Ginseng aqueous extract ameliorates lambda-cyhalothrin-acetamiprid insecticide mixture for hepatorenal toxicity in rats: Role of oxidative stress-mediated proinflammatory and proapoptotic protein expressions.
Dietary Inflammatory Potential and the Risk of Neurodegenerative Diseases in Adults.
Screening and identification of SipC-interacting proteins in Salmonella enteritidis using Gal4 yeast two-hybrid system in duck.
Genome skimming is a low-cost and robust strategy to assemble complete mitochondrial genomes from ethanol preserved specimens in biodiversity studies.
A new species of Lycodon Boie, 1826 (Serpentes, Colubridae) from northern Vietnam.
New species in the sponge genus Tsitsikamma (Poecilosclerida, Latrunculiidae) from South Africa.
Apoptotic and DNA-damaging effects of yttria-stabilized zirconia nanoparticles on human skin epithelial cells.
Vitamin C suppresses ovarian pathophysiology in experimental polycystic ovarian syndrome.
Five new morphological types of virgulate and microcotylous xiphidiocercariae based on morphological and molecular phylogenetic analyses.
Events in Early Nervous System Evolution.
Horizon scanning for South African biodiversity: A need for social engagement as well as science.
Genomic Approaches Reveal an Endemic Subpopulation of Gray Wolves in Southern China.
Specific polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons identified as ecological risk factors in the Lagos lagoon, Nigeria.
Slowly but surely: gradual diversification and phenotypic evolution in the hyper-diverse tree fern family Cyatheaceae.
Diverging Effects of Landscape Factors and Inter-Row Management on the Abundance of Beneficial and Herbivorous Arthropods in Andalusian Vineyards (Spain).
Avian MHC Evolution in the Era of Genomics: Phase 1.0.
Formononetin Upregulates Nrf2/HO-1 Signaling and Prevents Oxidative Stress, Inflammation, and Kidney Injury in Methotrexate-Induced Rats.
Emergence of the Asian lineage of Zika virus in Angola: an outbreak investigation.
Sustained transmission of Ebola in new locations: more likely than previously thought.
The role of Lathyrus sativus flower surface wax in short-range attraction and stimulant for nymph laying by an adult viviparous aphid.
Sympatric western lowland gorillas, central chimpanzees and humans are infected with different trichomonads.
HDAC inhibitors induce proline dehydrogenase (POX) transcription and anti-apoptotic autophagy in triple negative breast cancer.
Invited author response to editorial commentary: hypoalbuminemia in patients undergoing transcatheter aortic valve replacement: culprit or surrogate?
An unknown collection of lizards from Afghanistan.
Surface-kinetics mediated mesoporous multipods for enhanced bacterial adhesion and inhibition.
Three new species of acanthocephalans (Palaeacanthocephala) from marine fishes collected off the East Coast of South Africa.
Scaling of swimming performance in baleen whales.
Mechanical and optical properties of the femoral chordotonal organ in beetles (Coleoptera).
Snake Venoms in Drug Discovery: Valuable Therapeutic Tools for Life Saving.
Mesoporous Silica Nanoparticles Trigger Liver and Kidney Injury and Fibrosis Via Altering TLR4/NF-kappaB, JAK2/STAT3 and Nrf2/HO-1 Signaling in Rats.
Paramoeba aparasomata n. sp., a symbiont-free species, and its relative Paramoeba karteshi n. sp. (Amoebozoa, Dactylopodida).
Control of Bird Feeding Behavior by Tannin1 through Modulating the Biosynthesis of Polyphenols and Fatty Acid-Derived Volatiles in Sorghum.
Metatranscriptomics reveals unsuspected protistan diversity in leaf litter across temperate beech forests, with Amoebozoa the dominating lineage.
The Emerging Role of the SLCO1B3 Protein in Cancer Resistance.
Mitochondrial Calcium Uniporter as a potential therapeutic strategy for Alzheimer \' s disease (AD).
Dogs, but Not Wolves, Lose Their Sensitivity Toward Novelty With Age.
Genomic Insights into the Adaptive Convergent Evolution.
Heterogony in Cycloneuroterus (Hymenoptera: Cynipidae: Cynipini) From Rearing Experiments and DNA Barcoding.
Conservation and novelty in the microRNA genomic landscape of hyperdiverse cichlid fishes.
Arthropod segmentation.
In Vivo Anti Cancer Potential of Pyrogallol in Murine Model of Colon Cancer.
Mobile phone induced cognitive and neurochemical consequences.
DNA analysis of elasmobranch products originating from Bangladesh reveals unregulated elasmobranch fishery and trade on species of global conservation concern.
Body side-specific changes in sensorimotor processing of movement feedback in a walking insect.
Selective activation of serotoninergic dorsal raphe neurons facilitates sleep through anxiolysis.
System-Pharmacology Dissection of Traditional Chinese herbs SINI Decoction for Treatment of Cardiovascular Diseases.
Endocuticle sclerotisation increases the mechanical stability of cuticle.
The Cre/Lox System to Assess the Development of the Mouse Brain.
Methods in Brain Development of Molluscs.
Ventilatory responses of the clown knifefish, Chitala ornata, to arterial hypercapnia remain after gill denervation.
Role of mitochondria in rescuing glycolytically inhibited subpopulation of triple negative but not hormone-responsive breast cancer cells.
Bankruptcy is an inevitable fate of repeated investments with leverage.
Species-energy relationships of indigenous and invasive species may arise in different ways - a demonstration using springtails.
Genomic characterization of novel Neisseria species.
Host genetic diversity limits parasite success beyond agricultural systems: a meta-analysis.
Cryptosporidium spp., Enterocytozoon bieneusi, and Giardia duodenalis from animal sources in the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau Area (QTPA) in China.
Hydrocarbon molecular markers in the Holocene bottom sediments of the Barents Sea as indicators of natural and anthropogenic impacts.
Amber.
Transitions in the cell-fate induction induced by colored noise associated with the inductive stimulus.
Effect of PEGylated Magnetic PLGA-PEI Nanoparticles on Primary Hippocampal Neurons: Reduced Nanoneurotoxicity and Enhanced Transfection Efficiency with Magnetofection.
New Data on the Range Expansion of the Thaumetopoea pityocampa (Lepidoptera: Notodontidae)  \' ENA clade \'  in Greece: The Role of Bacterial Endosymbionts.
Organophosphorus flame retardant (tricresyl phosphate) trigger apoptosis in HepG2 cells: Transcriptomic evidence on activation of human cancer pathways.
Changes in the values of two ultrasound-examined teat parameters during the dry period in dairy cows.
Survey of lungworm infection of domestic cats in Hungary.
Sarcocystis rileyi emerging in Hungary: is rice breast disease underreported in the region?
Potential of water fern (Azolla pinnata R.Br.) in phytoremediation of integrated industrial effluent of SIIDCUL, Haridwar, India: removal of physicochemical and heavy metal pollutants.
Nrf2-ARE signaling in cellular protection: Mechanism of action and the regulatory mechanisms.
Analysis of a novel RNA virus in a wild northern white-breasted hedgehog (Erinaceus roumanicus).
Hunting and mountain sheep: Do current harvest practices affect horn growth?
Signatures of selection for bonamiosis resistance in European flat oyster (Ostrea edulis): New genomic tools for breeding programs and management of natural resources.
Reply to: Comparisons of static brain-body allometries across vertebrates must distinguish between indeterminate and determinate growth.
Microbiota fingerprints within the oral cavity of cetaceans as indicators for population biomonitoring.
To Trim or Not to Trim: Effects of Read Trimming on the De Novo Genome Assembly of a Widespread East Asian Passerine, the Rufous-Capped Babbler (Cyanoderma ruficeps Blyth).
High probability of pet dogs encountering the sylvatic cycle of Echinococcus multilocularis in a rural area in Hokkaido, Japan.
Fibulin-4 exerts a dual role in LTBP-4L-mediated matrix assembly and function.
Cryptic diversity of a widespread global pathogen reveals expanded threats to amphibian conservation.
The role of multilevel selection in host microbiome evolution.
Visualizing trypanosomes in a vertebrate host reveals novel swimming behaviours, adaptations and attachment mechanisms.
The clinical profile, hematological parameters and liver transaminases of dengue NS1 Ag positive patients admitted to Jaffna Teaching Hospital, Sri Lanka.
Metagenomic Insights and Genomic Analysis of Phosphogypsum and Its Associated Plant Endophytic Microbiomes Reveals Valuable Actors for Waste Bioremediation.
Roles of Resveratrol in Improving the Quality of Postovulatory Aging Oocytes In Vitro.
The Effect of Surface Modification of Ti13Zr13Nb Alloy on Adhesion of Antibiotic and Nanosilver-Loaded Bone Cement Coatings Dedicated for Application as Spacers.
Nano-and Micromotors Designed for Cancer Therapy.
Codling Moth Wing Morphology Changes Due to Insecticide Resistance.
Transcriptomic Signatures of Experimental Alkaloid Consumption in a Poison Frog.
Molecular Identification of a Novel Hantavirus in Malaysian Bronze Tube-Nosed Bats (Murina aenea).
Multiple Domestication Centers Revealed by the Geographical Distribution of Chinese Native Pigs.
Recent neurogenetic findings in insect courtship behaviour.
Bioaccumulation, cellular and molecular effects in adult zebrafish after exposure to cadmium sulphide nanoparticles and to ionic cadmium.
Computational tools for modern vaccine development.
Phylogenetic divergence of island biotas: Molecular dates, extinction, and "relict" lineages.
Maternal transcripts in good and poor quality eggs from Japanese eel, Anguilla japonica-their identification by large-scale quantitative analysis.
Telomerase Biology Associations offer Keys to Cancer and Aging Therapeutics.
Chromosome-level assembly of the mustache toad genome using third-generation DNA sequencing and Hi-C analysis.
Prevalence of Intestinal Parasitic Infection among Drug Addicts in District Swat, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
Effect of Nitazoxanide, Artesunate Loaded Polymeric Nano Fiber and Their Combination on Experimental Cryptosporidiosis.
Molecular Detection of Leishmania spp. in Skin and Blood of Stray Dogs from Endemic Areas of Cutaneous Leishmaniasis in Saudi Arabia.
Unique Epigenetic Features of Ribosomal RNA Genes (rDNA) in Early Diverging Plants (Bryophytes).
First record of the genus Oodera Westwood, 1874 (Hymenoptera, Pteromalidae, Cleonyminae, Ooderini) from the Arabian Peninsula, with the description of four new species.
Fasciola gigantica: Ultrastructural cytochemistry of the tegumental surface in newly- excysted metacercariae and in vitro-penetrated juvenile flukes informs a concept of parasite defence at the interface with the host.
Femoral neck cortical bone distribution of dryopithecin apes and the evolution of hominid locomotion.
Temporal model of fluid-feeding mechanisms in a long proboscid orchid bee compared to the short proboscid honey bee.
Corrigendum to "A comprehensive kelp phylogeny sheds light on the evolution of an ecosystem" [Mol. Phylogenet. Evol. 136 (2019) 138-150].
Magnetite nanoparticles effects on adverse responses of aquatic and terrestrial animal models.
Developmental differences between two marine turtle species and potential consequences for their survival at hatching.
Comparative landscape genetics reveals the evolution of viviparity reduces genetic connectivity in fire salamanders.
Genomics detects population structure within and between ocean basins in a circumpolar seabird: The white-chinned petrel.
Late-life Cardiac Injury in Rats following Early Life Exposure to Lead: Reversal Effect of Nutrient Metal Mixture.
Immunohistochemical localization and possible functions of nesfatin-1 in the testis of mice during pubertal development and sexual maturation.
Spidroins and Silk Fibers of Aquatic Spiders.
Time elapsed between Zika and dengue virus infections affects antibody and T cell responses.
Pituitary Adenylate Cyclase-Activating Polypeptide: 30 Years in Research Spotlight and 600 Million Years in Service.
Infection of parthenogenetic lizards by blood parasites does not support the "Red Queen hypothesis" but reveals the costs of sex.
Phylogenomic species delimitation in microendemic frogs of the Brazilian Atlantic Forest.
Identifying stationary phases in multivariate time-series for highlighting behavioural modes and home range settlements.
Apelin abrogates the stimulatory effects of 17beta-estradiol and insulin-like growth factor-1 on proliferation of epithelial and granulosa ovarian cancer cell lines via crosstalk between APLNR and ERalpha/IGF1R.
Segregation and potential functional impact of a rare stop-gain PABPC4L variant in familial atypical Parkinsonism.
Genome-wide analysis of Corsican population reveals a close affinity with Northern and Central Italy.
Postnatal Expression Patterns of Estrogen Receptor Subtypes and Choline Acetyltransferase in Different Regions of the Papez Circuit.
Is Toxoplasma gondii a potential risk factor for Alzheimer \' s disease? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Pathogen invasion history elucidates contemporary host pathogen dynamics.
The world needs BRICS countries to build capacity in invasion science.
Single-nucleotide polymorphism screening and RNA sequencing of key messenger RNAs associated with neonatal hypoxic-ischemia brain damage.
Effect of taurine on ethanol-induced oxidative stress in mouse liver and kidney.
Spatial partitioning by a subordinate carnivore is mediated by conspecific overlap.
Experimental increase in predation risk causes a cascading stress response in free-ranging snowshoe hares.
The reproductive system of the male and oviparous female of a model organism-the pea aphid, Acyrthosiphon pisum (Hemiptera, Aphididae).
Road avoidance and its energetic consequences for reptiles.
Bird species diversity in Altai riparian landscapes: Wood cover plays a key role for avian abundance.
Factors determining species richness patterns of breeding birds along an elevational gradient in the Horn of Africa region.
Maternal genomic variability of the wild boar (Sus scrofa) reveals the uniqueness of East-Caucasian and Central Italian populations.
Rubroshiraia gen. nov., a second hypocrellin-producing genus in Shiraiaceae (Pleosporales).
Descriptions of the mature larva and pupa of the Scaly strawberry weevil, Sciaphilus asperatus (Bonsdorff, 1785) (Coleoptera, Curculionidae, Entiminae) and observations of its biology.
Description of a new species of Membranobalanus (Crustacea, Cirripedia) from southern Australia.
The role of the GABAA receptor Alpha 1 subunit in the ventral hippocampus in stress resilience.
WDR62 is involved in spindle assembly by interacting with CEP170 in spermatogenesis.
Bacterial community structure analysis of a hot spring soil by next generation sequencing of ribosomal RNA.
Low Levels of Polymorphisms and Negative Selection in Plasmodum knowlesi Merozoite Surface Protein 8 in Malaysian Isolates.
General morphology and ultrastructure of the radula of Testudinalia testudinalis (O. F. Muller, 1776) (Patellogastropoda, Gastropoda).
Melatonin exerts oncostatic capacity and decreases melanogenesis in human MNT-1 melanoma cells.
[Myxomatosis: rabbits have separately developed the same mechanisms of genetic resistance in France, Australia and the United Kingdom].
The molecular machinery of translational control in malaria parasites.
How do horses (Equus caballus) learn from observing human action?
High-coverage genomes to elucidate the evolution of penguins.
Expansion of sandhill cranes (Grus canadensis) in east Asia during the non-breeding period.
A chromosome-level genome assembly of Cydia pomonella provides insights into chemical ecology and insecticide resistance.
Long-read assembly of the Chinese rhesus macaque genome and identification of ape-specific structural variants.
Systematic Evaluation of Chiral Fungicide Imazalil and its Major Metabolite R14821 (Imazalil-M): Stability of Enantiomers, Enantioselective Bioactivity, Aquatic Toxicity and Dissipation in greenhouse vegetables and Soil.
Francisco Campos-Rivadeneira and Roberto Levi- Castillo: Their lives and contributions to the study of mosquitoes (Diptera: Culicidae) in Ecuador.
Unravelling the mechanisms of behaviors associated with AUDs using flies and worms.
Pseudoparamoeba garorimi n. sp., with Notes on Species Distinctions within the Genus.
Dynamic phenotypic correlates of social status and mating effort in male and female red junglefowl, Gallus gallus.
Mitochondria, sex and variation in routine metabolic rate.
Light microscopic studies to evaluate fish scales as non-invasive indicators of heavy metal-contaminated waters.
Identification of trans-2-cis-8-Matricaria-ester from the Essential Oil of Erigeron multiradiatus and Evaluation of Its Antileishmanial Potential by in Vitro and in Silico Approaches.
The multifurcating skyline plot.
New Oligoneuriidae (Insecta, Ephemeroptera) from Iran.
Effects of enalapril and paricalcitol treatment on diabetic nephropathy and renal expressions of TNF-alpha, p53, caspase-3 and Bcl-2 in STZ-induced diabetic rats.
Adenovirus infection is associated with altered gut microbial communities in a non-human primate.
Antihyperlipidemic and Antioxidant Effects of Averrhoa Carambola Extract in High-Fat Diet-Fed Rats.
Social foraging extends associative odor-food memory expression in an automated learning assay for Drosophila.
From injury to full repair: nerve regeneration and functional recovery in the common octopus, Octopus vulgaris.
Brain cooling marginally increases acute upper thermal tolerance in Atlantic cod.
Protamines from liverwort are produced by posttranslational cleavage and C-terminal di-aminopropanelation of several male germ-specific H1 histones.
Enzymatic hydrolysis of cellulose using extracts from insects.
Validation of droplet digital Polymerase Chain Reaction for the detection and absolute quantification of Taenia solium eggs in spiked soil samples.
New aporphine alkaloids with selective cytotoxicity against glioma stem cells from Thalictrum foetidum.
Role of flavonoids in neurodegenerative disorders with special emphasis on tangeritin.
On the origin of schizophrenia: testing evolutionary theories in the post-genomic era.
Feeling the heat: Elevated temperature affects male display activity of a lekking grassland bird.
Evaluating the performance of targeted sequence capture, RNA-Seq, and degenerate-primer PCR cloning for sequencing the largest mammalian multigene family.
Endogenous testosterone correlates with parochial altruism in relation to costly punishment in different social settings.
Effectiveness of small road tunnels and fences in reducing amphibian roadkill and barrier effects at retrofitted roads in Sweden.
A comprehensive molecular phylogeny of Geometridae (Lepidoptera) with a focus on enigmatic small subfamilies.
The Past and Future of Experimental Speciation.
Synthesis and characterization of crustin capped titanium dioxide nanoparticles: Photocatalytic, antibacterial, antifungal and insecticidal activities.
A review on the druggability of a thiol-based enzymatic antioxidant thioredoxin reductase for treating filariasis and other parasitic infections.
Comparative refolding of guanidinium hydrochloride denatured bovine serum albumin assisted by cationic and anionic surfactants via artificial chaperone protocol: Biophysical insight.
Extracting Phylogenetic Signal from Phylogenomic Data: Higher-Level Relationships of the Nightbirds (Strisores).
Fifteen shades of green: The evolution of Bufotes toads revisited.
Queen-worker conflict can drive the evolution of social polymorphism and split sex ratios in facultatively eusocial life-cycles.
Dynamic methylome of internal mRNA N7-methylguanosine and its regulatory role in translation.
Transcription factor ZFHX3 regulates calcium influx in mammary epithelial cells in part via the TRPV6 calcium channel.
Ratio-dependent effects of quinestrol and levonorgestrel compounds (EP-1) on reproductive parameters of adult male Swiss mice.
Toxic effect of essential oil and its compounds isolated from Sphaeranthus amaranthoides Burm. f. against dengue mosquito vector Aedes aegypti Linn.
Changes in brain acetylcholinesterase and oxidative stress biomarkers in Clarias gariepinus exposed to carbendazim.
A typology of barriers and enablers of scientific evidence use in conservation practice.
Age-dependent changes in cuticular color and pteridine levels in a clonal ant.
Recombining your way out of trouble: The genetic architecture of hybrid fitness under environmental stress.
Genome sequence of the Chinese white wax scale insect Ericerus pela: the first draft genome for the Coccidae family of scale insects.
Morphological identification of Amphitetranychus species (Acari: Tetranychidae) with crossbreeding, esterase zymograms and DNA barcode data.
Risk of Soil-Transmitted Helminthiasis among Agrarian Communities of Kogi State, Nigeria.
Effect of gabapentin on fetal rat brain and its amelioration by ginger.
Internal parasitic burdens in brown rats (Rattus norvegicus) from Grenada, West Indies.
Population structure of modern-day Italians reveals patterns of ancient and archaic ancestries in Southern Europe.
Chimpanzee face recognition from videos in the wild using deep learning.
Comparative transcriptomic analysis of a wing-dimorphic stonefly reveals candidate wing loss genes.
Combining morphological and genomic evidence to resolve species diversity and study speciation processes of the Pallenopsis patagonica (Pycnogonida) species complex.
Soil ciliates of the Indian Delhi Region: Their community characteristics with emphasis on their ecological implications as sensitive bio-indicators for soil quality.
Bacillus subtilis: A plant-growth promoting rhizobacterium that also impacts biotic stress.
Anthelmintic, anticoccidial and antioxidant activity of Salvadora persica root extracts.
Using RT-PCR and glutathione level to study the effect of follicular fluid on in vitro maturation and gene expression of sheep oocytes.
Effect of organic and in-organic chromium supplementation on growth performance and genotoxicity of Labeo rohita.
Enzymes in the juvenile hormone biosynthetic pathway can be potential targets for pest control.
The importance of neutral over niche processes in structuring Ediacaran early animal communities.
Comparative forelimb myology and muscular architecture of a juvenile Malayan tapir (Tapirus indicus).
Effects of early rearing enrichments on modulation of brain monoamines and hypothalamic-pituitary-interrenal axis (HPI axis) of fish mahseer (Tor putitora).
The evolution of antibiotic resistance.
The Trouble with Trees: Afforestation Plans for Africa.
Genomic and Mitochondrial Data Identify Different Species Boundaries in Aposematically Polymorphic Eniclases Net-Winged Beetles (Coleoptera: Lycidae).
Carbon monoxide releasing molecule-A1 improves nonalcoholic steatohepatitis via Nrf2 activation mediated improvement in oxidative stress and mitochondrial function.
Genetic Basis of Adaptation and Maladaptation via Balancing Selection.
Differential roles of the right and left brain hemispheres in the social interactions of a free-ranging ungulate.
Gill epithelium of an angler catfish, Chaca chaca (Siluriformes, Chacidae): Enzyme and glycoprotein histochemistry.
Effects of lipopolysaccharide and juvenile hormone III treatments on cell growth and gene expression in the Ceratitis capitata (Diptera: Tephritidae) CCE/CC128 cell line.
Berberine chloride ameliorated PI3K/Akt-p/SIRT-1/PTEN signaling pathway in insulin resistance syndrome induced in rats.
Evaluation of linseed oil oleogels to partially replace pork backfat in fermented sausages.
Designing indaceno thiophene-based three new molecules containing non-fullerene acceptors as strong electron withdrawing groups with DFT approaches.
No head regeneration here: regeneration capacity and stem cell dynamics of Theama mediterranea (Polycladida, Platyhelminthes).
Attempts to obtain fully xenogeneic fetuses in rat mouse model ,  .
Early Pleistocene enamel proteome from Dmanisi resolves Stephanorhinus phylogeny.
A unique camouflaged mimarachnid planthopper from mid-Cretaceous Burmese amber.
Identifying asymptomatic Leishmania infections in non-endemic villages in Gedaref state, Sudan.
Molecular identification and prevalence of tick-borne pathogens in zebu and taurine cattle in North Cameroon.
Preferred, small-scale foraging areas of two Southern Ocean fur seal species are not determined by habitat characteristics.
Impact of transition to a subterranean lifestyle on morphological disparity and integration in talpid moles (Mammalia, Talpidae).
Chromosome Translocations as a Driver of Diversification in Mole Voles Ellobius (Rodentia, Mammalia).
The anatomy of a crushing bite: The specialised cranial mechanics of a giant extinct kangaroo.
Xenopus fraseri: Mr. Fraser, where did your frog come from?
Isolating and identifying fungi to determine whether their biological properties have the potential to control the population density of mosquitoes.
Captivity and Infection by the Fungal Pathogen Batrachochytrium salamandrivorans Perturb the Amphibian Skin Microbiome.
Co-evolution of cerebral and cerebellar expansion in cetaceans.
Within- and between-group dynamics in an obligate cooperative breeder.
Resistance is futile: RNA-sequencing reveals differing responses to bat fungal pathogen in Nearctic Myotis lucifugus and Palearctic Myotis myotis.
Bioaccumulation of TBT and Its Cellular Toxic Effects on the Freshwater Prawn Macrobrachium rosenbergii.
Adhesion abilities and biosorption of Cd and Mg by microorganisms - first step for eco-friendly beneficiation of phosphate ore.
Unexpected species diversity in electric eels with a description of the strongest living bioelectricity generator.
Global invasion history of the agricultural pest butterfly Pieris rapae revealed with genomics and citizen science.
Semi-field and indoor setups to study malaria mosquito swarming behavior.
Dietary exposure assessment of total mercury and methylmercury in commercial rice in Sri Lanka.
Inhibition of Bruton \' s tyrosine kinase and IL-2 inducible T-cell kinase suppresses both neutrophilic and eosinophilic airway inflammation in a cockroach allergen extract-induced mixed granulocytic mouse model of asthma using preventative and therapeutic strategy.
Proteomic investigation of the blue mussel larval shell organic matrix.
Can dietary jujube (Ziziphus jujuba Mill.) fruit extract alter cutaneous mucosal immunity, immune related genes expression in skin and growth performance of common carp (Cyprinus carpio)?
Mating system variation in hybrid zones: facilitation, barriers and asymmetries to gene flow.
Macroevolutionary analyses suggest environmental factors, not venom apparatus, play key role in Terebridae marine snail diversification.
Differential expression of cell-cell junction proteins in the testis, epididymis, and ductus deferens of domestic turkeys (Meleagris gallopavo) with white and yellow semen.
Arabinoxylan rice bran (MGN-3/Biobran) enhances radiotherapy in animals bearing Ehrlich ascites carcinoma .
Beyond the Powerhouse: Integrating Mitonuclear Evolution, Physiology, and Theory in Comparative Biology.
The quagga mussel genome and the evolution of freshwater tolerance.
Saiga horn user characteristics, motivations, and purchasing behaviour in Singapore.
First Report of Coronaviruses in Northern European Bats.
An integrated computational approach to identify GC minor groove binders using various molecular docking scoring functions, dynamics simulations, and binding free energy calculations.
A new species of Mountain Dragon (Reptilia: Agamidae: Diploderma) from the D. dymondi complex in southern Sichuan Province, China.
Counting stripes: revision of the Lipinia vittigera complex (Reptilia, Squamata, Scincidae) with description of two new species from Indochina.
Systematic relationships of Chinese freshwater semisulcospirids (Gastropoda, Cerithioidea) revealed by mitochondrial sequences.
Derived muscle arrangements and their shared innervation patterns of external and internal cheek pouches in rodents.
Effects of cold weather on the sleeping behavior of Skywalker hoolock gibbons (Hoolock tianxing) in seasonal montane forest.
Genomic and phenotypic analyses reveal mechanisms underlying homing ability in pigeon.
Comparative phylogeography of two hemipteran species (Geisha distinctissima and Megacopta cribraria) in the Zhoushan Archipelago of China reveals contrasting genetic structures despite concordant historical demographies.
Spatio-temporal climate change contributes to latitudinal diversity gradients.
Plumage iridescence is associated with distinct feather microbiota in a tropical passerine.
Environmental temperatures shape thermal physiology as well as diversification and genome-wide substitution rates in lizards.
Evolution of the vomer and its implications for cranial kinesis in Paraves.
Galactosomum otepotiense n. sp. (Trematoda: Heterophyidae) infecting four different species of fish-eating birds in New Zealand: genetically identical but morphologically variable.
Identification of critical factors that significantly affect the dose-response in mosquitoes irradiated as pupae.
Effects of Mining Activities on Gerbillus nanus in Saudi Arabia: A Biochemical and Histological Study.
Phosphorus and Nitrogen Modulate Plant Performance in Shrubby Legumes from the Iberian Peninsula.
The Effects of Natural Suspended Solids on Copper Toxicity to the Cardinal Tetra in Amazonian River Waters.
Restoration dilemmas between future ecosystem and current species values: The concept and a practical approach in Estonian mires.
Cortical bone distribution in the femoral neck of Paranthropus robustus.
Myristica fragrans bio-active ester functionalized ZnO nanoparticles exhibit antibacterial and antibiofilm activities in clinical isolates.
"The dead shall be raised": Multidisciplinary analysis of human skeletons reveals complexity in 19th century immigrant socioeconomic history and identity in New Haven, Connecticut.
Phylogenomic analyses confirm a novel invasive North American Corbicula (Bivalvia: Cyrenidae) lineage.
Soil Lead Concentrations in Dareta Village, Zamfara, Nigeria.
A Mathematical Model of Campylobacter Dynamics Within a Broiler Flock.
The Impact of Glycemic Status and Metformin Administration on Red Blood Cell Indices and Oxidative Stress in Type 2 Diabetic Patients.
Chyromyidae (Diptera, Acalyptrata) of Turkey.
Three new species of the genus Falcileptoneta Komatsu, 1970 (Araneae, Leptonetidae) from Korea.
Differential susceptibility &amp; replication potential of Vero E6, BHK-21, RD, A-549, C6/36 cells &amp; Aedes aegypti mosquitoes to three strains of chikungunya virus.
- No Title -
Microbial metabolite fluxes in a model marine anoxic ecosystem.
Temporary adhesion of the proseriate flatworm Minona ileanae.
Identifying adhesive components in a model tunicate.
Dynamic biological adhesion: mechanisms for controlling attachment during locomotion.
Tree defence and bark beetles in a drying world: carbon partitioning, functioning and modelling.
Field exclusion of large soil predators impacts lower trophic levels, and decreases leaf-litter decomposition in dry forests.
Ameliorative effect of selenium nanoparticles against aluminum chloride-induced hepatorenal toxicity in rats.
Identification and Characterization of the Pheromones in the Minute Pirate Bug Orius sauteri (Heteroptera: Anthocoridae).
Intensity-dependent energetic costs in a reciprocal parasitic relationship.
Compositional features and codon usage pattern of TP63 gene.
Understanding diversity and distribution of the insect assemblages associated with carrions.
Pregnancy reduces critical thermal maximum, but not voluntary thermal maximum, in a viviparous skink.
Author Correction: Time-lapse imagery and volunteer classifications from the Zooniverse Penguin Watch project.
Silver Nanoparticles-Silk Fibroin Nanocomposite Based Colorimetric Bio-Interfacial Sensor for On-Site Ultra-Trace Impurity Detection of Mercury Ions.
Induction of hyperpigmentation and heat shock protein 70 response to the toxicity of methomyl insecticide during the organ development of the Arabian toad, Bufo arabicus (Heyden,1827).
Assessing Risk of E. coli Resuspension from Intertidal Estuarine Sediments: Implications for Water Quality.
Resilience to adversity is associated with increased activity and connectivity in the VTA and hippocampus.
Role of GABAA receptors in EEG activity and spatial recognition memory in aged APP and PS1 double transgenic mice.
Seasonal differences in climate change explain a lack of multi-decadal shifts in population characteristics of a pond breeding salamander.
Spatial distribution of epibionts on olive ridley sea turtles at Playa Ostional, Costa Rica.
Next-generation nanotheranostics targeting cancer stem cells.
Foeniculum vulgare (Fennel) promotes functional recovery and ameliorates oxidative stress following a lesion to the sciatic nerve in mouse model.
Scrutinizing antioxidant interactions between green tea and some medicinal plants commonly used as herbal teas.
Promoting evolution: the brand new Hellenic Evolutionary Society (HEVOS).
Breakdown in spawning synchrony: A silent threat to coral persistence.
The osmorespiratory compromise: physiological responses and tolerance to hypoxia are affected by salinity acclimation in the euryhaline Atlantic killifish (Fundulus heteroclitus).
Immediate and persistent efficacy of sarolaner (Simparica ) against Haemaphysalis elliptica on dogs.
Level of phospho-STAT3 (Tyr705) correlates with copy number and physical state of human papillomavirus 16 genome in cervical precancer and cancer lesions.
Hospital wastewaters treatment: Fenton reaction vs. BDDE vs. ferrate(VI).
Current Status and Future Perspective for Research on Medicinal Plants with Anticancerous Activity and Minimum Cytotoxic Value.
First Morphological and Molecular Report of Aphelenchoides blastophthorus on Strawberry Plants in Switzerland.
Canalostomy is an ideal surgery route for inner ear gene delivery in big animal model.
Assessing the causes of diversification slowdowns: temperature-dependent and diversity-dependent models receive equivalent support.
Phosphorylated abacavir analogue (ABC-1) has ameliorative action against Newcastle Disease Virus (NDV) induced pathogenesis in chicken.
Green Synthesized Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles as Feed Additives to Improve Growth, Biochemical, and Hematological Parameters in Freshwater Fish Labeo rohita.
Dietary supplementation of milk thistle (Silybum marianum): growth performance, oxidative stress, and immune response in natural summer stressed broilers.
Correction to: Age-related expression of Neurexin1 and Neuroligin3 is correlated with presynaptic density in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus of male mice.
Oblate to prolate transition of a vesicle in shear flow.
Leptospira seroprevalence in owned dogs from Spain.
Maternal and severe anaemia in delivering women is associated with risk of preterm and low birth weight: A cross sectional study from Jharkhand, India.
Leishmaniasis in Northern Morocco: Predominance of Leishmania infantum Compared to Leishmania tropica.
Genetic diversity in tilapia populations in a freshwater reservoir assayed by randomly amplified polymorphic DNA markers.
A comparative toxic effect of Cedrus deodara oil on larval protein contents and its behavioral effect on larvae of mealworm beetle (Tenebrio molitor) (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae).
Genetic variations of NOD2 and MD2 genes in hepatitis B virus infection.
Enhanced production of fibrinolytic enzyme by a new Xanthomonas oryzae IND3 using low-cost culture medium by response surface methodology.
Extreme heterogeneity in sex chromosome differentiation and dosage compensation in livebearers.
Eradication of hepatocellular carcinoma by NKG2D-specific CAR T-cells.
Olea europaea L. Root Endophyte Bacillus velezensis OEE1 Counteracts Oomycete and Fungal Harmful Pathogens and Harbours a Large Repertoire of Secreted and Volatile Metabolites and Beneficial Functional Genes.
Host And Geography Together Drive Early Adaptive Radiation Of Hawaiian Planthoppers.
A natural gene drive system influences bovine tuberculosis susceptibility in African buffalo: Possible implications for disease management.
A sheep in wolf \' s clothing: levels of deceit and detection in the evolution of cue-mimicry.
Characterisation of polymorphic microsatellite loci in three copper butterfly species (Lycaena spp.).
Genotyping of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus from sepsis patients in Pakistan and detection of antibodies against staphylococcal virulence factors.
Thorium exerts hazardous effects on some neurotransmitters and thyroid hormones in adult male rats.
MicroRNA-222 reprogrammed cancer-associated fibroblasts enhance growth and metastasis of breast cancer.
Historical records reveal the distinctive associations of human disturbance and extreme climate change with local extinction of mammals.
Coverage and usage of insecticide treated nets (ITNs) within households: associated factors and effect on the prevalance of malaria parasitemia in the Mount Cameroon area.
Spatio-temporal ecological niche modelling of multigenerational insect migrations.
Complete genomes of two extinct New Zealand passerines show responses to climate fluctuations but no evidence for genomic erosion prior to extinction.
Proteome Profiling of the Mutagen-Induced Morphological and Yield Macro-Mutant Lines of Nigella sativa L.
The domestication event of the Tibetan pig revealed to be in the upstream region of the Yellow River based on the mtDNA D-loop.
Playback of Fork-Marked Lemurs \'  Loud Calls in Kirindy Forest, Madagascar.
Effect of neonatal exposure to endocrine-active compounds on plasma lipid and steroid concentrations, and morphology of luteal tissue in the adult pig.
Genome based screening of epitope ensemble vaccine candidates against dreadful visceral leishmaniasis using immunoinformatics approach.
Role of SCTR/AT1aR heteromer in mediating ANGII-induced aldosterone secretion.
Engineered action at a distance: Blood-meal-inducible paralysis in Aedes aegypti.
Seasonal occurrence of metazoan parasites in Tigerfish, Hydrocynus vittatus Castelnau, 1861 (Characiformes: Alestidae) from Sanyati Basin, Lake Kariba, Zimbabwe.
More than skin and bones: comparing extraction methods and alternative sources of DNA from avian museum specimens.
Effects of brief inhibition of the ventral tegmental area dopamine neurons on the cocaine seeking during abstinence.
Optimizing and Evaluating the Antihelminthic Activity of the Biocompatible Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles Against the Ascaridid Nematode, Parascaris equorum In Vitro.
SNMP1 and odorant receptors are co-expressed in olfactory neurons of the labial and maxillary palps from the desert locust Schistocerca gregaria (Orthoptera: Acrididae).
Scientists must act on our own warnings to humanity.
Comparative genomic analysis of six Glossina genomes, vectors of African trypanosomes.
The development of the osteocranium in the snake Psammophis sibilans (Serpentes: Lamprophiidae).
Temporal Characterization of Neuronal Migration Behavior on Chemically Patterned Neuronal Circuits in a Defined in Vitro Environment.
Human microbial ecology and the rising new medicine.
CCDC42 Localizes to Manchette, HTCA and Tail and Interacts With ODF1 and ODF2 in the Formation of the Male Germ Cell Cytoskeleton.
The Ankyrin Repeat Domain Controls Presynaptic Localization of Drosophila Ankyrin2 and Is Essential for Synaptic Stability.
Signature of the Paleo-Course Changes in the Sao Francisco River as Source of Genetic Structure in Neotropical Pithecopus nordestinus (Phyllomedusinae, Anura) Treefrog.
A dynamic neural network model for predicting risk of Zika in real time.
Phenotypic flexibility of glucocorticoid signaling in skeletal muscles of a songbird preparing to migrate.
sWnt signaling modulation results in a change of the colony architecture in a hydrozoan.
Infestation of small seabirds by Ornithodoros maritimus ticks: Effects on chick body condition, reproduction and associated infectious agents.
Vitexin alleviates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by activating AMPK in high fat diet fed mice.
Functional morphology of the sting in two digger wasps (Hymenoptera: Crabronidae) with different types of prey transport.
Evolution of visual sensory system in cichlid fishes from crater lake Barombi Mbo in Cameroon.
Description of a new species of beaked whale (Berardius) found in the North Pacific.
A Neural Circuit Arbitrates between Persistence and Withdrawal in Hungry Drosophila.
Ethnomedicinal knowledge of the rural communities of Dhirkot, Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.
Animal Research, Accountability, Openness and Public Engagement: Report from an International Expert Forum.
Sustainable Elimination (Zero Cases) of Sleeping Sickness: How Far Are We from Achieving This Goal?
Antiproliferative evaluation and supramolecular association in Mn(II) and Zn(II) bipyridine complexes: Combined experimental and theoretical studies.
Hydroxylation patterns associated with pheromone synthesis and composition in two honey bee subspecies Apis mellifera scutellata and A. m. capensis laying workers.
Can genomics shed light on the origin of species?
Context-dependency of top-down, bottom-up, and density-dependent influences on cheetah demography.
Non-Viral Parasites Associated with Carcinogenesis.
Notch signaling regulates nuclear androgen receptor AR and membrane androgen receptor ZIP9 in mouse Sertoli cells.
Lamprey Parapinopsin ("UVLamP"): a bistable UV-sensitive optogenetic switch for ultrafast control of GPCR pathways.
Size and density mediate transitions between competition and facilitation.
Review on antibacterial activity of Himalayan medicinal plants traditionally used to treat pneumonia and tuberculosis.
Prevalence of gastrointestinal parasites in lion-tailed macaque Macaca silenus in central Western Ghats, India.
Potential Anticancer Properties and Mechanisms of Action of Formononetin.
Induction of intrinsic apoptotic signaling pathway in A549 lung cancer cells using silver nanoparticles from Gossypium hirsutum and evaluation of in vivo toxicity.
Applications of Antioxidants in Metabolic Disorders and Degenerative Diseases: Mechanistic Approach.
Ensuring access to high-quality resources reduces the impacts of heat stress on bees.
Trophy hunting bans imperil biodiversity.
The osmorespiratory compromise in the euryhaline killifish: water regulation during hypoxia.
Phylotranscriptomics confirms Alveopora is sister to Montipora within the family Acroporidae.
Heat induced differential pattern of DNA fragmentation in male germ cells of rats.
Accuracy of an inexpensive, compact infrared thermometer for measuring skin surface temperature of small lizards.
Effects of air temperatures on antioxidant defense and immunity in Mongolian gerbils.
Effects of intestinal nematode treatment on CD11b activation state in an EAE mouse model of multiple sclerosis.
Influence of season-depending ecological variables on biomarker baseline levels in mussels (Mytilus trossulus) from two Baltic Sea subregions.
Arsenic-induced immunomodulatory effects disorient the survival-death interface by stabilizing the Hsp90/Beclin1 interaction.
Effect of high hydrostatic pressure on mitochondrial activity, reactive oxygen species level and developmental competence of cultured pig embryos.
Effects of stress and cortisol on the polarization of carp macrophages.
Virus-like particles containing multiple antigenic proteins of Toxoplasma gondii induce memory T cell and B cell responses.
Monitoring and Evaluation of thyroid function tests, Serum electrolytes and Creatinine levels before and after I131 therapy.
Is Pouch Specific to Colon and Not Ileum?
Raptor genomes reveal evolutionary signatures of predatory and nocturnal lifestyles.
A systematic review of Toxoplasma gondii genotypes and feline: Geographical distribution trends.
Discovery and antiproliferative evaluation of new quinoxalines as potential DNA intercalators and topoisomerase II inhibitors.
Retrospective Study of Cystic Echinococcosis (CE) Based on Hospital Record from Five Major Metropolitan Cities of Pakistan.
Sodium Fluoride and Fluoride Contaminated Ground Water Induced Altered Reproductive Performances in Male Rats.
Gross anatomical adaptations of the craniolateral forearm muscles in Tamandua mexicana (Xenarthra: Myrmecophagidae): development of accessory muscles and rete mirabile for its arterial supply.
Permeability of frog skin to chemicals: effect of penetration enhancers.
Physiological dynamics, reproduction-maintenance allocations, and life history evolution.
Broodmate aggression and life history variation in accipitrid birds of prey.
Applying the resource dispersion hypothesis to a fission-fusion society: A case study of the African lion (Panthera leo).
Sea surface temperature dictates movement and habitat connectivity of Atlantic cod in a coastal fjord system.
Conversion of rainforest to oil palm and rubber plantations alters energy channels in soil food webs.
Feather steroid hormone concentrations in relation to age, sex, and molting time in a long-distance migratory passerine.
Drug Inducible CRISPR/Cas Systems.
Unlocking the potential of ancient fish DNA in the genomic era.
Antarctic food web architecture under varying dynamics of sea ice cover.
Short communication: New data support phylogeographic patterns in a marine parasite Tristriata anatis (Digenea: Notocotylidae).
The anatomy and development of the nervous system in Magelonidae (Annelida) - insights into the evolution of the annelid brain.
Elevated mutation rates are unlikely to evolve in sexual species, not even under rapid environmental change.
Lipidomics biomarkers in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-quadrupole time of flight electrospray in a positive ionization mode mass spectrometry.
A Systematic Review of Precision Livestock Farming in the Poultry Sector: Is Technology Focussed on Improving Bird Welfare?
Ascl1 Balances Neuronal versus Ependymal Fate in the Spinal Cord Central Canal.
Actinomyces lilanjuaniae sp. nov., isolated from the faeces of Tibetan antelope (Pantholops hodgsonii) on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Complex and Diverse Drivers of Parasite Loads in a Cosmopolitan Insect.
First record of Pseudoterranova decipiens (Nematoda, Anisakidae) infecting the Red spot emperor Lethrinus lentjan in the Red Sea.
Scanometric Detection of Tomato Leaf Curl New Delhi Viral DNA Using Mono- and Bifunctional AuNP-Conjugated Oligonucleotide Probes.
Viruses mobilize plant immunity to deter nonvector insect herbivores.
Silicon Uptake and Localisation in Date Palm (Phoenix dactylifera) - A Unique Association With Sclerenchyma.
Two-sex life table and feeding dynamics of Spilosoma obliqua Walker (Lepidoptera: Arctiidae) on three green gram cultivars.
Synthesis, computational studies, tyrosinase inhibitory kinetics and antimelanogenic activity of hydroxy substituted 2-[(4-acetylphenyl)amino]-2-oxoethyl derivatives.
Stable isotopes are quantitative indicators of trophic niche.
The effect of railways on bird diversity in farmland.
Metal-induced nephrotoxicity to diabetic and non-diabetic Wistar rats.
The microbiota-gut-brain interaction in regulating host metabolic adaptation to cold in male Brandt \' s voles (Lasiopodomys brandtii).
Extremely low malaria prevalence in a wetland specialist passerine.
Land sparing to make space for species dependent on natural habitats and high nature value farmland.
Patterns, Mechanisms and Genetics of Speciation in Reptiles and Amphibians.
Strategy towards Replacing Pork Backfat with a Linseed Oleogel in Frankfurter Sausages and its Evaluation on Physicochemical, Nutritional, and Sensory Characteristics.
Practitioner insights as a means of setting a context for conservation.
Promising approaches of small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) mediated cancer gene therapy.
Changes in DNA methylation during epigenetic-associated sex reversal under low temperature in Takifugu rubripes.
Sampling strategies for species with high breeding-site fidelity: A case study in burrow-nesting seabirds.
Is the network of heterosexual contact in Japan scale free?
Selective suppression and recall of long-term memories in Drosophila.
Chromosomal Diversity of Thorny Catfishes (Siluriformes-Doradidae): A Case of Allopatric Speciation Among Wertheimerinae Species of Sao Francisco and Brazilian Eastern Coastal Drainages.
The histone modification reader ZCWPW1 is required for meiosis prophase I in male but not in female mice.
Correlative metabolomic fingerprinting and molecular docking studies of dermatological phytotherapeutics of South-Eastern Himalaya.
Naturally safe: cellular noise for document security.
Synthesis of thymyl esters and their insecticidal activity against Spodoptera litura (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
A new species of Schoutedenichia Jadin &amp; Vercammen-Grandjean, 1954 from Madagascar and a re-description of S. dutoiti (Radford, 1948) from South Africa (Acariformes: Trombiculidae).
A neural circuit for comorbid depressive symptoms in chronic pain.
The role of Arabidopsis ABA receptors from the PYR/PYL/RCAR family in stomatal acclimation and closure signal integration.
Selection on Aedes aegypti alters Wolbachia-mediated dengue virus blocking and fitness.
Recurrent convergent evolution at amino acid residue 261 in fish rhodopsin.
Genetic compensation by epob in pronephros development in epoa mutant zebrafish.
Chronic lead exposure induces histopathological damage, microbiota dysbiosis and immune disorder in the cecum of female Japanese quails (Coturnix japonica).
Antiviral activity of seselin from Aegle marmelos against nuclear polyhedrosis virus infection in the larvae of silkworm, Bombyx mori.
Phylogeny of the gall midges (Diptera, Cecidomyiidae, Cecidomyiinae): Systematics, evolution of feeding modes and diversification rates.
CXCR3 antagonist AMG487 suppresses rheumatoid arthritis pathogenesis and progression by shifting the Th17/Treg cell balance.
Tracing genetic resurrection of pointing dog breeds: Cesky Fousek as both survivor and rescuer.
An investigation into the role of chronic Schistosoma mansoni infection on Human Papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine induced protective responses.
Sequence capture phylogenomics of historical ethanol-preserved museum specimens: Unlocking the rest of the vault.
Molecular identification, in vivo and in vitro activities of Calvatia gigantea (macro-fungus) as an antidiabetic agent.
A New Projection From the Deep Cerebellar Nuclei to the Hippocampus via the Ventrolateral and Laterodorsal Thalamus in Mice.
Recent Anthropogenic Plant Extinctions Differ in Biodiversity Hotspots and Coldspots.
The xenobiotic doxycycline affects nitrogen transformations in soil and impacts earthworms and cultivated plants.
Neisseria meningitidis has acquired sequences within the capsule locus by horizontal genetic transfer.
Individual variation in early-life telomere length and survival in a wild mammal.
Hemotoxic effects of some herbicides on juvenile of Nile tilapia Oreochromis niloticus.
Selection of an optimal culture medium and the most responsive viability assay to assess AgNPs toxicity with primary cultures of Eisenia fetida coelomocytes.
Insights into the heavy metal-induced immunotoxic and genotoxic alterations as health indicators of Clarias gariepinus inhabiting a rivulet.
Lissamphibian limbs and the origins of tetrapod hox domains.
SNP barcoding based on decision tree algorithm: A new tool for identification of mosquito species with special reference to Anopheles.
Restore natural fertility of Kitw/Kitwv mouse with nonobstructive azoospermia through gene editing on SSCs mediated by CRISPR-Cas9.
Phylogenetic analysis provides insights into the evolution of Asian fireflies and adult bioluminescence.
COX-2/iNOS regulation during experimental hepatic injury and its mitigation by cloudy apple juice.
An experimental test for body size-dependent effects of male harassment and an elevated copulation rate on female lifetime fecundity and offspring performance.
Electrophysiological and Neurochemical Assessment of Selenium Alone or Combined with Carbamazepine in an Animal Model of Epilepsy.
Characterization of Co-transcriptional Formation of G-Quadruplexes in Double-Stranded DNA.
TLR-2 mediated cytosolic-Ca2+ surge activates ER-stress-superoxide-NO signalosome augmenting TNF-alpha production leading to apoptosis of Mycobacterium smegmatis-infected fish macrophages.
Scribble and Discs-large mediate tricellular junction formation.
Jumping on the Edge-First Evidence for a 2 x 6-meric Hemocyanin in Springtails.
Irisin as a Multifunctional Protein: Implications for Health and Certain Diseases.
Resistance against Trichinella spiralis infection in pups delivered by T. spiralis-infected dam.
Role of Curtobacterium herbarum strain CAH5 on aluminum bioaccumulation and enhancement of Lactuca sativa growth under aluminum and drought stresses.
Recent progress in biomedical applications of chitosan and its nanocomposites in aquaculture: A review.
Re-thinking adaptive immunity in the beetles: Evolutionary and functional trajectories of lncRNAs.
A systematic review on the role of GRA proteins of Toxoplasma gondii in host immunization.
Travel Surveillance and Genomics Uncover a Hidden Zika Outbreak during the Waning Epidemic.
Entomological assessment of dengue virus transmission risk in three urban areas of Kenya.
Sexual attraction: a review of bumblebee male pheromones.
Insecticidal Effect of Solenostemma argel Extracts Against Culex pipiens.
Comparing the toepads of Australian diurnal and nocturnal raptors with nonpredatory taxa: Insights into functional morphology.
Administration of ginger and/or thyme has ameliorative effects on liver and kidney functions of V-line rabbits: Histological and biochemical studies.
Management of oxidative stress and other pathologies in Alzheimer \' s disease.
Towards a barnacle tree of life: integrating diverse phylogenetic efforts into a comprehensive hypothesis of thecostracan evolution.
A sensitive serodiagnostic tool for the detection of active infection of zoonotic visceral and nasopharyngeal linguatulosis.
Allylpyrocatechol, isolated from betel leaf ameliorates thyrotoxicosis in rats by altering thyroid peroxidase and thyrotropin receptors.
Major subpopulations of Plasmodium falciparum in sub-Saharan Africa.
Jumping and take-off in a winged scorpion fly (Mecoptera, Panorpa communis).
Temperature-dependent development and survival of immature stages of the coffee berry borer Hypothenemus hampei (Coleoptera: Curculionidae).
Using a miniaturized double-net trap (DN-Mini) to assess relationships between indoor-outdoor biting preferences and physiological ages of two malaria vectors, Anopheles arabiensis and Anopheles funestus.
Coffea arabica bean extracts and vitamin C: A novel combination unleashes MCF-7 cell death.
On the morphology and possible function of two putative vibroacoustic mechanisms in derbid planthoppers (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha: Derbidae).
Carbon nanotubes as molecular transporters to study a new mechanism for molecular entry into the cell nucleus using actin polymerization force.
Molecular Identification of Necrophagous Dermestes Species in South Korea Using Cytochrome c Oxidase Subunit I Nucleotide Sequences (Genus Dermestes).
Can school children influence adults \'  behavior toward jaguars? Evidence of intergenerational learning in education for conservation.
Molecular identification of cystic echinococcosis in humans and pigs reveals the presence of both Echinococcus granulosus sensu stricto and Echinococcus canadensis G6/G7 in the hyperendemic focus of the Republic of Moldova.
Are brain weights estimated from scaling relationships suitable for comparative studies of animal cognition?
Discovery of a specialist Copelatinae fauna on Madagascar: highly ephemeral tropical forest floor depressions as an overlooked habitat for diving beetles (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae).
An annotated checklist of freshwater Copepoda (Crustacea, Hexanauplia) from continental Ecuador and the Galapagos Archipelago.
Insights from the salt bridge analysis of malate dehydrogenase from H. salinarum and E.coli.
Structural insights from water-ferredoxin interaction in mesophilic algae and halophilic archaea.
AUTOMINv1.0: an automation for minimization of Protein Data Bank files and its usage.
Female secondary sexual traits in spiders: Adaptive interpretations of the sternum projection in the pholcid Holocnemus pluchei.
Frequent fires alter tree architecture and impair reproduction of a common fire-tolerant savanna tree.
Oppia nitens C.L. Koch, 1836 (Acari: Oribatida): Current Status of its Bionomics and Relevance as a Model Invertebrate in Soil Ecotoxicology.
Real-time Epidemic Forecasting: Challenges and Opportunities.
The fate and function of oligodendrocyte progenitor cells after traumatic spinal cord injury.
Development of vernal migration in redheaded buntings: concurrent behavioral, physiological and neural changes under stimulatory photoperiods.
A new genus and species of pinworm (Nematoda, Oxyuridae) from the gray mouse opossum, Tlacuatzin canescens.
Biomineralization plasticity and environmental heterogeneity predict geographical resilience patterns of foundation species to future change.
Benzothiazole derivative bearing amide moiety induces p53-mediated apoptosis in HPV16 positive cervical cancer cells.
A General and Efficient Algorithm for the Likelihood of Diversification and Discrete-Trait Evolutionary Models.
Lifestyle and Circadian Health: Where the Challenges Lie?
Rubella seroprevalence and demographic feature analysis in pregnant women from Southern Pakistan.
Hepcidin: A key regulator of iron.
Epidemiological and clinical correlates of oral squamous cell carcinoma in patients from north-west Pakistan.
Divergent allocation of sperm and the seminal proteome along a competition gradient in Drosophila melanogaster.
Angiostrongylus cantonensis in North African hedgehogs as vertebrate hosts, Mallorca, Spain, October 2018.
A functional trade-off between trophic adaptation and parental care predicts sexual dimorphism in cichlid fish.
Coevolution influences the evolution of filial cannibalism, offspring abandonment and parental care.
The multi-dimensional nature of information drives prioritization of private over social information in ants.
Healthy and diverse coral reefs in Djibouti - A resilient reef system or few anthropogenic threats?
Evolution: How Bat Biosonar Bests Prey Camouflage.
Under the weather: Corticosterone levels in wild nestlings are associated with ambient temperature and wind.
Influence of the microbiota-gut-brain axis on behavior and welfare in farm animals: A review.
Cross-decades stability of an avian hybrid zone.
Chemokine signaling links cell-cycle progression and cilia formation for left-right symmetry breaking.
Crossover Interference: Shedding Light on the Evolution of Recombination.
Natural chemotherapeutic alternatives for controlling of haemonchosis in sheep.
Multiple channels of DEET repellency in Drosophila.
Complex patterns of grooming and sexual activity in Barbary macaques (Macaca sylvanus).
Membrane and calcium clock mechanisms contribute variably as a function of temperature to setting cardiac pacemaker rate in zebrafish Danio rerio.
Association of TRPV5 gene polymorphism with calcium urolithiasis: a case-control study from West Bengal, India.
The South America Tomato Leafminer, Tuta absoluta (Lepidoptera: Gelechiidae), Spreads Its Wings in Eastern Africa: Distribution and Socioeconomic Impacts.
Movement seasonality in a desert-dwelling bat revealed by miniature GPS loggers.
An Update on Novel Therapeutic Warfronts of Extracellular Vesicles (EVs) in Cancer Treatment: Where We Are Standing Right Now and Where to Go in the Future.
Adapting for extremes.
Eight new freshwater mussels (Unionidae) from tropical Asia.
Age-dependent carry-over effects in a long-distance migratory bird.
Biomineralization by particle attachment in early animals.
Durum Wheat Stress Tolerance Induced by Endophyte Pantoea agglomerans with Genes Contributing to Plant Functions and Secondary Metabolite Arsenal.
Microcystin concentrations and liver histopathology in Clarias gariepinus and Oreochromis mossambicus from three impacted rivers flowing into a hyper-eutrophic freshwater system: A pilot study.
BgFas1: A fatty acid synthase gene required for both hydrocarbon and cuticular fatty acid biosynthesis in the German cockroach, Blattella germanica (L.).
Amelioration of neurobehavioral and cognitive abilities of F1 progeny following dietary supplementation with Spirulina to protein malnourished mothers.
Relicts and radiations: Phylogenomics of an Australasian lizard clade with east Gondwanan origins (Gekkota: Diplodactyloidea).
How should we store avian faecal samples for microbiota analyses? Comparing efficacy and cost-effectiveness.
Optimising the use of bio-loggers for movement ecology research.
Managing uncertainty in movement knowledge for environmental decisions.
Evaluation of cowpea mini core accessions for resistance to flower bud thrips Megalurothrips sjostedti Trybom (Thysanoptera: Thripidae).
Multiple Independent Origins of Apicomplexan-Like Parasites.
Zinc source modulates zootechnical characteristics, intestinal features, humoral response, and paraoxonase (PON1) activity in broilers.
Avian and rodent responses to the olfactory landscape in a Mediterranean cavity community.
Multiple subtypes of TLR22 molecule from Schizothorax prenanti present the functional diversity in ligand recognition and signal activation.
Habitat characterization of sand fly vectors of leishmaniasis in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
UV-sensitive syndrome: Whole exome sequencing identified a nonsense mutation in the gene UVSSA in two consanguineous pedigrees from Pakistan.
A new, rapid multiplex PCR method identifies frequent probiotic origin among clinical Saccharomyces isolates.
Effect of estrogen-related receptor silencing on miRNA protein machinery expression, global methylation, and deacetylation in bank vole (Myodes glareolus) and mouse tumor Leydig cells.
Molecular systematics of Pampus (Perciformes: Stromateidae) based on thousands of nuclear loci using target-gene enrichment.
Structural and functional differentiation of a fat body-like tissue adhering to testis follicles facilitates spermatogenesis in locusts.
Consistent within-individual plasticity is sufficient to explain temperature responses in red deer reproductive traits.
Quantification of dietary calcium requirement of fingerling Heteropneustes fossilis based on growth, feed conversion efficiency, mineralization and serum alkaline phosphatase activity.
The costs of keeping cool: behavioural trade-offs between foraging and thermoregulation are associated with significant mass losses in an arid-zone bird.
Concentration of egg white antimicrobial and immunomodulatory proteins is related to eggshell pigmentation across traditional chicken breeds.
The configuration of Northern Hemisphere ice sheets through the Quaternary.
Generation of porcine monoclonal antibodies based on single cell technologies.
The microbiology, pH, and oxidation reduction potential of larval masses in decomposing carcasses on Oahu, Hawaii.
Expression of nitric oxide synthase (NOS) in Anabas testudineus ovary and participation of nitric oxide-cyclic GMP cascade in maintenance of meiotic arrest.
Drivers of stereotypic behaviour and physiological stress among captive jungle cat (Felis chaus Schreber, 1777) in India.
Identification of metabolism-associated pathways and genes involved in male and female liver cancer patients.
Response to salinity and temperature changes in the alien Asian copepod Pseudodiaptomus marinus introduced in the Black Sea.
Defining the indigenous ranges of species to account for geographic and taxonomic variation in the history of human impacts: reply to Sanderson 2019.
Gene Flow in the Mullerian Mimicry Ring of a Poisonous Papuan Songbird Clade (Pitohui; Aves).
Apicomplexan-like parasites are polyphyletic and widely but selectively dependent on cryptic plastid organelles.
Chromosomal level assembly and population sequencing of the Chinese tree shrew genome.
The preventive role of wheat germ oil against sertraline-induced testicular damage in male albino rats.
Assessment of microcystin contamination of Amaranthus hybridus, Brassica oleracea, and Lactuca sativa sold in markets: a case study of Zaria, Nigeria.
Lupeol alters viability of SK-RC-45 (Renal cell carcinoma cell line) by modulating its mitochondrial dynamics.
Longitudinal Radiographic Study of Cranial Bone Growth in Young Cheetah.
Retained Acetylated Histone Four in Bull Sperm Associated With Fertility.
Reverting ontogeny: rapid phenotypic plasticity of colour vision in cichlid fish.
Mid-Devensian climate and landscape in England: new data from Finningley, South Yorkshire.
Congruence, fossils and the evolutionary tree of rodents and lagomorphs.
Body coloration and mechanisms of colour production in Archelosauria: the case of deirocheline turtles.
Avian malaria-mediated population decline of a widespread iconic bird species.
Species interactions mediate thermal evolution.
Urbanization erodes niche segregation in Darwin \' s finches.
Causes of maladaptation.
Editorial: Circadian Plasticity-A Collaboration Between Neuronal and Glial Oscillators.
Large-scale mitogenomic analysis of the phylogeography of the Late Pleistocene cave bear.
A bold successor to Aichi Target 11-Response.
A bold successor to Aichi Target 11.
Effects of lighting schedule during incubation of broiler chicken embryos on leg bone development at hatch and related physiological characteristics.
Quantifying the damage caused by fruit bats to backyard lychee trees in Mauritius and evaluating the benefits of protective netting.
Activated Ras/JNK driven Dilp8 in imaginal discs adversely affects organismal homeostasis during early pupal stage in Drosophila, a new checkpoint for development.
Phylogenetic Position and Description of a New Species of Medicinal Leech from the Eastern United States.
Wormlions prefer both fine and deep sand but only deep sand leads to better performance.
Sociability and pair-bonding in gerbils: a comparative experimental study.
Fourteen new species of the spider genus Thaiderces from Southeast Asia (Araneae, Psilodercidae).
Taxonomic revision of the genus Copelatus of Madagascar (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae, Copelatinae): the non- erichsonii group species.
Linking type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiac hypertrophy and depression in a diurnal animal model.
A New Clevosaurid from the Triassic (Carnian) of Brazil and the Rise of Sphenodontians in Gondwana.
The liver proteome in a mouse model for Ascaris suum resistance and susceptibility: evidence for an altered innate immune response.
Evolution of female promiscuity in Passerides songbirds.
The Neuroprotective Role of Coenzyme Q10 Against Lead Acetate-Induced Neurotoxicity Is Mediated by Antioxidant, Anti-Inflammatory and Anti-Apoptotic Activities.
Toxicity evaluation of olive oil mill wastewater and its polar fraction using multiple whole-organism bioassays.
Spatial memory shapes migration and its benefits: evidence from a large herbivore.
Bioluminescent flashes drive nighttime schooling behavior and synchronized swimming dynamics in flashlight fish.
Morphogenetic and constructional differences of the carapace of aquatic and terrestrial turtles and their evolutionary significance.
The outbreaks of nontarget mirid bugs promote arthropod pest suppression in Bt cotton agroecosystems.
Insecticidal efficacy of six new pyrrole derivatives against four stored-product pests.
Did the movie Finding Dory increase demand for blue tang fish?
Temperature affects liver and muscle metabolism in photostimulated migratory redheaded buntings (Emberiza bruniceps).
Life in a tube: morphology of the ctenostome bryozoan Hypophorella expansa.
Characterizing population and individual migration patterns among native and restored bighorn sheep (Ovis canadensis).
Does past evolutionary history under different mating regimes influence the demographic dynamics of interspecific competition?
Evolution of the intermuscular bones in the Cyprinidae (Pisces) from a phylogenetic perspective.
Null model analyses of temporal patterns of bird assemblages and their foraging guilds revealed the predominance of positive and random associations.
Spurious inference when comparing networks.
Comparative field evaluation of kelambu traps, barrier screens and barrier screens with eaves for longitudinal surveillance of adult Anopheles mosquitoes in Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Low-load pathogen spillover predicts shifts in skin microbiome and survival of a terrestrial-breeding amphibian.
The Algal Symbiont Modifies the Transcriptome of the Scleractinian Coral Euphyllia paradivisa During Heat Stress.
Investigating the Side-Effects of Neem-Derived Pesticides on Commercial Entomopathogenic and Slug-Parasitic Nematode Products Under Laboratory Conditions.
Multiple evaluation of the potential toxic effects of sediments and biota collected from an oil-polluted area around Abu Ali Island, Saudi Arabia, Arabian Gulf.
The in-air auditory thresholds of the eurasian otter (Lutra lutra, L. 1758) as determined by auditory brainstem responses.
Predator-induced changes in the chemical defence of a vertebrate.
The interplay of nested biotic interactions and the abiotic environment regulates populations of a hypersymbiont.
Tubulin detyrosination promotes human trophoblast syncytium formation.
Factors Affecting Pre-Travel Health Seeking Behaviour and Adherence to Pre-Travel Health Advice: A Systematic Review.
Physical contact, volatiles, and acoustic signals contribute to monogamy in an invasive aggregating bark beetle.
Wild zebra finches that nest synchronously have long-term stable social ties.
Development of a Female-Targeted Lure for the Box Tree Moth Cydalima perspectalis (Lepidoptera: Crambidae): a Preliminary Report.
A model to study the inhibition of nsP2B-nsP3 protease of dengue virus with imidazole, oxazole, triazole thiadiazole, and thiazolidine based scaffolds.
RNA-Binding Protein IGF2BP2/IMP2 is a Critical Maternal Activator in Early Zygotic Genome Activation.
Landscape homogenization due to agricultural intensification disrupts the relationship between reproductive success and main prey abundance in an avian predator.
Systematics of Huicundomantis, a new subgenus of Pristimantis (Anura, Strabomantidae) with extraordinary cryptic diversity and eleven new species.
An annotated list of aseptate gregarine parasites (Protozoa; Apicomplexa; Sporozoa) infecting oligochaete hosts.
A parapleurolophocercous cercaria and a furcocercous cercaria from the freshwater gastropods of the Western Ghats.
Prevalence of Giardia intestinalis with other co-infecting parasites in Barak Valley, Assam, India: a molecular approach.
Four new species of virgulate xiphidiocercariae infecting the freshwater snail, Bithynia (Digoniostoma) pulchella (Benson, 1836) in Malabar, Kerala.
Testing adaptive hypotheses of alloparenting in Agta foragers.
Belt and Road Initiative may create new supplies for illegal wildlife trade in large carnivores.
Enlarged Egg Size Increases Offspring Fitness of a Frog Species on the Zhoushan Archipelago of China.
Retraction Note: Increased survival and cell cycle progression pathways are required for EWS/FLI1-induced malignant transformation.
Ancient pigs reveal a near-complete genomic turnover following their introduction to Europe.
Early pregnancy biochemical markers of placentation for screening of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Screening of the High-Rhizosphere Competent Limoniastrum monopetalum \'  Culturable Endophyte Microbiota Allows the Recovery of Multifaceted and Versatile Biocontrol Agents.
Acute exposure to the water-soluble fraction of gasoline (WSFG) affects oxygen consumption, nitrogenous-waste and Mg excretion, and activates anaerobic metabolism in the goldfish Carassius auratus.
Purification of a trypsin inhibitor from Psoralea corylifolia seeds and its influence on developmental physiology of Bactrocera cucurbitae.
Molecular evidence that the Channel Islands populations of the orange-crowned warbler (Oreothlypis celata; Aves: Passeriformes: Parulidae) represent a distinct evolutionary lineage.
Simple Homemade Tools to Handle Fruit Flies-Drosophila melanogaster.
Malaria mosquitoes use leg push-off forces to control body pitch during take-off.
Prevalence of emm1 Streptococcus pyogenes having a novel type of genomic composition.
Ngwevu intloko: a new early sauropodomorph dinosaur from the Lower Jurassic Elliot Formation of South Africa and comments on cranial ontogeny in Massospondylus carinatus.
The genus Dixa (Diptera, Dixidae) in Croatian lotic habitats, with a checklist of species and relationships with the fauna of neighbouring countries.
What is stirring in the reservoir? Modelling mechanisms of henipavirus circulation in fruit bat hosts.
Toxicity assessment of chlorpyrifos on different organs of rat: exploitation of microbial-based enzymatic system for neutralization.
Current-use pesticides in New Zealand streams: Comparing results from grab samples and three types of passive samplers.
Molecular mechanisms of Cisplatin- induced placental toxicity and teratogenicity in rats and the ameliorating role of N-acetyl-cysteine.
pH regulation in hibernation: Implications for ventilatory and metabolic control.
Apigenin attenuates edifenphos-induced toxicity by modulating ROS-mediated oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction and caspase signal pathway in rat liver and kidney.
Habitat amount partially affects physiological condition and stress level in Neotropical fruit-eating bats.
Blood flow-mediated gene transfer and siRNA-knockdown in the developing vasculature in a spatio-temporally controlled manner in chicken embryos.
The influence of phylogeny and ecology on root, shoot and plant ionomes of 14 native Brazilian species.
The failure of success: cyclic recurrences of a globally invasive pest.
Acute Vector-Borne Viral Infection: Zika and MinION Surveillance.
Silver nanoparticle-induced nephrotoxicity in Clarias gariepinus: physio-histological biomarkers.
Beta diversity of gastrointestinal helminths in two closely related South African rodents: species and site contributions.
Hidden Concepts in the History and Philosophy of Origins-of-Life Studies: a Workshop Report.
The population genetics of crypsis in vertebrates: recent insights from mice, hares, and lizards.
RNA 5-Methylcytosine Facilitates the Maternal-to-Zygotic Transition by Preventing Maternal mRNA Decay.
Forensic entomotoxicology: Current concepts, trends and challenges.
Acute exposure to perfluorononanoic acid in prepubertal mice: Effect on germ cell dynamics and an insight into the possible mechanisms of its inhibitory action on testicular functions.
Supporting Spartina: Interdisciplinary perspective shows Spartina as a distinct solid genus.
Chronic consumption of a high-fat diet rich in corn oil activates intrinsic cell death pathway and induces several ultrastructural changes in the atria of healthy and type 1 diabetic rat.
A comparison of drone imagery and ground-based methods for estimating the extent of habitat destruction by lesser snow geese (Anser caerulescens caerulescens) in La Perouse Bay.
Animals Have No Language, and Humans Are Animals Too.
Urinary schistosomiasis in Ebonyi State, Nigeria from 2006 to 2017.
Let \' s go swimming: mermithid-infected earwigs exhibit positive hydrotaxis.
Adipocyte-specific disruption of ATPase copper transporting alpha in mice accelerates lipoatrophy.
Adaptive colour change and background choice behaviour in peppered moth caterpillars is mediated by extraocular photoreception.
Reconstruction of insect hormone pathways in an aquatic firefly, Sclerotia aquatilis (Coleoptera: Lampyridae), using RNA-seq.
The revised complete mitogenome sequence of the tree frog Polypedatesmegacephalus (Anura, Rhacophoridae) by next-generation sequencing and phylogenetic analysis.
Taxonomic revision of black salamanders of the Aneides flavipunctatus complex (Caudata: Plethodontidae).
Integrated analysis of 10 lymphoma datasets identifies E2F8 as a key regulator in Burkitt \' s lymphoma and mantle cell lymphoma.
Antioxidant and Glycemic Regulatory Properties Potential of Different Maturity Stages of Leaf of Ceylon Cinnamon (Cinnamomum zeylanicum Blume) In Vitro.
Targeted Capture of Hundreds of Nuclear Genes Unravels Phylogenetic Relationships of the Diverse Neotropical Palm Tribe Geonomateae.
The interaction between suction feeding performance and prey escape response determines feeding success in larval fish.
Reliability of three common fecal egg counting techniques for detecting strongylid and ascarid infections in horses.
Inference from the analysis of genetic structure of Helicobacter pylori strains isolates from two paediatric patients with recurrent infection.
Oxidation of flumequine in aqueous solution by UV-activated peroxymonosulfate: Kinetics, water matrix effects, degradation products and reaction pathways.
Comparative efficacy of two mycotoxins against Spodoptera litura Fab. And their non-target activity against Eudrilus eugeniae Kinb.
Biochemical and endocrine-disrupting effects in Clarias gariepinus exposed to the synthetic pyrethroids, cypermethrin and deltamethrin.
Selenium protection against mercury toxicity on the male reproductive system of Clarias gariepinus.
Conserved sequences identify the closest living relatives of primates.
A phylogenomic perspective on diversity, hybridization and evolutionary affinities in the stickleback genus Pungitius.
Modulatory effects of Saussurea lappa root aqueous extract against ethephon-induced kidney toxicity in male rats.
Conservation genetics: Linking science with practice.
Correction to: Progress on bringing together raptor collections in Europe for contaminant research and monitoring in relation to chemicals regulation.
The use of yellow mealworm (T. molitor) as alternative source of protein in poultry diets: a review.
The world still isn \' t flat: Lessons learned from organismal interactions with environmental heterogeneity in terrestrial environments.
Effects of Entomopathogenic Fungi on the Biology of Spodoptera litura (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) and its Reduviid Predator, Rhynocoris marginatus (Heteroptera: Reduviidae).
Induction of T7 Promoter at Higher Temperatures May Be Counterproductive.
Modulatory Effects of Berberine Chloride on Lipid Profile, Oxidant Status and Insulin Signaling Molecules in Streptozotocin Induced Diabetic Rats.
Progress and challenges in analyzing rodent energy expenditure.
Population Genomics Analysis Revealed Origin and High-altitude Adaptation of Tibetan Pigs.
Downregulation of Sostdc1 in Testicular Sertoli Cells is Prerequisite for Onset of Robust Spermatogenesis at Puberty.
Nix-mediated mitophagy regulates platelet activation and life span.
Cystic echinococcosis in Nigeria: first insight into the genotypes of Echinococcus granulosus in animals.
Bioaccumulation of persistent organic pollutants and their trophic transfer through the food web: Human health risks to the rural communities reliant on fish from South Africa \' s largest floodplain.
Spidroin in carbopol-based gel promotes wound healing in earthworm \' s skin model.
The Physiology of Heat Tolerance in Small Endotherms.
Single xenotransplant of rat brown adipose tissue prolonged the ovarian lifespan of aging mice by improving follicle survival.
A comparative study of litter size and sex composition in a large dataset of callitrichine monkeys.
Effect of gestational exposure to perfluorononanoic acid on neonatal mice testes.
Seasonal occurrence and development of three closely related Oligonychus species (Acari: Tetranychidae) and their associated natural enemies on fagaceous trees.
Effects of 2,3 \' ,4,4 \' 5-pentachlorobiphenyl exposure during pregnancy on epigenetic imprinting and maturation of offspring \' s oocytes in mice.
Monitoring sexual steroids and cortisol at different stages of the ovarian cycle from two capuchin monkey species: use of non- or less invasive methods than blood sampling.
Bungarus caeruleus venom neutralization activity of Azima tetracantha Lam. Extract.
Blender interstitial volume: A novel virtual measurement of structural complexity applicable to marine benthic habitats.
Investigating the potential protective effects of natural product quercetin against imidacloprid-induced biochemical toxicity and DNA damage in adults rats.
Protective role of (Bronco-T) against formaldehyde induced antioxidant, oxidative and histopathological changes in lung of male Wistar rats.
Somatic mutations substantially increase the per-generation mutation rate in the conifer Picea sitchensis.
Primary processing neuropils associated with the malleoli of camel spiders (Arachnida, Solifugae): a re-evaluation of axonal pathways.
Genome Sequencing Revealed the Biotechnological Potential of an Obligate Thermophile Geobacillus thermoleovorans Strain RL Isolated from Hot Water Spring.
China National DNA Martyry: a beacon of hope for the martyrs \'  coming home.
Effect of alpha-glycosidase inhibitors from endophytic fungus Alternaria destruens on survival and development of insect pest Spodoptera litura Fab. and fungal phytopathogens.
The Goldilocks Window of Personalized Chemotherapy: Getting the Immune Response Just Right.
The appendicular morphology of Sinoburius lunaris and the evolution of the artiopodan clade Xandarellida (Euarthropoda, early Cambrian) from South China.
New ways to acquire resistance: imperfect convergence in insect adaptations to a potent plant toxin.
Galangin Activates Nrf2 Signaling and Attenuates Oxidative Damage, Inflammation, and Apoptosis in a Rat Model of Cyclophosphamide-Induced Hepatotoxicity.
Comparative Analysis of the Liver and Spleen Transcriptomes between Holstein and Yunnan Humped Cattle.
Response to Garcia and Dunn.
Unravelling intra- and intersegmental neuronal connectivity between central pattern generating networks in a multi-legged locomotor system.
Remote reefs and seamounts are the last refuges for marine predators across the Indo-Pacific.
Avian Binocularity and Adaptation to Nocturnal Environments: Genomic Insights from a Highly Derived Visual Phenotype.
Anti-cancerous Effect of Rutin Against HPV-C33A Cervical Cancer Cells via G0/G1 Cell Cycle Arrest and Apoptotic Induction
Proteomic Signatures in Spermatozoa Reveal the Role of Paternal Factors in Recurrent Pregnancy Loss.
Gene pool transmission of multidrug resistance among Campylobacter from livestock, sewage and human disease.
Quantifying the contribution of immigration to population dynamics: a review of methods, evidence and perspectives in birds and mammals.
A molecular analysis of sand fly blood meals in a visceral leishmaniasis endemic region of northwestern Ethiopia reveals a complex host-vector system.
Cytomegalovirus distribution and evolution in hominines.
Assessment of the current state of knowledge and risk factors of cervical cancer among women in the Buea Health District, Cameroon.
Anti-Aggregation Property of Allicin by In Vitro and Molecular Docking Studies.
Sublethal Pyrethroid Insecticide Exposure Carries Positive Fitness Effects Over Generations in a Pest Insect.
Ecological characterization of Heterorhabditis sonorensis (Caborca strain) (Nematoda: Heterorhabditidae), an entomopathogenic nematode from the Sonoran Desert.
The role of an overlooked adductor muscle in the feeding mechanism of ray-finned fishes: Predictions from simulations of a deep-sea viperfish.
Analysis of glycoconjugates and morphological characterization of the descending colon and rectum of the plains viscacha, Lagostomus maximus.
Lizard reproductive biology beyond the gonads: An investigation of sperm storage structures and renal sexual segments.
Extrinsic factors affecting cub development contribute to sexual size dimorphism in the European badger (Meles meles).
Antibacterial Activity and Cytocompatibility of Bone Cement Enriched with Antibiotic, Nanosilver, and Nanocopper for Bone Regeneration.
An Insight into the Proteome of Uveal Melanoma-Derived Ectosomes Reveals the Presence of Potentially Useful Biomarkers.
Nutritional and Bioactive Compounds in Mexican Lupin Beans Species: A Mini-Review.
Cytotoxic effects of mono- and di-rhamnolipids from Pseudomonas aeruginosa MR01 on MCF-7 human breast cancer cells.
Isotope fractionation approach to characterize the reactive transport processes governing the fate of hexachlorocyclohexanes at a contaminated site in India.
Seven new veratramine-type alkaloids with potent analgesic effect from Veratrum taliense.
Food-type may jeopardize biomarker interpretation in mussels used in aquatic toxicological experimentation.
Effects of Hexane Root Extract of Ferula hermonis Boiss. on Human Breast and Colon Cancer Cells: An In Vitro and In Vivo Study.
Oribatid mites reveal that competition for resources and trophic structure combine to regulate the assembly of diverse soil animal communities.
Migration distance does not predict blood parasitism in a migratory songbird.
Morphometric convergence among European sand gobies in freshwater (Gobiiformes: Gobionellidae).
Mechanisms that influence sex ratio variation in the invasive hymenopteran Sirex noctilio in South Africa.
Differences in seasonal survival suggest species-specific reactions to climate change in two sympatric bat species.
Parthenogenetic vs. sexual reproduction in oribatid mite communities.
Divergent selection along elevational gradients promotes genetic and phenotypic disparities among small mammal populations.
Contingency rules for pathogen competition and antagonism in a genetically based, plant defense hierarchy.
Local adaptation does not lead to genome-wide differentiation in lava flow lizards.
Valproate Exposure in ovo Attenuates the Acquisition of Social Preferences of Young Post-hatch Domestic Chicks.
Seasonal Dynamics, Record of Ticks Infesting Humans, Wild and Domestic Animals and Molecular Phylogeny of Rhipicephalus microplus in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan.
Description of Barathricolathermophilus, a new species from a deep-sea hydrothermal vent field in the Indian Ocean with redescription of the Barathricola type species (Crustacea, Copepoda, Cyclopoida).
New record of a parasitising species of Hydrachna (Acari, Hydrachnidia) on water beetles Eretesgriseus (Fabricius, 1781) (Coleoptera, Dytiscidae, Dytiscinae, Eretini).
Establishing arthropod community composition using metabarcoding: Surprising inconsistencies between soil samples and preservative ethanol and homogenate from Malaise trap catches.
Sentiment analysis as a measure of conservation culture in scientific literature.
Dissociation between Postrhinal Cortex and Downstream Parahippocampal Regions in the Representation of Egocentric Boundaries.
The Embryos of Turtles Can Influence Their Own Sexual Destinies.
Heterakis isolonche Linstow, 1906 - a new nematode species found in ornamental pheasants in Poland
Identification of a new type of haematopoietic progenitor kinase-interacting protein (HIP-55) in Aedes aegypti mosquito haemocytes and its involvement in immunity-like functions in mosquito: a molecular study.
Diverse picornaviruses are prevalent among free-living and laboratory rats (Rattus norvegicus) in Hungary and can cause disseminated infections.
Silicon dioxide nanoparticles ameliorate the phytotoxic hazards of aluminum in maize grown on acidic soil.
Survey of bioaccessible pyrethroid insecticides and sediment toxicity in urban streams of the northeast United States.
Illuminated night alters behaviour and negatively affects physiology and metabolism in diurnal zebra finches.
Facile synthesis of haemocyanin-capped zinc oxide nanoparticles: Effect on growth performance, digestive-enzyme activity, and immune responses of Penaeus semisulcatus.
Polydimethylsiloxane materials with supraphysiological elasticity enable differentiation of myogenic cells.
Health risk assessment of heavy metal accumulation in the Buriganga and Turag River systems for Puntius ticto, Heteropneustes fossilis, and Channa punctatus.
Re-examination of the phylogenetic relationships within the Gyliauchenidae Fukui, 1929 (Digenea) based on morphological and molecular evidence with a proposal for Paragyliaucheninae n. subfam. and a description of Flagellotrema convolutum Ozaki, 1936.
Drought tolerance improvement in plants: an endophytic bacterial approach.
The differential response of cold-experienced Arabidopsis thaliana to larval herbivory benefits an insect generalist, but not a specialist.
Species diversity of nematodes in domestic and wild ruminants of Armenia
Congruence Between Molecular Data and Morphology: Phylogenetic Position of Senodoniini (Coleoptera: Elateridae).
Phytoplankton responses to adaptive management interventions in eutrophic urban estuaries.
Biotoxicity and tissue-specific oxidative stress induced by Gemini surfactant as a protocol on fingerlings of Cirrhinus mrigala (Ham.): An integrated experimental and theoretical methodology.
Novel electrochemical sensing of galactose using GalOxNPs/CHIT modified pencil graphite electrode.
Anti-cancer, anti-biofilm, and anti-inflammatory properties of Hen \' s albumen: a photodynamic approach.
Human dimensions of wildlife conservation in Iran: Assessment of human-wildlife conflict in restoring a wide-ranging endangered species.
Chronic Toxicities of Neonicotinoids to Nymphs of the Common New Zealand Mayfly Deleatidium spp.
Dietary supplementation of barley and/or dates attenuate hypercholesterolemic-induced endometrial dysfunction in Wistar albino rats via alleviation of apoptotic pathways and enhancing oxidative capacity.
Accounting for Connectivity Uncertainties in Predicting Roadkills: a Comparative Approach between Path Selection Functions and Habitat Suitability Models.
Epidemiological investigations on Trypanosoma evansi infection in dromedary camels in the South of Algeria.
Anatomy and evolution of the first Coleoidea in the Carboniferous.
The transcriptome of Darwin \' s bark spider silk glands predicts proteins contributing to dragline silk toughness.
Description and ecophysiology of a new species of Syndesmis Silliman, 1881 (Rhabdocoela: Umagillidae) from the sea urchin Evechinus chloroticus (Valenciennes, 1846) Mortensen, 1943 in New Zealand.
Differences in infection patterns of vector-borne blood-stage parasites of sympatric Malagasy primate species (Microcebus murinus, M. ravelobensis).
Same but different: aquatic prey capture in paedomorphic and metamorphic Alpine newts.
The "amphi"-brains of amphipods: new insights from the neuroanatomy of Parhyale hawaiensis (Dana, 1853).
Grazing enhances species diversity in grassland communities.
A receptor tyrosine kinase plays separate roles in sensory integration and associative learning in C. elegans.
The prognostic value of JUNB-positive CTCs in metastatic breast cancer: from bioinformatics to phenotypic characterization.
Deep south-north genetic divergence in Godlewski \' s bunting (Emberiza godlewskii) related to uplift of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau and habitat preferences.
Hepatotoxicity and chromosomal abnormalities evaluation due to single and repeated oral exposures of chromium oxide nanoparticles in Wistar rats.
Toxicity response of highly colloidal, bioactive, monodisperse SiO2@ Pr(OH)3 hollow microspheres.
Lifelong Exposure to Dioxin-Like PCBs Alters Paternal Offspring Care Behavior and Reduces Male Fish Reproductive Success.
Range contraction of snow leopard (Panthera uncia).
Thermal physiological traits in tropical lowland amphibians: Vulnerability to climate warming and cooling.
Pubertal orchestration of hormones and testis in primates.
A high-fat diet rich in corn oil induces cardiac fibrosis in rats by activating JAK2/STAT3 and subsequent activation of ANG II/TGF-1beta/Smad3 pathway: The role of ROS and IL-6 trans-signaling.
The plant flavonoid, fisetin alleviates cigarette smoke-induced oxidative stress, and inflammation in Wistar rat lungs.
Induction of chromosomal and DNA damage and histological alterations by graphene oxide nanoparticles in Swiss mice.
Spatiotemporal variability in activity patterns of urban street cattle as function of environmental factors.
Correction to: Moringa seed extract alleviates titanium oxide nanoparticles (TiO2-NPs)-induced cerebral oxidative damage, and increases cerebral mitochondrial viability.
Acaricidal efficacy of Calotropis procera (Asclepiadaceae) and Taraxacum officinale (Asteraceae) against Rhipicephalus microplus from Mardan, Pakistan.
An integrated chromosome-scale genome assembly of the Masai giraffe (Giraffa camelopardalis tippelskirchi).
Discovery and description of a mysterious Asian flying squirrel (Rodentia, Sciuridae, Biswamoyopterus) from Mount Gaoligong, southwest China.
Dynamic PGAM5 multimers dephosphorylate BCL-xL or FUNDC1 to regulate mitochondrial and cellular fate.
Role of the kidneys in the redistribution of heme-derived iron during neonatal hemolysis in mice.
Daphnia stressor database: Taking advantage of a decade of Daphnia  \' -omics \'  data for gene annotation.
Variation in the prion protein gene (PRNP) sequence of wild deer in Great Britain and mainland Europe.
Development of a theoretical model for the inhibition of nsP3 protease of Chikungunya virus using pyranooxazoles.
Differential Inhibition of Target Gene Expression by Human microRNAs.
A Species of the Genus Eubulus (Coleoptera: Curculionidae): A New and More Destructive Cassava Pest in the Brazilian Cerrado.
Lessons for conservation management: Monitoring temporal changes in genetic diversity of Cape mountain zebra (Equus zebra zebra).
Release of munitions constituents in aquatic environments under realistic scenarios and validation of polar organic chemical integrative samplers (POCIS) for monitoring.
Hypoxia alters the thermogenic response to cold in adult homeothermic and heterothermic rodents.
Triggering of apoptosis and cell cycle arrest by fennel and clove oils in Caco-2 cells: the role of combination.
 \' Ghost introgression \'  as a cause of deep mitochondrial divergence in a bird species complex.
Multilocus Analysis Resolves the European Finch Epidemic Strain of Trichomonas gallinae and Suggests Introgression from Divergent Trichomonads.
Sunscreen-induced expression and identification of photosensitive marker proteins in human keratinocytes under UV radiation.
Prior Dengue Virus Infection Is Associated With Increased Viral Load in Patients Infected With Dengue but Not Zika Virus.
Sinopyrophorinae, a new subfamily of Elateridae (Coleoptera, Elateroidea) with the first record of a luminous click beetle in Asia and evidence for multiple origins of bioluminescence in Elateridae.
Artificial Light at Night Promotes Activity Throughout the Night in Nesting Common Swifts (Apus apus).
An upper bound for the background rate of human extinction.
Reply to Auerbach et al.: How our Opinion piece invites collaboration.
A weapons-testes trade-off in males is amplified in female traits.
Character displacement of a learned behaviour and its implications for ecological speciation.
The ecological and epidemiological consequences of reproductive interference between the vectors Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus.
Helminthiasis among School-Age Children and Hygiene Conditions of Selected Schools in Lafia, Nasarawa State, Nigeria.
Morphological and molecular characterization of Apatemon sp. infecting killifish in Mozambique.
Evolutionary potential for genomic islands of sexual divergence on recombining sex chromosomes.
The challenge of invasive mosquito vectors in the U.K. during 2016-2018: a summary of the surveillance and control of Aedes albopictus.
Acylated Ghrelin Renders Chemosensitive Ovarian Cancer Cells Resistant to Cisplatin Chemotherapy via Activation of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR Survival Pathway.
Inhibition of super enhancer downregulates the expression of KLF5 in basal-like breast cancers.
Ilamycin E, a natural product of marine actinomycete, inhibits triple-negative breast cancer partially through ER stress-CHOP-Bcl-2.
Curcumol: From Plant Roots to Cancer Roots.
Stability of buried and networked salt-bridges (BNSB)in thermophilic proteins.
Molecular characterization of leaf spot fungi using internal transcribed spacer (ITS) based phylogenetic inference.
Identification of potential drug targets and vaccine candidates in Clostridium botulinum using subtractive genomics approach.
New record of Trichodina unionis (Ciliophora, Trichodinidae) from freshwater gastropods in Bangkok, Thailand.
Small Molecule Glycomimetics Inhibit Vascular Calcification via c-Met/Notch3/HES1 Signalling.
Trolox prevents high glucose-induced apoptosis in rat myocardial H9c2 cells by regulating GLUT-4 and antioxidant defense mechanism.
Forecasting species range dynamics with process-explicit models: matching methods to applications.
A highly resolved food web for insect seed predators in a species-rich tropical forest.
Uncovering the rules of microbial community invasions.
Taxonomy of Arabian Temnothorax Mayr (Formicidae: Myrmicinae) with description of a new species enhanced by x-ray microtomography.
Disturbance modifies payoffs in the explore-exploit trade-off.
Seasonal and habitat effects on the nutritional properties of savanna vegetation: Potential implications for early hominin dietary ecology.
Current versus future reproductive investment adaptive responses in adult Anopheles coluzzii malaria mosquitoes: hydric-stressed males give it all.
The Jewel Wasp Standard Brain: Average shape atlas and morphology of the female Nasonia vitripennis brain.
Using controlled vocabularies in anatomical terminology: A case study with Strumigenys (Hymenoptera: Formicidae).
Lack of reproducibility of molecular phylogenetic analysis of Cyclopoida.
Ultrasonic vocalization of pup and adult fat-tailed gerbils (Pachyuromys duprasi).
Prevalence and Risk Factors Associated with S. haematobium Egg Excretion during the Dry Season, Six Months following Mass Distribution of Praziquantel (PZQ) in 2017 in the Bafia Health Area, South West Region Cameroon: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Extreme Environment Streptomyces: Potential Sources for New Antibacterial and Anticancer Drug Leads?
Modeling Top-Down and Bottom-Up Drivers of a Regime Shift in Invasive Aquatic Plant Stable States.
Assessing the Hybrid Effects of Neutral and Niche Processes on Gut Microbiome Influenced by HIV Infection.
Influence of Micronutrients on the Food Consumption Rate and Silk Production of Bombyx mori (Lepidoptera: Bombycidae) Reared on Mulberry Plants Grown in a Mountainous Agro-Ecological Condition.
Segregation of Unknown Odors From Mixtures Based on Stimulus Onset Asynchrony in Honey Bees.
Analysis of salt-bridges in prolyl oligopeptidase from Pyrococcus furiosus and Homo sapiens.
Dtar-Finder: program for drug target identification and characterization in bacteria.
Sexual selection predicts the persistence of populations within altered environments.
Ameliorative impact of cold-pressed Rosmarinus officinalis oil against liver toxicity and genotoxic effects in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and their offspring.
Downregulation of mTOR Signaling Increases Stem Cell Population Telomere Length during Starvation of Immortal Planarians.
Links between personality, early natal nutrition and survival of a threatened bird.
Bridging the divide between scientists and decision-makers: how behavioural ecologists can increase the conservation impact of their research?
Integrating models of human behaviour between the individual and population levels to inform conservation interventions.
The within-population variability of leaf spring and autumn phenology is influenced by temperature in temperate deciduous trees.
On the fracture resistance of dragonfly wings.
Storm petrels as indicators of pelagic seabird exposure to chemical elements in the Antarctic marine ecosystem.
Rapid acquisition of memory in a complex landscape by a mule deer.
A graph representation of functional diversity of brain regions.
Epigallocatechin gallate attenuates arsenic induced genotoxicity via regulation of oxidative stress in balb/C mice.
How conflict shapes evolution in poeciliid fishes.
Stabilizing heterochromatin by DGCR8 alleviates senescence and osteoarthritis.
Liraglutide treatment effects on rat ovarian and uterine tissues.
Species of Characidotrema Paperna &amp; Thurston, 1968 (Monogenea: Dactylogyridae) from fishes of the Alestidae (Characiformes) in Africa: new species, host-parasite associations and first insights into the phylogeny of the genus.
The genome of the live-bearing fish Heterandria formosa implicates a role of conserved vertebrate genes in the evolution of placental fish.
Using Gamma Irradiated Galleria mellonella L. and Plodia interpunctella (Hubner) Larvae to Optimize Mass Rearing of Parasitoid Habrobracon hebetor (Say) (Hymenoptera: Braconidae).
Transcriptomic and Proteomic Analysis of the Tentacles and Mucus of Anthopleura dowii Verrill, 1869.
Biocompatibility and biodegradability of filler encapsulated chloroacetated natural rubber/polyvinyl alcohol nanofiber for wound dressing.
Background selection and FST : Consequences for detecting local adaptation.
Meckel \' s diverticulum and the eponymous legend.
Genome-wide evidence supports mitochondrial relationships and pervasive parallel phenotypic evolution in open-habitat chats.
Molecular phylogeny and biogeography of the land snail subfamily Leptaxinae (Gastropoda: Hygromiidae).
Three-player repeated games with an opt-out option.
Peramorphosis, an evolutionary developmental mechanism in neotropical bat skull diversity.
Buccal dental microwear as an indicator of dietary habits and dietary adaptation of the Byzantine people of Jordan.
Cyclins regulating oocyte meiotic cell cycle progression.
Spatial and temporal variation of ecosystem properties at macroscales.
Conversion of organic biomedical waste into potential fertilizer using isolated organisms from cow dung for a cleaner environment.
Mass mortality of fish and water quality assessment in the tropical Adyar estuary, South India.
Diversity and Ecology of Sand Flies (Diptera: Psychodidae), Potential Vectors of Leishmania in the Quang Ninh Province, Vietnam.
Widespread Report of Multiple Insecticide Resistance in Anopheles gambiae s.l. Mosquitoes in Eight Communities in Southern Gombe, North-Eastern Nigeria.
Evidence of Crimean-Congo Haemorrhagic Fever Virus Occurrence in Ixodidae Ticks of Armenia.
Evidence of strong stabilizing effects on the evolution of boreoeutherian (Mammalia) dental proportions.
Consequences of intraspecific variation in seed dispersal for plant demography, communities, evolution and global change.
Modulating Oxidative Stress in Drug-Induced Injury and Metabolic Disorders: The Role of Natural and Synthetic Antioxidants.
A new genus and two new species of miniature clingfishes from temperate southern Australia (Teleostei, Gobiesocidae).
Multiphase progenetic development shaped the brain of flying archosaurs.
Blastocyst activation engenders transcriptome reprogram affecting X-chromosome reactivation and inflammatory trigger of implantation.
Cytotoxic and genotoxic effects of arsenic on erythrocytes of Oryzias latipes: Bioremediation using Spirulina platensis.
Chronic exposure of Oreochromis niloticus to sub-lethal copper concentrations: Effects on growth, antioxidant, non-enzymatic antioxidant, oxidative stress and non-specific immune responses.
Current Status and Future Perspective for Research on Medicinal Plants with Anticancerous Activity and Minimum Cytotoxic Value
Accumulation of Microcystin-LR in Grains of Two Rice Varieties (Oryza sativa L.) and a Leafy Vegetable, Ipomoea aquatica.
GA-binding protein GABPbeta1 is required for the proliferation of neural stem/progenitor cells.
Effects of elephant \' s foot (Elephantopus scaber) extract on growth performance, immune response, and disease resistance of nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) fingerlings.
Day and night use of habitats by northern pintails during winter in a primary rice-growing region of Iberia.
Complementary approaches to tooth wear analysis in Tritylodontidae (Synapsida, Mammaliamorpha) reveal a generalist diet.
The what and where of primate field research may be failing primate conservation.
Antitumor activity of saponin isolated from the sea cucumber, holothuria arenicola against ehrlich ascites carcinoma cells in swiss albino mice.
Design, Synthesis, and Biological Characterization of Orally Active 17beta-Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase Type 2 Inhibitors Targeting the Prevention of Osteoporosis.
The Therapeutic Mechanisms of Propolis Against CCl4 -Mediated Liver Injury by Mediating Apoptosis of Activated Hepatic Stellate Cells and Improving the Hepatic Architecture through PI3K/AKT/mTOR, TGF-beta/Smad2, Bcl2/BAX/P53 and iNOS Signaling Pathways.
Evaluating the Effect of Honey Bee (Apis mellifera) Queen Reproductive State on Pheromone-Mediated Interactions with Male Drone Bees.
In Vitro Anticancer MCF-7, Anti-Inflammatory, and Brine Shrimp Lethality Assay (BSLA) and GC-MS Analysis of Whole Plant Butanol Fraction of Rheum ribes (WBFRR).
Conservation and flexibility in the gene regulatory landscape of heliconiine butterfly wings.
Comparative and Interactive Biochemical Effects of Sub-Lethal Concentrations of Cadmium and Lead on Some Tissues of the African Catfish (Clarias gariepinus).
Aphaenogasterillyrica, a new species from the mountains of the Balkan Peninsula (Hymenoptera, Formicidae).
On the genera Qiongocera and Relictocera (Araneae, Psilodercidae) from Southeast Asia.
Soil nematode abundance and functional group composition at a global scale.
Age, sex, adult and larval diet shape starvation resistance in the Mediterranean fruit fly: an ecological and gerontological perspective.
Comparison of ultraconserved elements (UCEs) to microsatellite markers for the study of avian hybrid zones: a test in Aphelocoma jays.
Polycystic ovary syndrome dependency on mtDNA mutation; copy Number and its association with insulin resistance.
Bitter gourd (Momordica charantia) possess developmental toxicity as revealed by screening the seeds and fruit extracts in zebrafish embryos.
Genomic differentiation tracks earth-historic isolation in an Indo-Australasian archipelagic pitta (Pittidae; Aves) complex.
Synanthropic triatomines (Hemiptera: Reduviidae): infestation, colonization, and natural infection by trypanosomatids in the State of Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil.
Global spatial risk assessment of sharks under the footprint of fisheries.
High colonization rate of a novel carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella lineage among migratory birds at Qinghai Lake, China.
Characterization and Biological Action of Avermectin Granules on the Moroccan Locust, Dociostaurus maroccanus (Orthoptera: Acrididae).
Gaining ecological insight on dietary allocation among horseshoe bats through molecular primer combination.
Ultrastructural changes in fin epithelium of Channa punctatus (Bloch) exposed to mercuric chloride: sem study.
Artificial selection on brain size leads to matching changes in overall number of neurons.
Evolutionary signatures of photoreceptor transmutation in geckos reveal potential adaptation and convergence with snakes.
Correction to: Epigenetic regulation of neuronal immediate early genes is associated with decline in their expression and memory consolidation in scopolamine-induced amnesic mice.
Color preference and spatial distribution of glaphyrid beetles suggest a key role in the maintenance of the color polymorphism in the peacock anemone (Anemone pavonina, Ranunculaceae) in Northern Greece.
Cystic echinococcosis in wild boars (Sus scrofa) from southern Italy: Epidemiological survey and molecular characterization.
The Exaptation of HERV-H: Evolutionary Analyses Reveal the Genomic Features of Highly Transcribed Elements.
The antipsychotic agent flupentixol is a new PI3K inhibitor and potential anticancer drug for lung cancer.
Author Correction: Mapping the world \' s free-flowing rivers.
Adaptive responses of animals to climate change are most likely insufficient.
Temperature- versus precipitation-limitation shape local temperature tolerance in a Holarctic freshwater crustacean.
Of eyes and embryos: subfunctionalization of the CRX homeobox gene in mammalian evolution.
Long-term fire resilience of the Ericaceous Belt, Bale Mountains, Ethiopia.
Antarctic Futures: An Assessment of Climate-Driven Changes in Ecosystem Structure, Function, and Service Provisioning in the Southern Ocean.
The First Co-Opted Endogenous Foamy Viruses and the Evolutionary History of Reptilian Foamy Viruses.
New Antiproliferative Cembrane Diterpenes from the Red Sea Sarcophyton Species.
Mycotoxin Contamination of Edible Non-Timber Forest Products in Cameroon.
Analysis of Chemical Composition and Assessment of Cytotoxic, Antimicrobial, and Antioxidant Activities of the Essential Oil of Meriandra dianthera Growing in Saudi Arabia.
Leaf venation networks of Bornean trees: images and hand-traced segmentations.
ZC4H2 stabilizes RNF220 to pattern ventral spinal cord through modulating Shh/Gli signaling.
The phylogenetic position of Anacanthorus (Monogenea, Dactylogyridae) parasitizing Brazilian serrasalmids (Characiformes).
Redescription and molecular analysis of Neoechinorhynchus (Neoechinorhynchus) johnii Yamaguti, 1939 (Acanthocephala, Neoechinorhynchidae) from the Pacific Ocean off Vietnam.
Fudania jinshanensis gen. nov., sp. nov., isolated from faeces of the Tibetan antelope (Pantholops hodgsonii) in China.
Ameliorative effects of oral ginger and/or thyme aqueous extracts on productive and reproductive performance of V-line male rabbits.
Altered parasite community structure in an endangered marsupial following translocation.
Interferon-Inducible Protein 16 (IFI16) Has a Broad-Spectrum Binding Ability Against ssDNA Targets: An Evolutionary Hypothesis for Antiretroviral Checkpoint.
Deciphering Biological Processes at the Tick-Host Interface Opens New Strategies for Treatment of Human Diseases.
Sarothrogammarusyiiruae, a new species of Amphipoda (Gammaridae) from China.
Free radical scavenging and some pharmaceutical utilities of nanoparticles in the recent scenario.
Large herbivore assemblages in a changing climate: incorporating water dependence and thermoregulation.
Cholinesterase inhibition and its association with hematological, biochemical and oxidative stress markers in chronic pesticide exposed agriculture workers.
Environmental heterogeneity and not vicariant biogeographic barriers generate community-wide population structure in desert-adapted snakes.
Documenting lemming population change in the Arctic: Can we detect trends?
Rutin and Selenium Co-administration Reverse 3-Nitropropionic Acid-Induced Neurochemical and Molecular Impairments in a Mouse Model of Huntington \' s Disease.
Genetic and systemic toxicity induced by silver and copper oxide nanoparticles, and their mixture in Clarias gariepinus (Burchell, 1822).
Identification of a novel species of Eimeria Schneider, 1875 from the woylie, Bettongia penicillata Gray (Diprotodontia: Potoroidae) and the genetic characterisation of three Eimeria spp. from other potoroid marsupials.
The Morphological and Molecular Description of Acanthogyrus (Acanthosentis) fusiformis n. sp. (Acanthocephala: Quadrigyridae) from the Catfish Arius sp. (Ariidae) in the Pacific Ocean off Vietnam, with Notes on Zoogeography.
Eye Degeneration and Loss of otx5b Expression in the Cavefish Sinocyclocheilus tileihornes.
Red Listing can protect deep-sea biodiversity.
S-glycosylation-based cysteine profiling reveals regulation of glycolysis by itaconate.
Temperature and insulin signaling regulate body size in Hydra by the Wnt and TGF-beta pathways.
Reduced Glycolysis Contributed to Inhibition of Testis Spermatogenesis in Rats After Chronic Methamphetamine Exposure.
Rhipicephalus sanguineus sensu lato from dogs and dromedary camels in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia: low prevalence of vector-borne pathogens in dogs detected using multiplexed tandem PCR panel.
Ambient pH Alters the Protein Content of Outer Membrane Vesicles, Driving Host Development in a Beneficial Symbiosis.
Corrigendum to "PLGA nanoformulation of sparfloxacin enhanced antibacterial activity with photoprotective potential under ambient UV-R exposure" [Int. J. Pharm. 541 (2018) 173-187].
Effect of incubation temperature on sex-dependent embryo mortality and morphological traits in Mallard.
Physiological response and miRNA-mRNA interaction analysis in the head kidney of rainbow trout exposed to acute heat stress.
Efficacy of nanoencapsulated pelargonidin in ameliorating pesticide toxicity in fish and L6 cells: Modulation of oxidative stress and signalling cascade.
Subchronic Oral Cadmium Exposure Exerts both Stimulatory and Suppressive Effects on Pulmonary Inflammation/Immune Reactivity in Rats.
Regeneration of caudal fin in Poecilia latipinna: Insights into the progressive tissue morphogenesis.
Genomic Organization of Repetitive DNA Elements and Extensive Karyotype Diversity of Silurid Catfishes (Teleostei: Siluriformes): A Comparative Cytogenetic Approach.
Purification and biochemical characterisation of a putative sodium channel agonist secreted from the South African Knobbly sea anemone Bunodosoma capense.
Frequent or scarce? Damage to flight-enabling body parts in bats (Chiroptera).
Combining stable isotope analysis with DNA metabarcoding improves inferences of trophic ecology.
Whatever you want: Inconsistent results are the rule, not the exception, in the study of primate brain evolution.
Inertia in CITES nomenclature.
Specialization and niche overlap across spatial scales: Revealing ecological factors shaping species richness and coexistence in Australian songbirds.
Evolutionary Dynamics of Sex Chromosomes of Paleognathous Birds.
In-vitro differentiation of early pig spermatogenic cells to haploid germ cells.
Toll-like receptor 4 polymorphisms in Saudi population with cardiovascular diseases.
A new case of kleptoplasty in animals: Marine flatworms steal functional plastids from diatoms.
Call a spade a spade: taxonomy and distribution of Pelobates, with description of a new Balkan endemic.
The Polycomb Repressor Complex 1 Drives Double-Negative Prostate Cancer Metastasis by Coordinating Stemness and Immune Suppression.
Taxidermy and the clinic.
Temporal processing properties of auditory DUM neurons in a bush-cricket.
Global evaluation of heavy metal content in surface water bodies: A meta-analysis using heavy metal pollution indices and multivariate statistical analyses.
The puzzle of locust density-dependent phase polyphenism.
Further analyses on the phylogeny of the subclass Scuticociliatia (Protozoa, Ciliophora) based on both nuclear and mitochondrial data.
Comet assay genotoxicity evaluation of occupationally exposed tea-garden workers in northern West Bengal, India.
Phylovenomics of Daboia russelii across the Indian subcontinent. Bioactivities and comparative in vivo neutralization and in vitro third-generation antivenomics of antivenoms against venoms from India, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.
Physiological, behavioral and environmental factors influence bifurcated circadian entrainment in mice.
Integrating three comprehensive data sets shows that mitochondrial DNA variation is linked to species traits and paleogeographic events in European butterflies.
Lack of gene flow: Narrow and dispersed differentiation islands in a triplet of Leptidea butterfly species.
Low-dose quercetin positively regulates mouse healthspan.
How Ponto-Caspian invaders affect local parasite communities of native fish.
Measuring Terrestrial Area of Habitat (AOH) and Its Utility for the IUCN Red List.
Furanoic Lipid F-6, A Novel Anti-Cancer Compound that Kills Cancer Cells by Suppressing Proliferation and Inducing Apoptosis.
Genome Analysis of A Novel South African Cydia pomonella granulovirus (CpGV-SA) with Resistance-Breaking Potential.
Plan S and publishing: reply to Lehtomaki et al. 2019.
More than the eye can see: Genomic insights into the drivers of genetic differentiation in Royal/Macaroni penguins across the Southern Ocean.
A demonstration of unsupervised machine learning in species delimitation.
Role of Myeloperoxidase of northern snakehead (Channa argus) in Aeromonas veronii infection.
Adaptations of dragonfly larvae and their exuviae (Insecta: Odonata), attachment devices and their crucial role during emergence.
The joint evolution of cooperation and competition.
First molecular phylogeny of Paralucilia Brauer &amp; Bergenstamm, 1891 (Insecta, Diptera, Calliphoridae): A preliminary approach.
Measuring continuous compositional change using decline and decay in zeta diversity.
Closed-loop optogenetic activation of peripheral or central neurons modulates feeding in freely moving Drosophila.
Molecular mechanism of Forkhead box M1 inhibition by thiostrepton in breast cancer cells.
Age at Menarche and Risk of Respiratory Diseases.
Toxicity of atrazine and the products of its homogeneous photocatalytic degradation on the aquatic organisms Lemna minor and Daphnia magna.
Inhibition of Rac1-dependent forgetting alleviates memory deficits in animal models of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Optical coherence tomography in forensic sciences: a review of the literature.
Transition to lead-free ammunition benefits all.
The expression patterns of SNMP1 and SNMP2 underline distinct functions of two CD36-related proteins in the olfactory system of the tobacco budworm Heliothis virescens.
Electrochemical biosensing of mosquito-borne viral disease, dengue: A review.
Flavonols and 4-thioflavonols as potential acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase inhibitors: Synthesis, structure-activity relationship and molecular docking studies.
Effects of single and repeated drought on soil microarthropods in a semi-arid ecosystem depend more on timing and duration than drought severity.
A case of silent invasion: Citizen science confirms the presence of Harmonia axyridis (Coleoptera, Coccinellidae) in Central America.
Influence of infant feeding practices on the occurrence of malnutrition, malaria and anaemia in children &lt;=5 years in the Mount Cameroon area: A cross sectional study.
Pest consumption in a vineyard system by the lesser horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus hipposideros).
Functional expression of electrogenic sodium bicarbonate cotransporter 1 (NBCe1) in mouse cortical astrocytes is dependent on S255-257 and regulated by mTOR.
Gene expression during genital morphogenesis in the ground beetle Carabus maiyasanus.
Ethanolic extract of leaf of Dillenia pentagyna reduces in-vitro cell migration and induces intrinsic pathway of apoptosis via downregulation of NF-kappabeta in human NSCLC A549 cells.
The adult musculature of two pseudostomid species reveals unique patterns for flatworms (Platyhelminthes, Prolecithophora).
Periodicity of the growth-band formation in vertebrae of juvenile scalloped hammerhead shark Sphyrna lewini from the Mexican Pacific Ocean.
Novel diversity in mitochondrial genomes of deep-sea Pennatulacea (Cnidaria: Anthozoa: Octocorallia).
Identification and temporal expression profiles of cuticular proteins in the endoparasitoid wasp, Microplitis mediator.
Pulsatile urea excretion in Gulf toadfish: the role of circulating serotonin and additional 5-HT receptor subtypes.
Metabolic traits specific for lipid-overproducing strain of Mucor circinelloides WJ11 identified by genome-scale modeling approach.
The interaction between microRNA-152 and DNA methyltransferase-1 as an epigenetic prognostic biomarker in HCV-induced liver cirrhosis and HCC patients.
The genome assembly of asparagus bean, Vigna unguiculata ssp. sesquipedialis.
Metagenomic Next-Generation Sequencing of the 2014 Ebola Virus Disease Outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
A novel mechanism of mixing by pulsing corals.
Reorientation and propulsion in fast-starting zebrafish larvae: an inverse dynamics analysis.
The first evidence of global meat phosphoproteome changes in response to pre-slaughter stress.
Influenza Virus-Like Particles Presenting both Toxoplasma gondii ROP4 and ROP13 Enhance Protection against T. gondii Infection.
Comprehensive analysis of long noncoding RNAs and mRNAs expression profiles and functional networks during chondrogenic differentiation of murine ATDC5 cells.
RepSox Increases Porcine Cloning Efficiency by Improving Pluripotency of Donor Nuclei.
The inherent multidimensionality of temporal variability: how common and rare species shape stability patterns.
Asymmetric interference competition and niche partitioning between native and invasive Anolis lizards.
Up for grabs: prey herding by penguins facilitates shallow foraging by volant seabirds.
Human plague system associated with rodent diversity and other environmental factors.
Gene profiling of head mesoderm in early zebrafish development: insights into the evolution of cranial mesoderm.
Prevalence of viral and non-viral hepatitis in Menoua Division, West Region, Cameroon: a retrospective hospital-based study.
Morphological and molecular analyses reveal two new insular species of Cnemaspis Strauch, 1887 (Squamata, Gekkonidae) from Satun Province, southern Thailand.
Phylogenetic insight of Nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) Adenylate domain in Antibacterial potential Streptomyces BDUSMP 02 isolated from Pitchavaram Mangrove.
The battle to rebuild centuries of science after an epic inferno.
Circulating IGF-1 promotes prostate adenocarcinoma via FOXO3A/BIM signaling in a double-transgenic mouse model.
Parallel measurement of IFN-gamma and IP-10 in QuantiFERON -TB Gold (QFT) plasma improves the detection of Mycobacterium bovis infection in African buffaloes (Syncerus caffer).
Enhanced Natamycin production by Streptomyces natalensis in shake-flasks and stirred tank bioreactor under batch and fed-batch conditions.
How smooth is a dolphin? The ridged skin of odontocetes.
The internal CO2 threat to fish: high PCO2 in the digestive tract.
Distinct Nuclear Organization of Telomeresand Centromeres in Monoclonal Gammopathyof Undetermined Significance and Multiple Myeloma.
Protective effect of p53 knockout on 4-nonylphenol-induced nephrotoxicity in medaka (Oryzias latipes).
False positives from impurities result in incorrect functional characterization of receptors in chemosensory studies.
Trait-based functional dietary analysis provides a better insight into the foraging ecology of bats.
Domestication of Campylobacter jejuni NCTC 11168.
Dimeric Pyranonaphthoquinone Glycosides with Anti-HIV and Cytotoxic Activities from a Soil-Derived Streptomyces.
Effect of temperature on antioxidant defense and innate immunity in Brandt \' s voles.
Natural history of Valentin \' s rock lizard (Darevskia valentini) in Armenia.
An"impact"in publishing.
Histopathological changes induced by the digenean intestinal parasite Masenia nkomatiensis Dumbo, Dos Santos, &amp; Avenant-Oldewage, 2019 of the catfish Clarias gariepinus (Burchell) from Incomati Basin, Mozambique.
Application of Organic Fertilizers Affect the Citrus Leafminer, Phyllocnistis citrella (Lepidoptera: Gracillariidae) Infestation and Citrus Canker Disease in Nursery Plantations.
Malaria prevalence in Malakand district, the north western region of Pakistan.
New fossil cichlid from the middle Miocene of East Africa revealed as oldest known member of the Oreochromini.
Comparative study of biochemical, histological and molecular biomarkers of heavy metal contamination in Cyprinus carpio collected from warm-monomictic lake and government culture pond.
Assessment on the prevalence and risk factors of gastrointestinal parasites on schoolchildren at Bochesa Elementary School, around Lake Zwai, Ethiopia.
Osteoblast-derived NOTUM reduces cortical bone mass in mice and the NOTUM locus is associated with bone mineral density in humans.
The size and composition of polymeric nanocapsules dictate their interaction with macrophages and biodistribution in zebrafish.
Identification of the amino acids in the Major Histocompatibility Complex class II region of Scottish Blackface sheep that are associated with resistance to nematode infection.
Assessment of spring water microbiology and role of Typha angustata as biosorbent.
Eristalinus arvorum (Fabricius, 1787) (Diptera: Syrphidae) in Human Skull: A New Fly Species of Forensic Importance.
A Systematic Bioinformatics Approach to Motif-Based Analysis of Human Locus Control Regions.
Using Unmanned Aerial Vehicle with Thermal-image Acquisition Camera for Animal Survey -A Case Study on the Sichuan Snub-nosed monkeys in Mt. Qinling.
Identifying the spatiotemporal clusters of plague occurrences in China during the Third Pandemic.
NEK5 regulates cell cycle progression during mouse oocyte maturation and preimplantation embryonic development.
OakEcol: A database of Oak-associated biodiversity within the UK.
Population demography of Oldham \' s leaf turtle (Cyclemys oldhamii) in protected and disturbed habitats in Thailand.
Study on survival, growth, haematology and body composition of Cyprinus carpio under different acute and chronic salinity regimes.
Bioaccumulation of heavy metals in Channa punctatus (Bloch) in river Ramganga (U.P.), India.
Diversity of feeding habitats and diet composition in the turtle doves Streptopelia turtur to buffer loss and modification of natural habitats during breeding season.
Waterpipe smoking as a public health risk: Potential risk for transmission of MERS-CoV.
Amphibians of Santa Teresa, Brazil: the hotspot further evaluated.
A new genus of Pelecotominae from Mexico, with notes on the genera Clinops and Scotoscopus and the description of new species (Coleoptera, Ripiphoridae).
A review of the genus Lankaphthona Medvedev, 2001, with comments on the modified phallobase and the unique abdominal appendage of L.binotata (Baly) (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae, Galerucinae, Alticini).
Pharmacokinetics profile of serum and cellular Sofosbuvir along with its concentration effect analysis in HCV patients receiving Sofosbuvir and Ribavirin.
Molecular identification of blaCTX-M and blaTEM genes among multi-drug resistant Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli isolated from children.
A New Enantiornithine Bird with Unusual Pedal Proportions Found in Amber.
Prevalence and associated risk factors of Toxocara infection in dogs in northern and southern Egypt.
The evolution of infanticide by females in mammals.
An initial study of insect succession on pig carcasses in open pastures in the northwest of Uruguay.
Causes of variability in male vibratory signals and the role of female choice in Mantophasmatodea.
Paraquat induced impaired reproductive function and modulation of retinal and extra-retinal photoreceptors in Japanese quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica).
AI- modelling of molecular identification and feminization of wolbachia infected Aedes aegypti.
MicroRNA-1976 regulates degeneration of the sinoatrial node by targeting Cav1.2 and Cav1.3 ion channels.
Evaporative cooling provides a major metabolic energy sink.
Bone microstructure of mice after prolonged taurine treatment.
Environmentally responsive and anti-bugs textile finishes - Recent trends, challenges, and future perspectives.
Limits and patterns of acid-base regulation during elevated environmental CO2 in fish.
Allergenomics of the tick Ixodes ricinus reveals important alpha-Gal-carrying IgE-binding proteins in red meat allergy.
Secreted frizzled-related protein 4 and its implication in obesity and type-2 diabetes.
Where to forage when afraid: Does perceived risk impair use of the foodscape?
Curcumin-loaded self-emulsifying drug delivery system (cu-SEDDS): a promising approach for the control of primary pathogen and secondary bacterial infections in cutaneous leishmaniasis.
Peripheral Expression of Mutant Huntingtin is a Critical Determinant of Weight Loss and Metabolic Disturbances in Huntington \' s Disease.
Insulin resistance in prostate cancer patients and predisposing them to acute ischemic heart disease.
Detection of OXA-48-like-producing Enterobacterales in Irish recreational water.
Infection status of commercial fish with cystacanth larvae of the genus Corynosoma (Acanthocephala: Polymorphidae) in Hokkaido, Japan.
Nuclear and mitochondrial marker sequences reveal close relationship between Coronocyclus coronatus and a potential Cylicostephanus calicatus cryptic species complex.
Cardiomyocyte targeted overexpression of IGF1 during detraining restores compromised cardiac condition via mTORC2 mediated switching of PKCdelta to PKCalpha.
Global distribution of Trebouxiophyceae diversity explored by high-throughput sequencing and phylogenetic approaches.
Lizards possess the most complete tetrapod Hox gene repertoire despite pervasive structural changes in Hox clusters.
SSBP1 mutations in dominant optic atrophy with variable retinal degeneration.
Effects of Abnormal Muscle Forces on Prenatal Joint Morphogenesis in Mice.
Biomass-dependent emission of environmental DNA in jack mackerel Trachurus japonicus juveniles.
Amphistomes.
Antidiabetic, antioxidant, molecular docking and HPTLC analysis of miquelianin isolated from Euphorbia schimperi C. Presl.
Author Correction: Convergence and divergence of songs suggests ongoing, but annually variable, mixing of humpback whale populations throughout the North Pacific.
Ancient cattle genomics, origins, and rapid turnover in the Fertile Crescent.
Draft Genome Sequence of Deinococcus sp. Strain S9, Isolated from Microbial Mat Deposits of Hot Springs Located atop the Himalayan Ranges at Manikaran, India.
Encircling granulosa cells protects against di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate-induced apoptosis in rat oocytes cultured in vitro.
Multiple origins of melanism in two species of North American tree squirrel (Sciurus).
Dissociation of circadian activity and singing behavior from gene expression rhythms in the hypothalamus, song control nuclei and cerebellum in diurnal zebra finches.
The Dancing Star: Reinvestigation of Artodiscus saltans (Variosea, Amoebozoa) Penard 1890.
A Nuclear Zip Code in SKS1 mRNA Promotes Its Slow Export, Nuclear Retention, and Degradation by the Nuclear Exosome/DRN in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Living specimens under field immobilization and smartphone microscopic observation.
Transmission and Predictors of Burden of Lungworms of the Striped Dolphin (Stenella coeruleoalba) in the Western Mediterranean.
Therapeutic potential and underlying mechanism of sarcosine (N-methylglycine) in N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor hypofunction models of schizophrenia.
Exome sequence analysis in consanguineous Pakistani families inheriting Bardet-Biedle syndrome determined founder effect of mutation c.299delC (p.Ser100Leufs*24) in BBS9 gene.
Variable hybridization outcomes in trout are predicted by historical fish stocking and environmental context.
Vision evaluation by functional observational battery, operant behavior test, and light/dark box test in retinal dystrophic RCS rats versus normal rats.
Marshland restoration benefits Collembola recruitment: a long-term chronosequence study in Sanjiang mire marshland, China.
A transcriptional and functional analysis of heat hardening in two invasive fruit fly species, Bactrocera dorsalis and Bactrocera correcta.
The spider genus Pterotricha in Iran, with the description of a new genus (Araneae, Gnaphosidae).
SPIKEPIPE: A metagenomic pipeline for the accurate quantification of eukaryotic species occurrences and intraspecific abundance change using DNA barcodes or mitogenomes.
Global agricultural productivity is threatened by increasing pollinator dependence without a parallel increase in crop diversification.
POU1F1 transcription factor promotes breast cancer metastasis via recruitment and polarization of macrophages.
Protective effects of noradrenaline on benzo[a]pyrene-induced oxidative stress responses in brain tumor cell lines.
Core transcriptional signatures of phase change in the migratory locust.
Taxi drivers: the role of animals in transporting mycorrhizal fungi.
Prevalence of and Risk Factors for Anal High-grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesions in Women Living with Human Immunodeficiency Virus.
The composition of the aphid fauna (Insecta, Hemiptera) of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Experimental Evidence for Adaptation to Species-Specific Gut Microbiota in House Mice.
Regulatory Networks between Polycomb Complexes and Non-coding RNAs in Central Nervous System.
Binary interactions between the yeast Candida albicans and two gut-associated Bacteroides species.
Fine-Tuning of Shh/Gli Signaling Gradient by Non-proteolytic Ubiquitination during Neural Patterning.
31  South: The physiology of adaptation to arid conditions in a passerine bird.
Esculent coating of spider silk enhanced the preservation and shelf life of apricot.
Are hemipenial traits under sexual selection in Tropidurus lizards? Hemipenial development, male and female genital morphology, allometry and coevolution in Tropidurus torquatus (Squamata: Tropiduridae).
Effects of root and leaf litter identity and diversity on oribatid mite abundance, species richness and community composition.
Hybrid gene misregulation in multiple developing tissues within a recent adaptive radiation of Cyprinodon pupfishes.
Molecular and morphological convergence to sulfide-tolerant fishes in a new species of Jenynsia (Cyprinodontiformes: Anablepidae), the first extremophile member of the family.
The (not very) typical protonymphons of Pycnogonum litorale.
Evolution of vertebrate spinal cord patterning.
TSLP and TSLP receptors variants are associated with smoking.
Demodicosis in a captive African straw-coloured fruit bat (Eidolon helvum).
Tamboti wood ash and burnt goat dropping ash, safe alternatives to control cowpea weevils, Callosobruchus maculatus (Fabr.) (Coleoptera: Bruchidae) during storage for subsistence farming.
Ferulic acid protects against methotrexate nephrotoxicity via activation of Nrf2/ARE/HO-1 signaling and PPARgamma, and suppression of NF-kappaB/NLRP3 inflammasome axis.
Parallel genetic evolution and speciation from standing variation.
Mapping the drivers of within-host pathogen evolution using massive data sets.
Glucocorticoid Receptor Signaling Activates TEAD4 to Promote Breast Cancer Progression.
T cells expressing NKG2D chimeric antigen receptors efficiently eliminate glioblastoma and cancer stem cells.
Traditional medicinal animal use by Xhosa and Sotho communities in the Western Cape Province, South Africa.
Range expansion is associated with increased survival and fecundity in a long-lived bat species.
On the diverse and opposing effects of nutrition on pathogen virulence.
Revisiting metazoan phylogeny with genomic sampling of all phyla.
Reply to Durkee:  \' Do the Maasai perceive weak walkers to be stronger and more attractive than strong walkers? A re-analysis of Fink et al. (2019) \' .
Metabolic activity affects the response of single cells to a nutrient switch in structured populations.
CO2 drives the pine wood nematode off its insect vector.
Interaction modifications lead to greater robustness than pairwise non-trophic effects in food webs.
Efficacy of Modified Atmospheres on Trogoderma granarium (Coleoptera: Dermestidae) and Sitophilus zeamais (Coleoptera: Curculionidae).
Comment on  \' Naked mole-rat mortality rates defy Gompertzian laws by not increasing with age \' .
Development of the major arboviral vector Aedes aegypti in urban drain-water and associated pyrethroid insecticide resistance is a potential global health challenge.
Advancing our understanding of ecological stability.
Flowers respond to pollinator sound within minutes by increasing nectar sugar concentration.
Effectiveness of agri-environmental management on pollinators is moderated more by ecological contrast than by landscape structure or land-use intensity.
Moringa seed extract alleviates titanium oxide nanoparticles (TiO2-NPs)-induced cerebral oxidative damage, and increases cerebral mitochondrial viability.
Interaction of Copper-Based Nanoparticles to Soil, Terrestrial, and Aquatic Systems: Critical Review of the State of the Science and Future Perspectives.
Targeting beta2 subunit of Na+/K+-ATPase induces glioblastoma cell apoptosis through elevation of intracellular Ca2.
Uncertainty about flying conspecifics causes territorial contests of the Old World swallowtail, Papilio machaon.
Animal life history is shaped by the pace of life and the distribution of age-specific mortality and reproduction.
Venus flytrap trigger hairs are micronewton mechano-sensors that can detect small insect prey.
Physiological condition of nestling great tits (Parus major) declines with the date of brood initiation: a long term study of first clutches.
A Peptoid Delivers CoQ-derivative to Plant Mitochondria via Endocytosis.
Acclimation temperature changes spermatozoa flagella length relative to head size in brown trout.
Quercetin Loaded Nanoparticles in Targeting Cancer: Recent Development.
Ameliorative Effect of Beta vulgaris Root Extract on Chlorpyrifos-Induced Oxidative Stress, Inflammation and Liver Injury in Rats.
Olfactory Preference of Drosophila suzukii Shifts between Fruit and Fermentation Cues over the Season: Effects of Physiological Status.
Dissecting the genetic architecture of a stepwise infection process.
Consistent temperature dependence of functional response parameters and their use in predicting population abundance.
The Piranha Genome Provides Molecular Insight Associated to Its Unique Feeding Behavior.
Mitochondrial ecophysiology: assessing the evolutionary forces that shape mitochondrial variation.
Flowers up! The effect of floral height along the shoot axis on the fitness of bat-pollinated species.
Anthropogenic modifications to fire regimes in the wider Serengeti-Mara ecosystem.
Respiratory Syncytial Virus Fusion Protein-encoding DNA Vaccine Is Less Effective in Conferring Protection against Inflammatory Disease than a Virus-like Particle Platform.
Toll-like receptor 6 expression, sequence variants, and their association with colorectal cancer risk.
Outbreaks of an Emerging Viral Disease Covary With Differences in the Composition of the Skin Microbiome of a Wild United Kingdom Amphibian.
Neuropeptides in modulation of Drosophila behavior: how to get a grip on their pleiotropic actions.
The impact of the invasive species Vespa velutina on honeybees: A new approach based on oxidative stress.
Jasmonic acid application triggers detoxification of lead (Pb) toxicity in tomato through the modifications of secondary metabolites and gene expression.
The phytoestrogen, diosgenin, directly stimulates ovarian cell functions in two farm animal species.
Quantum mechanism of light energy propagation through an avian retina.
Oleuropein suppresses oxidative, inflammatory, and apoptotic responses following glycerol-induced acute kidney injury in rats.
Causal Inference in Spatial Mapping.
Phosphorylation of Ci/Gli by Fused Family Kinases Promotes Hedgehog Signaling.
Compression Generated by a 3D Supracellular Actomyosin Cortex Promotes Embryonic Stem Cell Colony Growth and Expression of Nanog and Oct4.
Synthesis of new thiazolyl-pyrazolyl-1,2,3-triazole derivatives as potential antimicrobial agents.
Characterization of the complete mitochondrial genome of Centrorhynchus milvus (Acanthocephala: Polymorphida) and its phylogenetic implications.
Reaction norms for heat tolerance and evaporative cooling capacity do not vary across a climatic gradient in a passerine bird.
Validation of a universal set of primers to study animal-associated microeukaryotic communities.
Hepatitis B Virus Virions Produced Under Nucleos(t)ide Analogue Treatment Are Mainly Not Infectious Because of Irreversible DNA Chain Termination.
Motility effects biofilm formation in Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Enterobacter cloacae.
Modern Phylogenomics: Building Phylogenetic Trees Using the Multispecies Coalescent Model.
Soybean isoflavone ameliorates cognitive impairment, neuroinflammation, and amyloid beta accumulation in a rat model of Alzheimer \' s disease.
Harnessing Synthetic Ecology for commercial algae production.
Short-term, but not long-term, increased daytime workload leads to decreased night-time energetics in a free-living song bird.
Improving Environmental Interventions by Understanding Information Flows.
First report of the invasive mosquito Aedes koreicus (Diptera: Culicidae) and of its establishment in Liguria, northwest Italy.
Comparative morphology refines the conventional model of spider reproduction.
Responses of Glossina fuscipes fuscipes to visually attractive stationary devices baited with 4-methylguaiacol and certain repellent compounds in waterbuck odour.
Anopheles mosquito surveillance in Madagascar reveals multiple blood feeding behavior and Plasmodium infection.
Bacteriophages benefit from generalized transduction.
Gastrointestinal Parasitic Infections and Immunological Status of HIV/AIDS Coinfected Individuals in Nigeria.
Calycosin induces apoptosis in adenocarcinoma HT29 cells by inducing cytotoxic autophagy mediated by SIRT1/AMPK-induced inhibition of Akt/mTOR.
TICRR Contributes to Tumorigenesis Through Accelerating DNA Replication in Cancers.
Rapid chromosomal evolution in enigmatic mammal with XX in both sexes, the Alay mole vole Ellobiusalaicus Vorontsov et al., 1969 (Mammalia, Rodentia).
Delta Like-1 Gene Mutation: A Novel Cause of Congenital Vertebral Malformation.
Checklist of terrestrial Parasitengona mites in Fennoscandia with new species- and distribution records (Acariformes: Prostigmata).
Whole-Genome Sequencing of the Giant Devil Catfish, Bagarius yarrelli.
Expression and molecular characterization of stress-responsive genes (hsp70 and Mn-sod) and evaluation of antioxidant enzymes (CAT and GPx) in heavy metal exposed freshwater ciliate, Tetmemena sp.
Cardiovascular and ventilatory interactions in the facultative air-breathing teleost Pangasianodon hypophthalmus.
A novel intracellular dextranase derived from Paenibacillus sp. 598K with an ability to degrade cycloisomaltooligosaccharides.
Author Correction: Ceratosaur palaeobiology: new insights on evolution and ecology of the southern rulers.
A DNA barcode reference library of French Polynesian shore fishes.
Development of a specific cytolethal distending toxin (cdt) gene (Eacdt)-based PCR assay for the detection of Escherichia albertii.
Synthesis of ZnO nanoparticles using insulin-rich leaf extract: Anti-diabetic, antibiofilm and anti-oxidant properties.
SOX4: Epigenetic regulation and role in tumorigenesis.
Adipose lipidomics and RNA-Seq analysis revealed the enhanced mitochondrial function in UCP1 knock-in pigs.
Probiotic properties and immunomodulatory activity of gastrointestinal tract commensal bacterial strains isolated from the edible farmed snail Cornu aspersum maxima.
The evolution of endogenous retroviral envelope genes in bats and their potential contribution to host biology.
Putting Stem Cells on a Low-Fat Diet Switches Their Pluripotent State.
Morphological and molecular insights of a new species of trypanorhynchid cestode parasite, Nybelinia exostigmi, in the Narrowstripe cardinal fish Apogon exostigma.
Transmission, relatedness, and the evolution of cooperative symbionts.
Expression of concern: Phylogenomic Analysis of a Putative Missing Link Sparks Reinterpretation of Leech Evolution.
Identification of leopard frogs (Anura: Ranidae: Lithobates) distributed in some localities of the Southern Mexican Plateau using mitochondrial DNA sequences.
Neural Stem Cell Transplantation Improves Locomotor Function in Spinal Cord Transection Rats Associated with Nerve Regeneration and IGF-1 R Expression.
Allele-specific expression and alternative splicing in horsexdonkey and cattlexyak hybrids.
Cytotoxic effects of beta-asarone on Sf9 insect cells.
Motility and cytoskeletal organisation in the archigregarine Selenidium pygospionis (Apicomplexa): observations on native and experimentally affected parasites.
Structure, function and development of the digestive system in malacostracan crustaceans and adaptation to different lifestyles.
The effects of astaxanthin on liver histopathology and expression of superoxide dismutase in rat aflatoxicosis.
Highly prevalent bartonellae and other vector-borne pathogens in small mammal species from the Czech Republic and Germany.
SFRS11 Loss Leads to Aging-Associated Cognitive Decline by Modulating LRP8 and ApoE.
The first divergence time estimation of the subfamily Stenogastrinae (Hymenoptera: Vespidae) based on mitochondrial phylogenomics.
Entomology in the 21st Century: Tackling Insect Invasions, Promoting Advancements in Technology, and Using Effective Science Communication-2018 Student Debates.
Salpratlactones A and B: A Pair of cis-trans Tautomeric Abietanes as Cav3.1 T-Type Calcium Channel Agonists from Salvia prattii.
High-Throughput Protein Production Combined with High- Throughput SELEX Identifies an Extensive Atlas of Ciona robusta Transcription Factor DNA-Binding Specificities.
Characterisation of gastrointestinal helminths and their impact in commercial small-scale chicken flocks in the Mekong Delta of Vietnam.
Do G-protein coupled estrogen receptor and bisphenol A analogs influence on Leydig cell epigenetic regulation in immature boar testis ex vivo?
Ancient origins of arthropod moulting pathway components.
Creating a Stable Short-term Housing Environment for Rabbits in a Cargo Van.
Enantiomer and Carbon Isotope Fractionation of alpha-Hexachlorocyclohexane by Sphingobium indicum Strain B90A and the Corresponding Enzymes.
Carcinoembryonic Cell Adhesion-Related Molecule 2 Regulates Insulin Secretion and Energy Balance.
Effects of bioactive substance from turmeric on growth, skin mucosal immunity and antioxidant factors in common carp, Cyprinus carpio.
Evidence for cryptic diversification in a rupicolous forest-dwelling gecko (Gekkonidae: Afroedura pondolia) from a biodiversity hotspot.
Melatonin protects against Fenoxaprop-ethyl exposure-induced meiotic defects in mouse oocytes.
Concepts derived from the Challenge Hypothesis.
Acrylamide-induced alterations in lungs of mice in relation to oxidative stress indicators.
Revealing on hydrogen sulfide and nitric oxide signals co-ordination for plant growth under stress conditions.
Chemically induced transformation of human dermal fibroblasts to hair-inducing dermal papilla-like cells.
Elevated temperatures translate into reduced dispersal abilities in a natural population of an aquatic insect.
Synthesis, characterization and efficacy of mitochondrial targeted delivery of TPP-curcumin in rotenone-induced toxicity.
Nephroprotective Role of Selenium Nanoparticles Against Glycerol-Induced Acute Kidney Injury in Rats.
Human evaluation of amphibian species: a comparison of disgust and beauty.
Does aridity affect spatial ecology? Scaling of home range size in small carnivorous marsupials.
Development and Validation of a New Method for Determination of Pb and Cr in Marine Organisms by Total Reflection X-Ray Fluorescence (TXRF) Spectroscopy.
Analysis of in vivo uterine peristalsis in the non-pregnant female mouse.
Predator-induced changes of male and female mating preferences: innate and learned components.
Age and sex differences in niche use at molt and its effect on plumage coloration characteristics in a bird.
Two new species of Mazocraes Hermann (Monogenea: Mazocraeidae) from clupeoid fishes off Visakhapatnam, Bay of Bengal.
Parasitic copepods infestation on commercially exploited fishes from Kayamkulam backwater, Kerala, India.
Evaluation of vaccine candidates purified from the adult ticks of Ornithodoros savignyi (Acari: Argasidae) and Hyalomma dromedarii (Acari: Ixodidae) against tick infestations.
Meteterakis asansolensis sp. nov. (Nematoda: Heterakidae) in Duttaphrynus melanostictus (Schneider, 1899) (Amphibia: Anura: Bufonidae) from Asansol coalfield area, Paschim Bardhaman, West Bengal, India.
Combinations of Plant Essential Oil Based Terpene Compounds as Larvicidal and Adulticidal Agent against Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
The Interplay between Incipient Species and Social Polymorphism in the Desert Ant Cataglyphis.
Classical biological control of the African citrus psyllid Trioza erytreae, a major threat to the European citrus industry.
Bark Beetle Population Dynamics in the Anthropocene: Challenges and Solutions.
3 \' -Methoxydaidzein exerts analgesic activity by inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels.
Positive and negative incentive contrasts lead to relative value perception in ants.
Single and simultaneous effects of acrylamide and ethanol on bone microstructure of mice after one remodeling cycle.
CDetection: CRISPR-Cas12b-based DNA detection with sub-attomolar sensitivity and single-base specificity.
Spatial and temporal dynamics of Antarctic shallow soft-bottom benthic communities: ecological drivers under climate change.
In Vitro and In Vivo Antimalarial Activity of LZ1, a Peptide Derived from Snake Cathelicidin.
High-Throughput Sequencing Assists Studies in Genomic Variability and Epidemiology of Little Cherry Virus 1 and 2 infecting Prunus spp. in Belgium.
Decreased Temperature Sensitivity of Vestigial Gene Expression in Temperate Populations of Drosophila melanogaster.
Pest Control Potential of Social Wasps in Small Farms and Urban Gardens.
Effects of nitrate on development and thyroid hormone signaling pathway during Bufo gargarizans embryogenesis.
Nrf2 protein as a therapeutic target during diethylnitrosamine-induced liver injury ameliorated by beta-carotene-reduced graphene oxide (betaC-rGO) nanocomposite.
Anti-osteoporosis effects of osteoking via reducing reactive oxygen species.
Repeated mild traumatic brain injury induces persistent variations in mitochondrial DNA copy number in mesocorticolimbic neurocircuitry of the rat.
Enteroendocrine peptides regulate feeding behavior via controlling intestinal contraction of the silkworm Bombyx mori.
Whole-genome duplication and hemoglobin differentiation traits between allopatric populations of Brazilian Odontophrynus americanus species complex (Amphibia, Anura).
Environmental Impact of Heavy Metals from Poultry Waste Discharged into the Olosuru Stream, Ikire, Southwestern Nigeria.
Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons in Ologe Lagoon and Effects of Benzo[b]fluoranthene in African Catfish.
Gestational Arsenic Trioxide Exposure Acts as a Developing Neuroendocrine-Disruptor by Downregulating Nrf2/PPARgamma and Upregulating Caspase-3/NF-kB/Cox2/BAX/iNOS/ROS.
The genus Lochmaea Weise, 1883 in Taiwan: results of taxonomic expeditions by citizen scientists (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae, Galerucinae).
[Optimizing MaxEnt model in the prediction of species distribution.]
Applying science to pressing conservation needs for penguins.
Plant-Based Natural Product Chemistry for Integrated Pest Management of Drosophila suzukii.
Targeting ROS overgeneration by N-benzyl-2-nitro-1-imidazole-acetamide as a potential therapeutic reposition approach for cancer therapy.
Box, stalked, and upside-down? Draft genomes from diverse jellyfish (Cnidaria, Acraspeda) lineages: Alatina alata (Cubozoa), Calvadosia cruxmelitensis (Staurozoa), and Cassiopea xamachana (Scyphozoa).
The Foveal Visual Representation of the Primate Superior Colliculus.
Neutrophils Driving Unconventional T Cells Mediate Resistance against Murine Sarcomas and Selected Human Tumors.
Effects of peri-mortem infection on the entomofauna of decomposing buried human remains - a metadata analysis.
Cadmium overload modulates piroxicam-regulated oxidative damage and apoptotic pathways.
Risk assessment of low arsenic exposure using biomarkers of oxidative and genotoxic stress in a piscine model.
Recent advances of induced pluripotent stem cells application in neurodegenerative diseases.
Application of the comet assay, micronucleus test and global DNA methylation analysis in Darevskia lizards as a sentinel organism for genotoxic monitoring of soil pollution.
Fluoride contamination, health problems and remediation methods in Asian groundwater: A comprehensive review.
A HTRF based competitive binding assay for screening specific inhibitors of HIV-1 capsid assembly targeting the C-Terminal domain of capsid.
Phylogeography of a cryptic speciation continuum in Eurasian spadefoot toads (Pelobates).
#EUROmicroMOOC: using Twitter to share trends in Microbiology worldwide.
Building a DNA barcode library for the freshwater fishes of Bangladesh.
Cohort profile: Finnish Health and Early Life Microbiota (HELMi) longitudinal birth cohort.
Anaplasma phagocytophilum evolves in geographical and biotic niches of vertebrates and ticks.
Microsporidian infections in the species complex Gammarus roeselii (Amphipoda) over its geographical range: evidence for both host-parasite co-diversification and recent host shifts.
The effect of maze complexity on maze-solving time in a desert ant.
Species delimitation and evolutionary reconstruction within an integrative taxonomic framework: A case study on Rhinolophus macrotis complex (Chiroptera: Rhinolophidae).
Isolation and Characterization of Avian Chlamydia psittaci from Symptomatic Pet Birds in Southern Hunan, China.
Morphology and Phylogeny of the Soil Ciliate Parabistichella multilineae sp. nov. (Protozoa: Ciliophora: Hypotricha).
New Morphological Characterization of Latipes erinaceus (Gastropoda, Veronicellidae), Differential Diagnosis for the Genera Angustipes and Latipes, and Novel Combinations for Species of Latipes.
Body cavities in bryozoans: Functional and phylogenetic implications.
Accumulation, Biotransformation, and Endocrine Disruption Effects of Fluorotelomer Surfactant Mixtures on Zebrafish.
The endoparasitoid Psyllaephagus arenarius benefits from ectoparasitic venom via multiparasitism with the ectoparasitoid Tamarixia lyciumi.
Genotypic analysis of XRCC4 and susceptibility to cervical cancer.
Multimodal communication and language origins: integrating gestures and vocalizations.
Sexual selection and the evolution of sperm morphology in sharks.
Chimeric antigen receptor T (CAR-T) cells expanded with IL-7/IL-15 mediate superior antitumor effects.
Molecular characterization, ultrastructure, and transovarial transmission of Tremblaya phenacola in six mealybugs of the Phenacoccinae subfamily (Insecta, Hemiptera, Coccomorpha).
Integrating vision and echolocation for navigation and perception in bats.
Genetic basis of species-specific genitalia reveals role in species diversification.
Anticancer effect of fucoidan on cell proliferation, cell cycle progression, genetic damage and apoptotic cell death in HepG2 cancer cells.
Bacterial and archaeal spatial distribution and its environmental drivers in an extremely haloalkaline soil at the landscape scale.
Are model organisms representative for climate change research? Testing thermal tolerance in wild and laboratory zebrafish populations.
Author Correction: Climatic controls of decomposition drive the global biogeography of forest-tree symbioses.
Facilitation and inhibition of firing activity and N-methyl-D-aspartate-evoked responses of CA1 hippocampal pyramidal cells by alpha7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor selective compounds in vivo.
Brain evolution in Proboscidea (Mammalia, Afrotheria) across the Cenozoic.
Generation of pig induced pluripotent stem cells using an extended pluripotent stem cell culture system.
Host-Associated Bacterial Succession during the Early Embryonic Stages and First Feeding in Farmed Gilthead Sea Bream (Sparus aurata).
Immune function of an angiotensin-converting enzyme against Rice stripe virus infection in a vector insect.
Evolutionary history of Pneumocystis fungi in their African rodent hosts.
Analysis of nad2 and nad5 enables reliable identification of genotypes G6 and G7 within the species complex Echinococcus granulosus sensu lato.
Influenza M2 virus-like particle vaccination enhances protection in combination with avian influenza HA VLPs.
Flexible manipulation of Omb levels in the endogenous expression region of Drosophila wing by combinational overexpression and suppression strategy.
Screening for signatures of selection of Tianzhu white yak using genome-wide re-sequencing.
Searching for Sympatric Speciation in the Genomic Era.
Isolation and characterization of marine bacteria from East Coast of India: functional screening for salt stress tolerance.
Functional Traits and Spatio-Temporal Structure of a Major Group of Soil Protists (Rhizaria: Cercozoa) in a Temperate Grassland.
Isotomidae of Japan and Asiatic part of Russia. II. The genus Tetracanthella of the Far East.
On the genus Flexicrurum Tong &amp; Li, 2007 (Araneae, Psilodercidae) from Hainan Island, China.
On three species of the spider genus Pimoa (Araneae, Pimoidae) from China.
Strategies to Control Human Lymphatic Filarial Infection: Tweaking Host \' s Immune System.
Natural Tyrosinase Inhibitors: Role of Herbals in the Treatment of Hyperpigmentary Disorders.
Evaluation of toxic potential of metals in wheat crop grown in wastewater-contaminated soil in Punjab, Pakistan.
Effect of periodic abstinence from dairy products for approximately half of the year on bone health in adults following the Christian Orthodox Church fasting rules for decades.
Why callused bare feet are a better fit than cushioned shoes.
Gene expression across mammalian organ development.
Latitudinal and bathymetrical species richness patterns in the NW Pacific and adjacent Arctic Ocean.
Animal behaviour in a human world: A crowdsourcing study on horses that open door and gate mechanisms.
Nonlinear relationship between Silver Carp density and their eDNA concentration in a large river.
Gross intestinal morphometry and allometry in ruminants.
Osteohistology of the silesaurid Sacisaurus agudoensis from southern Brazil (Late Triassic) and implications for growth in early dinosaurs.
Mobility and bioaccessibility of risk elements in the area affected by the long-term opencast coal mining.
Strong Wet and Dry Adhesion by Cupped Microstructures.
Desiccation-induced changes in recombination rate and crossover interference in Drosophila melanogaster: evidence for fitness-dependent plasticity.
Enhancement of Immune Responses by Guanosine-Based Particles in DNA Plasmid Formulations against Infectious Diseases.
Molecular and cytogenetic differentiation within the Lariophagusdistinguendus (Forster, 1841) species complex (Hymenoptera, Pteromalidae).
Antioxidant, Hypoglycemic, and Neurobehavioral Effects of a Leaf Extract of Avicennia marina on Autoimmune Diabetic Mice.
Enforcement is central to the evolution of cooperation.
Genomic analysis reveals variant association with high altitude adaptation in native chickens.
Thermal landscape change as a driver of ectotherm responses to plant invasions.
Arthropod-bacteria interactions influence assembly of aquatic host microbiome and pathogen defense.
Predation shapes sperm performance surfaces in guppies.
Molecular regulatory networks of thymic epithelial cell differentiation.
Circulating T cell-monocyte complexes are markers of immune perturbations.
Predicting intervention priorities for wildlife conflicts.
Movement reveals reproductive tactics in male elephants.
Application of pulse index continuous cardiac output system in elderly patients with acute myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock: A prospective randomized study.
Habitat fragmentation is associated with dietary shifts and microbiota variability in common vampire bats.
Replanting of first-cycle oil palm results in a second wave of biodiversity loss.
Chemical defense of toad tadpoles under risk by four predator species.
Infection sequence alters disease severity-Effects of the sequential exposure of two larval trematodes to Polypedates cruciger tadpoles.
Effects of reproduction and environmental factors on body temperature and activity patterns of wolverines.
Association of SYNE1 locus with bipolar disorder in Chinese population.
Single-cell genomics unveiled a cryptic cyanobacterial lineage with a worldwide distribution hidden by a dinoflagellate host.
Chronic, sublethal effects of high temperatures will cause severe declines in southern African arid-zone birds during the 21st century.
Multimodal cue integration in the dung beetle compass.
Association of glycemic status and interferon-gamma production with leukocytes and platelet indices alterations in type2 diabetes.
Physiological and biochemical responses to aluminum-induced oxidative stress in two cyanobacterial species.
Environmental risk assessment of pesticides in tropical terrestrial ecosystems: Test procedures, current status and future perspectives.
A complex urban ecological investigation in a mid-sized Hungarian city - SITE assessment and monitoring of a liveable urban area, PART 1: Water quality measurement.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in infant formulae, follow-on formulae, and baby foods in Iran: An assessment of risk.
Cytotoxicity of Nubein6.8 peptide isolated from the snake venom of Naja nubiae on melanoma and ovarian carcinoma cell lines.
Genomic signatures of sympatric speciation with historical and contemporary gene flow in a tropical anthozoan (Hexacorallia: Actiniaria).
Mutual editing of alternative splicing between breast cancer cells and macrophages.
LC-MS/MS-based metabolic profiling of Escherichia coli under heterologous gene expression stress.
Should I stay or should I go? Pollinator shifts rather than cospeciation dominate the evolutionary history of South African Rediviva bees and their Diascia host plants.
Stay clean: direct steam exposure to manage biofouling risks.
Checklist of marine mammal parasites in New Zealand and Australian waters.
Does an early rural life influence selected health-related parameters of female university students?
Examination of oral biofilm microbiota in patients using fixed orthodontic appliances in order to prevent risk factors for health complications.
Female-specific gene regulation in malaria parasites by an AP2-family transcription factor.
Visual Imprinting in Birds: Behavior, Models, and Neural Mechanisms.
Taxonomic revision of Mordellistenahirtipes species complex with new distribution records (Insecta, Coleoptera, Mordellidae).
First record of the genus Rasnitsynoryctes Belokobylskij, 2011 (Hymenoptera, Braconidae, Doryctinae) in Vietnam, with the description of a new species.
Maternal Care in Free-Ranging Arboreal Grey-Cheeked Mangabeys (Lophocebus albigena johnstoni) in Kibale National Park, Uganda.
Peroxidation and unsaturation coefficients as biomarkers of environmental micro-exposure to molluscicides in Helix pomatia L.
Deregulation of H19 is associated with cervical carcinoma.
Predatory zooplankton on the move: Themisto amphipods in high-latitude marine pelagic food webs.
Molecular insight into taste and aroma of sliced dry-cured ham induced by protein degradation undergone high-pressure conditions.
B cells: a new player in mesenchymal stromal cell-mediated immune modulation in renal transplant patients.
Comparison of Lactate Dehydrogenase Activity in Hive and Forager Honeybees May Indicate Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness - Preliminary Studies.
Immunogenicity of late stage specific peptide antigens of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Modulation of Spontaneous and Light-Induced Activity in the Rat Dorsal Lateral Geniculate Nucleus by General Brain State Alterations under Urethane Anesthesia.
A proteomic-based approach for the search of biomarkers in Iberian wild deer (Cervus elaphus) as indicators of meat quality.
Elimination of a Retrotransposon for Quenching Genome Instability in Modern Rice.
Assessment of Hymenoptera and Non-Hymenoptera Insect Bite and Sting Allergy Among Patients of Tropical Region of West Bengal, India.
Genetic Variation in Human Gene Regulatory Factors Uncovers Regulatory Roles in Local Adaptation and Disease.
A magnetic compass guides the direction of foraging in a bat.
Convergent genomic signatures of flight loss in birds suggest a switch of main fuel.
Acculturation drives the evolution of intergroup conflict.
Cryptophlebia peltastica Nucleopolyhedrovirus Is Highly Infectious to Codling Moth Larvae and Cells.
The effect of global change on mosquito-borne disease.
Insecticide resistance mechanisms with novel  \' kdr \'  type gene mutations in the tropical bed bug Cimex hemipterus.
Biophysical interactions, docking studies and cytotoxic potential of a novel propofol-linolenate: a multi-technique approach.
Partitioned coalescence support reveals biases in species-tree methods and detects gene trees that determine phylogenomic conflicts.
Fruits of wild and semi-domesticated Diospyros tree species have contrasting phenological, metabolic, and antioxidant activity profiles.
Retinal texture biomarkers may help to discriminate between Alzheimer \' s, Parkinson \' s, and healthy controls.
Age-dependent effect between MARCO and TLR4 on PMMA particle phagocytosis by macrophages.
Descriptive studies on the tongue of two micro-mammals inhabiting the Egyptian fauna; the Nile grass rat (Arvicanthis niloticus) and the Egyptian long-eared hedgehog (Hemiechinus auritus).
[Tribute to Professor Claude Chastel (1928-2018)].
An MLST approach to support tracking of plasmids carrying OXA-48-like carbapenemase.
Mitochondria organize the cellular proteostatic response and promote cellular senescence.
Acoustic evaluation of behavioral states predicted from GPS tracking: a case study of a marine fishing bat.
Cervical cancer in the Bamenda Regional Hospital, North West Region of Cameroon: a retrospective study.
Quantification of Bioactive Compounds and Evaluation of the Antioxidant Activity of Carissa edulis Valh (Apocynaceae) Leaves.
POWAINDv1.0: A Program for Protein-Water Interactions Determination.
QSAR modeling, pharmacophore-based virtual screening, and ensemble docking insights into predicting potential epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) analogs against epidermal growth factor receptor.
Pterostilbene reverses palmitic acid mediated insulin resistance in HepG2 cells by reducing oxidative stress and triglyceride accumulation.
Roles of plant volatiles in defense against microbial pathogens and microbial exploitation of volatiles.
DNA damage and physiological responses in an Indian major carp Labeo rohita exposed to an antimicrobial agent triclosan.
Efficacy of two actinomycete extracts in the amelioration of carbon tetrachloride-induced oxidative stress and nephrotoxicity in experimental rats.
What are the costs of learning? Modest trade-offs and constitutive costs do not set the price of fast associative learning ability in a parasitoid wasp.
Eurasian lynx fitness shows little variation across Scandinavian human-dominated landscapes.
Brazil \' s biodiversity researchers need help.
Genetic basis of ruminant headgear and rapid antler regeneration.
Biological adaptations in the Arctic cervid, the reindeer (Rangifer tarandus).
Large-scale ruminant genome sequencing provides insights into their evolution and distinct traits.
An effector from cotton bollworm oral secretion impairs host plant defense signaling.
Ventilatory sensitivity to ammonia in the Pacific hagfish (Eptatretus stoutii), a representative of the oldest extant connection to the ancestral vertebrates.
Sclerotinia sclerotiorum circumvents flavonoid defenses by catabolizing flavonol glycosides and aglycones.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids promote Plasmodium falciparum gametocytogenesis.
Organizing phenotypic data-a semantic data model for anatomy.
Digesta passage in nondomestic ruminants: Separation mechanisms in  \' moose-type \'  and  \' cattle-type \'  species, and seemingly atypical browsers.
A study on the non-monophyletic genera Australothrix and Holostichides based on multigene and morphological analyses with a reexamination of type materials (Protozoa: Ciliophora).
The Impact of the Ketogenic Diet on Glial Cells Morphology. A Quantitative Morphological Analysis.
Metformin inhibits Abeta25-35 -induced apoptotic cell death in SH-SY5Y cells.
Further insight into the geographic distribution of Leishmania species in Peru by cytochrome b and mannose phosphate isomerase gene analyses.
Effect of Temperature and Tissue Type on the Development of the Forensic Fly Chrysomya megacephala (Diptera: Calliphoridae).
Evaluation of Enrofloxacin for Use in Cryopreservation of Zebu Bull (Bos indicus) Semen.
Hind foot drumming: morphological adaptations of the muscles and bones of the hind limb in three African mole-rat species.
Lichen Parmelia sulcata mediated synthesis of gold nanoparticles: an eco-friendly tool against Anopheles stephensi and Aedes aegypti.
Viviparity in the dermapteran Arixenia esau: respiration inside mother \' s body requires both maternal and larval contribution.
Conservation and diversity in expression of candidate genes regulating socially-induced female-male sex change in wrasses.
Synthesis and characterization of silver nanoparticle-decorated cobalt nanocomposites (Co@AgNPs) and their density-dependent antibacterial activity.
Acherontiscus caledoniae: the earliest heterodont and durophagous tetrapod.
Induction of apoptosis by piperine in human cervical adenocarcinoma via ROS mediated mitochondrial pathway and caspase-3 activation.
On the genus Pseudocneorhinus (Coleoptera, Curculionidae, Entiminae), with descriptions of five new species from China.
Review of the mite genus Ololaelaps (Acari, Laelapidae) and redescription of O.formidabilis Berlese.
Male pheromone composition depends on larval but not adult diet in Heliconius melpomene.
Global reconstruction of life-history strategies: A case study using tunas.
Location-level processes drive the establishment of alien bird populations worldwide.
Management of ecosystems alters vector dynamics and haemosporidian infections.
Vasopressin Cells in the Rodent Olfactory Bulb Resemble Non-Bursting Superficial Tufted Cells and Are Primarily Inhibited upon Olfactory Nerve Stimulation.
An EGFR-Induced Drosophila Lung Tumor Model Identifies Alternative Combination Treatments.
Analysis of the TP53 Deleterious Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms Impact on Estrogen Receptor Alpha-p53 Interaction: A Machine Learning Approach.
In vitro production of canine blastocysts.
Male principal investigators (almost) don \' t publish with women in ecology and zoology.
Evaluation of Mating Disruption For the Control of Thaumetopoea pityocampa (Lepidoptera: Thaumetopoeidae) in Suburban Recreational Areas in Italy and Greece.
Ivermectin reverses the drug resistance in cancer cells through EGFR/ERK/Akt/NF-kappaB pathway.
PI3K/ Akt/ mTOR Pathway as a Therapeutic Target for Colorectal Cancer: A Review of Preclinical and Clinical Evidence.
Science policies: How should science funding be allocated? An evolutionary biologists \'  perspective.
Phylogenomic Analysis of a Putative Missing Link Sparks Reinterpretation of Leech Evolution.
Curcumin as an Alternative Epigenetic Modulator: Mechanism of Action and Potential Effects.
Mitochondrial DNA D-loop sequencing reveals obesity variants in an Arab population.
Apoptosis and oxidative stress as relevant mechanisms of antitumor activity and genotoxicity of ZnO-NPs alone and in combination with N-acetyl cysteine in tumor-bearing mice.
On the power to detect rare recombination events.
A chordwise offset of the wing-pitch axis enhances rotational aerodynamic forces on insect wings: a numerical study.
In Vitro and In Vivo Anti-Breast Cancer Activities of Some Newly Synthesized 5-(thiophen-2-yl)thieno-[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-one Candidates.
Halyomorpha halys (Hemiptera: Pentatomidae) Genetic Diversity in North America and Europe.
Energy cost for controlling complex networks with linear dynamics.
Chitosan capped ZnO nanoparticles with cell specific apoptosis induction through P53 activation and G2/M arrest in breast cancer cells - In vitro approaches.
The Phylogeny and Evolutionary History of Arthropods.
Zoology: Worming into the Origin of Bilaterians.
Dung beetles.
To Acclimate or Not to Acclimate? Simultaneous Positive and Negative Effects of Acclimation on Susceptibility of Tribolium confusum (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae) and Oryzaephilus surinamensis (Coleoptera: Silvanidae) to Low Temperatures.
Birds invest wingbeats to keep a steady head and reap the ultimate benefits of flying together.
Post-glacial colonization of northern coastal habitat by bottlenose dolphins: A marine leading-edge expansion?
First report of paired ventral endites in a hurdiid radiodont.
Unravelling the sex- and age-specific impact of poaching mortality with multievent modeling.
Comparative and functional analysis of the digital mucus glands and secretions of tree frogs.
Description on two species of genus Platythomisus (Araneae, Thomisidae) from China and Singapore.
Natal habitat and sex-specific survival rates result in a male-biased adult sex ratio.
Tuberculosis decline in populations affected by HIV: a retrospective study of 12 countries in the WHO African Region.
The impact of mesenchymal stem cells on doxorubicin-induced testicular toxicity and progeny outcome of male prepubertal rats.
Expression and allele frequencies of Thymic stromal lymphopoietin are a key factor of breast cancer risk.
Genome sequencing analysis identifies Epstein-Barr virus subtypes associated with high risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Alda-1 attenuates hyperoxia-induced mitochondrial dysfunction in lung vascular endothelial cells.
Salmonid gene expression biomarkers indicative of physiological responses to changes in salinity and temperature, but not dissolved oxygen.
Tuberculosis: Current Status, Diagnosis, Treatment and Development of Novel Vaccines.
Modelling Ranavirus Transmission in Populations of Common Frogs (Rana temporaria) in the United Kingdom.
Impact of Water Pollution on Trophic Transfer of Fatty Acids in Fish, Microalgae, and Zoobenthos in the Food Web of a Freshwater Ecosystem.
Photochemical formation of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) from decachlorobiphenyl (PCB-209) on solids/air interface.
A protective study of curcumin associated with Cr6+ induced oxidative stress, genetic damage, transcription of genes related to apoptosis and histopathology of fish, Channa punctatus (Bloch, 1793).
Phylogeography of the Rufous Vanga and the role of bioclimatic transition zones in promoting speciation within Madagascar.
Reshaping our understanding of species \'  roles in landscape-scale networks.
Deconstructing compassionate conservation.
Frequent sugar feeding behavior by Aedes aegypti in Bamako, Mali makes them ideal candidates for control with attractive toxic sugar baits (ATSB).
Prognostic value of biomarkers after cardiopulmonary bypass in pediatrics: The prospective PANCAP study.
Unprecedented reorganization of holocentric chromosomes provides insights into the enigma of lepidopteran chromosome evolution.
Occurrence of Selected Zoonotic Fecal Pathogens and First Molecular Identification of Hafnia paralvei in Wild Taihangshan Macaques (Macaca mulatta tcheliensis) in China.
A new species of Gracixalus (Anura, Rhacophoridae) from Yunnan, China.
Species composition and elevational distribution of bumble bees (Hymenoptera, Apidae, Bombus Latreille) in the East Himalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, India.
On the road to Mandalay: contribution to the Microhyla Tschudi, 1838 (Amphibia: Anura: Microhylidae) fauna of Myanmar with description of two new species.
Polycomb Protein EED Regulates Neuronal Differentiation through Targeting SOX11 in Hippocampal Dentate Gyrus.
Environmental Oxygen Exposure Allows for the Evolution of Interdigital Cell Death in Limb Patterning.
Bio- and magnetostratigraphic correlation of the Miocene primate-bearing site of Castell de Barbera to the earliest Vallesian.
Influence of green light illumination at night on biological characteristics of the oriental armyworm, Mythimna separata (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
Description, molecular characterization and life cycle of Serpentirhabdias mussuranae n. sp. (Nematoda: Rhabdiasidae) from Clelia clelia (Reptilia: Colubroidea) in Brazil.
Thermal tolerance patterns across latitude and elevation.
Essential role of autophagy in resource allocation during sexual reproduction.
Long-term acclimation to near-future ocean acidification has negligible effects on energetic attributes in a juvenile coral reef fish.
The role of steroid hormones and individual traits in food intake in the wood mouse (Apodemus sylvaticus).
Sex steroids exert a suppressive effect on innate and cell mediated immune responses in fresh water teleost, Channa punctatus.
Role of cuticle hydrocarbons composition in the salinity tolerance of aquatic beetles.
50 years later, insect evidence overturns Canada \' s most notorious case - Regina v. Steven Truscott.
Screening, partial purification of antivibriosis metabolite sterol-glycosides from Rhodococcus sp. against aquaculture associated pathogens.
Survival of probiotic bacteria in the presence of food grade nanoparticles from chocolates: an in vitro and in vivo study.
Mesozoic mitogenome rearrangements and freshwater mussel (Bivalvia: Unionoidea) macroevolution.
Voltage-dependent gating of SV channel TPC1 confers vacuole excitability.
Mapping gastrointestinal gene expression patterns in wild primates and humans via fecal RNA-seq.
Putative Roles of Plant-Derived Tannins in Neurodegenerative and Neuropsychiatry Disorders: An Updated Review.
Evaluation of cytogenotoxicity and oxidative stress parameters in male Swiss mice co-exposed to titanium dioxide and zinc oxide nanoparticles.
Comparative gill and liver pathology of Tilapia zilli, Clarias gariepinus and Neochanna diversus in owan river (Nigeria): Relative ecological risks of species in a pesticide-impacted river.
Ecological toxicity reduction of dinotefuran to honeybee: New perspective from an enantiomeric level.
Aneuploidy in yeast: Segregation error or adaptation mechanism?
Novel and known signals of selection for fat deposition in domestic sheep breeds from Africa and Eurasia.
Supernumerary scutes verify a segment-dependent model of the horny shell development in turtles.
The omnivorous triggerfish Melichthys niger is a functional herbivore on an isolated Atlantic oceanic island.
Differential patterns of nitrogen nutrition and growth cost of the indigenous Vachellia sieberiana and the introduced Chromolaena odorata in the savannah environment.
A dune with a view: the eyes of a neotropical fossorial lizard.
Physiological response of fish under variable acidic conditions: a molecular approach through the assessment of an eco-physiological marker in the brain.
Coexistence of genetically different Varroa destructor in Apis mellifera colonies.
Author Correction: Genome sequencing and population genomic analyses provide insights into the adaptive landscape of silver birch.
Response to Comment on "Global pattern of nest predation is disrupted by climate change in shorebirds".
Comment on "Global pattern of nest predation is disrupted by climate change in shorebirds".
The role of lateral optic flow cues in hawkmoth flight control.
Complete Genome Sequence of emm1 Streptococcus pyogenes 10-85, a Strain Isolated from a Patient with Streptococcal Toxic Shock Syndrome in Japan.
Amblypygid-fungal interactions: The whip spider exoskeleton as a substrate for fungal growth.
Evaluation of the residual efficacy of indoor residual spraying with bendiocarb (FICAM WP 80) in six health districts in Senegal.
Improved phylogenomic sampling of free-living nematodes enhances resolution of higher-level nematode phylogeny.
Metabolic and Stress Responses in Senegalese Soles (Solea senegalensis Kaup) Fed Tryptophan Supplements: Effects of Concentration and Feeding Period.
Mixture effect of arsenic and fluoride at environmentally relevant concentrations in zebrafish (Danio rerio) liver: Expression pattern of Nrf2 and related xenobiotic metabolizing enzymes.
Resolving a 150-year-old paternity case in Mormon history using DTC autosomal DNA testing of distant relatives.
Is there any association between Toxoplasma gondii infection and depression? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Nest characteristics determine nest microclimate and affect breeding output in an Antarctic seabird, the Wilson \' s storm-petrel.
Prodigiosins from a marine sponge-associated actinomycete attenuate HCl/ethanol-induced gastric lesion via antioxidant and anti-inflammatory mechanisms.
Towards harmonisation of entomological surveillance in the Mediterranean area.
Morphological variation of the female reproductive organs of the bat Artibeus lituratus during its different reproductive phases.
Ornithodoros (Ornithodoros) huajianensis sp. nov. (Acari, argasidae), a new tick species from the Mongolian marmot (Marmota bobak sibirica), Gansu province in China.
Bioaccumulation and potential sources of heavy metal contamination in fish species in River Ganga basin: Possible human health risks evaluation.
Pet owners \'  awareness on RA 9482 (Anti-Rabies Act of 2007) in Magalang, Pampanga Philippines.
Host biology and environmental variables differentially predict flea abundances for two rodent hosts in a plague-relevant system.
Effect of untreated pharmaceutical plant effluent on cardiac Na+-K+- ATPase and Ca2+-Mg2+-ATPase activities in mice (Mus Musculus).
Role of T lymphocytes and papain enzymatic activity in the protection induced by the cysteine protease against Schistosoma mansoni in mice.
Seroprevalence of Trichinella spp. infection in bank voles (Myodes glareolus) - A long term study.
Clostridium difficile beyond stools: dog nasal discharge as a possible new vector of bacterial transmission.
Helminth fauna of the screaming hairy armadillo Chaetophractus vellerosus from Argentina: the consequence of host isolation on parasite diversity.
Mitochondrial Architecture Rearrangements Produce Asymmetrical Nonadaptive Mutational Pressures That Subvert the Phylogenetic Reconstruction in Isopoda.
Nature-Inspired Drugs: Expanding Horizons of Contemporary Therapeutics.
A Novel Role of VEGFC in Cerebral Ischemia With Lung Injury.
Light-level geolocator analyses: A user \' s guide.
An empirical comparison of decomposition and fly colonisation of concealed carcasses in the Old and New World.
Expressions and characterization of MuRFs, Atrogin-1, F-box25 genes in tilapia, Oreochromis niloticus, in response to starvation.
Risk element accumulation in Coleoptera and Hymenoptera (Formicidae) living in an extremely contaminated area-a preliminary study.
Appetite is correlated with octopamine and hemolymph sugar levels in forager honeybees.
Brown bear attacks on humans: a worldwide perspective.
Duets recorded in the wild reveal that interindividually coordinated motor control enables cooperative behavior.
miR-21 promotes NLRP3 inflammasome activation to mediate pyroptosis and endotoxic shock.
Marek \' s Disease Virus-Encoded MicroRNA 155 Ortholog Critical for the Induction of Lymphomas Is Not Essential for the Proliferation of Transformed Cell Lines.
CXCR4 regulates Plasmodium development in mouse and human hepatocytes.
Medium-term dynamics of element concentrations in a sparid fish and its isopod parasite after the Prestige oil-spill: Shifting baselines?
Reserve size and anthropogenic disturbance affect the density of an African leopard (Panthera pardus) meta-population.
Embryonic and larval development of the northern pike: An emerging fish model system for evo-devo research.
The Origins and Diversification of the Exceptionally Rich Gemsnakes (Colubroidea: Lamprophiidae: Pseudoxyrhophiinae) in Madagascar.
The effect of including argane by-products (meal and pulp) in dairy ewe diet on milk quality and production, and lamb growth performance.
Bromeliads going batty: pollinator partitioning among sympatric chiropterophilous Bromeliaceae.
Effect of Xylocarpus granatum Bark Extract on Amelioration of Hyperglycaemia and Oxidative Stress Associated Complications in STZ-Induced Diabetic Mice.
Past lake shore dynamics explain present pattern of unidirectional introgression across a habitat barrier.
The role of detritivory as a feeding tactic in a harsh environment - a case study of weatherfish (Misgurnus fossilis).
Important At-Sea Areas of Colonial Breeding Marine Predators on the Southern Patagonian Shelf.
Hawks steer attacks using a guidance system tuned for close pursuit of erratically manoeuvring  targets.
mTOR signalling pathway - A root cause for idiopathic autism?
Genetic diversity of Plasmodium falciparum histidine-rich protein 2 (PfHRP2) and its effect on the performance of PfHRP2-based rapid diagnostic tests.
The contribution of non-malarial febrile illness co-infections to Plasmodium falciparum case counts in health facilities in sub-Saharan Africa.
In a mental-health care setting, can nature conservation and health priorities align?
Nature-Based Interventions for Improving Health and Wellbeing: The Purpose, the People and the Outcomes.
First Descriptions of Larva and Pupa of Bagous claudicans Boheman, 1845 (Curculionidae, Bagoinae) and Systematic Position of the Species Based on Molecular and Morphological Data.
Recent Research Advances in Mitosis during Mammalian Gametogenesis.
Mechanical strain, novel genes and evolutionary insights: news from the frog left-right organizer.
Gene and environment interplay in cognition: Evidence from twin and molecular studies, future directions and suggestions for effective candidate gene x environment (cGxE) research.
Autophagic induction modulates splenic plasmacytoid dendritic cell mediated immune response in cerebral malarial infection model.
Too hot to handle: Cenozoic aridification drives multiple independent incursions of Schizomida (Hubbardiidae) into hypogean environments.
Effects of 17beta-HSD2 inhibition in bones on osteoporosis based on an animal rat model.
Circulation of chikungunya virus East/Central/South African lineage in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
[Regulation of m^(6)A RNA Methylation and Its Effect on Myogenic Differentiation in Murine Myoblasts].
A Symbiotic Virus Facilitates Aphid Adaptation to Host Plants by Suppressing Jasmonic Acid Responses.
Scary and nasty beasts: Self-reported fear and disgust of common phobic animals.
Public health risk of heavy metal residues in meat and edible organs of broiler in an intensive production system of a region in Pakistan.
Adaptation "from below" to changes in species distribution, habitat and climate in agro-ecosystems in the Terai Plains of Nepal.
Characterization of the complete mitochondrial genome of Sphaerirostris picae (Rudolphi, 1819) (Acanthocephala: Centrorhynchidae), representative of the genus Sphaerirostris.
Ducklings imprint on chromatic heterogeneity.
Evidence for cell turnover as the mechanism responsible for the transport of embryos towards the vagina in viviparous onychophorans (velvet worms).
Historical contingency shapes adaptive radiation in Antarctic fishes.
The current and future global distribution and population at risk of dengue.
A natural toroidal microswimmer with a rotary eukaryotic flagellum.
Nitric oxide radicals are emitted by wasp eggs to kill mold fungi.
Intra-species variation and geographic differentiation among the populations of the quarantine agricultural pest leucinoides orbonalis (lepidoptera: Crambidae) in the global assemblage - a prospective of DNA barcoding.
Potential phytochemicals in the prevention and treatment of esophagus cancer: A green therapeutic approach.
Trophic interactions modify the temperature dependence of community biomass and ecosystem function.
Zebra skin odor repels the savannah tsetse fly, Glossina pallidipes (Diptera: Glossinidae).
Evaluation of the sequence method as a tool to assess spontaneous baroreflex in reptiles.
Effect of natural toxins and adipokinetic hormones on the activity of digestive enzymes in the midgut of the cockroach Periplaneta americana.
ATLANTIC MAMMALS: a data set of assemblages of medium- and large-sized mammals of the Atlantic Forest of South America.
Over-expression of Hsp83 in grossly depleted hsromega lncRNA background causes synthetic lethality and l(2)gl phenocopy in Drosophila.
Occurrence and bioaccumulation of persistent toxic substances in sediments and biota from intertidal zone of Abu Ali Island, Arabian Gulf.
The influence of landscape, climate, and history on spatial genetic patterns in keystone plants (Azorella) on sub-Antarctic islands.
Rutin ameliorates carbon tetrachloride (CCl4)-induced hepatorenal toxicity and hypogonadism in male rats.
The biogeography of Elaphe sauromates (Pallas, 1814), with a description of a new rat snake species.
Piperine Enhances the Antioxidant and Anti-Inflammatory Activities of Thymoquinone against Microcystin-LR-Induced Hepatotoxicity and Neurotoxicity in Mice.
Evolutionary Conservation of Thyroid Hormone Receptor and Deiodinase Expression Dynamics in ovo in a Direct-Developing Frog, Eleutherodactylus coqui.
Editorial: Encoding Visual Features by Parallel Ganglion Cell Initiated Pathways in the Healthy, Diseased and Artificial Retina.
Ancient Mitogenomes Reveal the Evolutionary History and Biogeography of Sloths.
Agouti-Related Protein 2 Is a New Player in the Teleost Stress Response System.
Mycorrhizal Fungi Respond to Resource Inequality by Moving Phosphorus from Rich to Poor Patches across Networks.
Mammalian tolerance to humans is predicted by body mass: evidence from long-term archives.
Characterisation of cholinesterases in mucous secretions and their localisation in epidermis of Labeo rohita and Cirrhinus mrigala.
Identification of potential signature whistles from free-ranging common dolphins (Delphinus delphis) in South Africa.
Does kisspeptin participate in GABA-mediated modulation of GnRH and GnRH receptor biosynthesis in the hypothalamic-pituitary unit of follicular-phase ewes?
First report of Heleomyzidae (Diptera) recovered from the inner cavity of an intact human femur.
The visual system of Thelyphonida (whip scorpions): Support for Arachnopulmonata.
Imaging techniques for observing laminar geometry in the feather shaft cortex.
GRID-seq for comprehensive analysis of global RNA-chromatin interactions.
The cargo adaptor proteins RILPL2 and melanophilin co-regulate myosin-5a motor activity.
Chlorophyll fluorescence and carbohydrate concentration as field selection traits for heat tolerant chickpea genotypes.
Examining the influence of human stressors on benthic algae, macroinvertebrate, and fish assemblages in Mediterranean streams of Chile.
The allometry of proboscis length in Melittidae (Hymenoptera: Apoidae) and an estimate of their foraging distance using museum collections.
Evolution of Gene Expression during a Transition from Environmental to Genetic Sex Determination.
Effects of vinclozolin exposure on the expression and activity of SIRT1 and SIRT6 in the porcine ovary.
Effect of mandarin peel extract on experimentally induced arthritis in male rats.
Ontogeny of Orbit Orientation in Primates.
Culicoides species as potential vectors of African horse sickness virus in the southern regions of South Africa.
Does polymorphism make the Asiatic golden cat the most adaptable predator in the Eastern Himalayas?
Microwave-accelerated sorption of cationic dyes onto green marine algal biomass.
Connexin-36 distribution and layer-specific topography in the cat retina.
Low levels of intraspecific trait variation in a keystone invertebrate group.
Individuals \'  expected genetic contributions to future generations, reproductive value, and short-term metrics of fitness in free-living song sparrows (Melospiza melodia).
Response to Perrier and Charmantier: On the importance of time scales when studying adaptive evolution.
Differences in ocular media transmittance in classical frog and toad model species and its impact on visual sensitivity.
A next generation approach to species delimitation reveals the role of hybridization in a cryptic species complex of corals.
Population and colony structure of an ant with territorial males, Cardiocondyla venustula.
Two new polyhydroxylated steroids from Egyptian soft coral Heteroxenia fuscescens (Fam.; Xeniidae).
Local patchiness of macrobenthic faunal abundance displays homogeneity across the disparate seagrass systems of an estuarine bay.
Spectroscopic characterizations, structural peculiarities, molecular docking study and evaluation of biological potential of newly designed organotin(IV) carboxylates.
Maternal mouth-to-mouth feeding behaviour in flower-visiting bats, but no experimental evidence for transmitted dietary preferences.
You are not always what you eat-Fatty acid bioconversion and lipid homeostasis in the larvae of the sand mason worm Lanice conchilega.
Not all Pseudomonas aeruginosa are equal: strains from industrial sources possess uniquely large multireplicon genomes.
Phosphoglycerate mutase 1 in cancer: A promising target for diagnosis and therapy.
Slow presynaptic mechanisms that mediate adaptation in the olfactory pathway of Drosophila.
Phylogenetic studies on three Helicotylenchus species based on 28S rDNA and mtCOI sequence data.
Morphological Characteristics of the Developing Cecum of Japanese Quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica).
Description of Oscheius indicus n. sp. (Rhabditidae: Nematoda) from India.
Genome-wide analysis of the callose enzyme families of fertile and sterile flower buds of the Chinese cabbage (Brassica rapa L. ssp. pekinensis).
Mortality, teratogenicity and growth inhibition of three glyphosate formulations using Frog Embryo Teratogenesis Assay-Xenopus.
Round cells do not contaminate or mask human sperm proteome in proteomic studies using cryopreserved samples.
Analysis of oxidative stress and cellular aggregation in the coelomocytes of earthworms collected from metal contaminated sites of industrial and agricultural soils of West Bengal, India.
Predator-induced collapse of niche structure and species coexistence.
The population history of northeastern Siberia since the Pleistocene.
Proficiency Testing of Virus Diagnostics Based on Bioinformatics Analysis of Simulated In Silico High-Throughput Sequencing Data Sets.
Novel Salmonella Variant Associated with Mortality in Two Great Spotted Woodpeckers (Dendrocopos major).
Localization, distribution and expression of growth hormone in the brain of Asian Catfish, Clarias batrachus.
Osteogenic differentiation of adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stem cells on fibrin glue- or fibronectin-coated Ceraform .
Utilization of marine fisheries wastes for the production of the freshwater fish Cyprinus carpio.
Walteriella n. g. (Monogenoidea: Dactylogyridae) from the gills of pimelodid catfishes (Siluriformes: Pimelodidae) from the Peruvian Amazonia based on morphological and molecular data.
Reactions to novel objects in monkeys: what does it mean to be neophobic?
Monophyly, Taxon Sampling, and the Nature of Ranks in the Classification of Orb-weaving Spiders (Araneae: Araneoidea).
Intraspecific variation in metabolic rate and its correlation with local environment in the Chinese scorpion Mesobuthus martensii.
New evidence for the east-west spread of the highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1 virus between Central Asian and east Asian-Australasian flyways in China.
Searching for archaic contribution in Africa.
De Novo Sequencing, Assembly, and Annotation of Four Threespine Stickleback Genomes Based on Microfluidic Partitioned DNA Libraries.
Absolute removal of ciprofloxacin and its degraded byproducts in aqueous solution using an efficient electrochemical oxidation process coupled with adsorption treatment technique.
Evaluation of cultivable aerobic bacterial flora from Russell \' s viper (Daboia russelii) oral cavity.
Understanding Competition and Cooperation within the Mammalian Gut Microbiome.
The Evolution and Ecology of Bacterial Warfare.
Sexual conflict.
Policing.
Conflict within cooperation.
Dietary Evolution: The Panda Paradox.
gamma-TuRCs.
Cue identification in phenology: A case study of the predictive performance of current statistical tools.
Epidemiology and distribution of Plasmodium vivax malaria in Sudan.
Habitat preference modulates trans-oceanic dispersal in a terrestrial vertebrate.
Conserving evolutionary history does not result in greater diversity over geological time scales.
Efferocytosis perpetuates substance accumulation inside macrophage populations.
Historical patterns in mercury exposure for North American songbirds.
Fostering of a wild, injured, juvenile by a neighbouring group: implications for rehabilitation and release of Barbary macaques confiscated from illegal trade.
Impact of training of mothers, drug shop attendants and voluntary health workers on effective diagnosis and treatment of malaria in Lagos, Nigeria.
Phenotypic effects of the Y chromosome are variable and structured in hybrids among house mouse recombinant lines.
Contagious fear: Escape behavior increases with flock size in European gregarious birds.
Differential gene expression in relation to mating system in Peromyscine rodents.
Genetic diversity estimation of Yunnan indigenous goat breeds using microsatellite markers.
Genetic turnovers and northern survival during the last glacial maximum in European brown bears.
Understanding the margin squeeze: Differentiation in fitness-related traits between central and trailing edge populations of Corallina officinalis.
Refuges from fire maintain pollinator-plant interaction networks.
Seasonal variation in food availability and relative importance of dietary items in the Gambian epauletted fruit bat (Epomophorus gambianus).
Nitrogen doped carbon quantum dots demonstrate no toxicity under in vitro conditions in a cervical cell line and in vivo in Swiss albino mice.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) inhibits steroidogenesis and induces mitochondria-ROS mediated apoptosis in rat ovarian granulosa cells.
The effects of lead on the development of somites in chick embryos (Gallus gallus domesticus) under in vitro conditions: a histological study.
Time-Restricted Inquiry-Based Learning Promotes Active Student Engagement in Undergraduate Zoology Laboratory.
Taxonomic status and behavioural documentation of the troglobiont Lithobiusmatulici (Myriapoda, Chilopoda) from the Dinaric Alps: Are there semiaquatic centipedes in caves?
A synthetic male-specific sterilization system using the mammalian pro-apoptotic factor in a malaria vector mosquito.
Canine transmissible venereal tumor genome reveals ancient introgression from coyotes to pre-contact dogs in North America.
Behavioural correlations of the domestication syndrome are decoupled in modern dog breeds.
The reach of gene-culture coevolution in animals.
Elephants have a nose for quantity.
Predatory behavior changes with satiety or increased insulin levels in the praying mantis (Tenodera sinensis).
ATP-induced reversed thermal sensitivity of O2 binding in both major haemoglobin polymorphs of the non-endothermic Atlantic cod, Gadus morhua.
Hepatotoxicity of perfluorooctanoic acid and two emerging alternatives based on a 3D spheroid model.
Occurrence and tissue distribution of perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) in sharks and rays from the eastern Mediterranean Sea.
Phylogenetic relationships among the clownfish-hosting sea anemones.
Cryptic dispersal networks shape biodiversity in an invaded landscape.
Oxalis seeds from the Cape Flora have a spectrum of germination strategies.
Environmental Variables Influencing Chironomid Assemblages (Diptera: Chironomidae) in Lowland Rivers of Central Poland.
Using Network Theory to Understand and Predict Biological Invasions.
Sperm success and immunity.
Integrating natural history collections and comparative genomics to study the genetic architecture of convergent evolution.
Characterization of the complete mitochondrial genome of Uvitellina sp., representative of the family Cyclocoelidae and phylogenetic implications.
Impacts of dietary exposure to different sized polystyrene microplastics alone and with sorbed benzo[a]pyrene on biomarkers and whole organism responses in mussels Mytilus galloprovincialis.
Shedding light on the hidden world of subterranean fauna: A transdisciplinary research approach.
Loss of Adipose Growth Hormone Receptor in Mice Enhances Local Fatty Acid Trapping and Impairs Brown Adipose Tissue Thermogenesis.
Attachment and antimicrobial susceptibility of bacterial associates of zooplanktonic copepod: Lesson for environmental safety.
Acidocalcisomes: Ultrastructure, Biogenesis, and Distribution in Microbial Eukaryotes.
Phylogeography and ecological niche modeling unravel the evolutionary history of the Yarkand hare, Lepus yarkandensis (Mammalia: Leporidae), through the Quaternary.
Can absence seizures be predicted by vigilance states?: Advanced analysis of sleep-wake states and spike-wave discharges \'  occurrence in rats.
River nutrient water and sediment measurements inform on nutrient retention, with implications for eutrophication.
A novel frameshift variant in BHLHA9 underlies mesoaxial synostotic syndactyly associated with postaxial polydactyly.
Downregulations of placental fatty acid transporters during cadmium-induced fetal growth restriction.
Engineering enzyme-coupled hybrid nanoflowers: The quest for optimum performance to meet biocatalytic challenges and opportunities.
Compositional properties and codon usage pattern of mitochondrial ATP gene in different classes of Arthropoda.
Long-term insect successional patterns on pig carcasses in central Spain.
First report on probabilistic risk assessment of pesticide residues in a riverine ecosystem in South-South Nigeria.
Interactome Analyses implicated CAMK2A in the genetic predisposition and pharmacological mechanism of Bipolar Disorder.
Assessing global popularity and threats to Important Bird and Biodiversity Areas using social media data.
Combined effects of nocturnal exposure to artificial light and habitat complexity on fish foraging.
Dissecting sex pheromone communication of Mythimna separata (Walker) in North China from receptor molecules and antennal lobes to behavior.
Efficient assembly and long-term stability of defensive microbiomes via private resources and community bistability.
CREB-B acts as a key mediator of NPF/NO pathway involved in phase-related locomotor plasticity in locusts.
Commentary on: Chimeno C, Moriniere J, Podhorna J, Hardulak, L, Hausmann A, Reckel F, et al. DNA barcoding in forensic entomology-establishing a DNA reference library of potentially forensic relevant arthropod species. J Forensic Sci 2019;64(2):593-601.
Geographical clines in the size of the herb field mouse (Apodemus uralensis).
How seed defense and seed abundance predict dispersal and survival patterns in Camellia.
Endozoochory of frugivorous birds as potential dispersal of seed parasites from Pistacia chinesis: Experimental evidence.
Involvement of integument-rich CYP4G19 in hydrocarbon biosynthesis and cuticular penetration resistance in Blattella germanica (L.).
Assessing the utility of conserving evolutionary history.
Comprehensive transcriptional profiling of aging porcine liver.
Risk factors and causes of stillbirths among pregnant women in Pakistan.
NP and NS1 proteins of H5N1 virus significantly upregulated IFITM1, IFITM2, and IFITM3 in A549 cells.
A new caruncle-bearing fanged frog (Limnonectes, Dicroglossidae) from Laos and Thailand.
Type material comparison of possible cryptic species of the genus Electrogena (Ephemeroptera, Heptageniidae) in Central Europe.
Systematic re-structure and new species of Sphaerodoridae (Annelida) after morphological revision and molecular phylogenetic analyses of the North East Atlantic fauna.
Insights and approaches using deep learning to classify wildlife.
The salivary transcriptome of Limnobdella mexicana (Annelida: Clitellata: Praobdellidae) and orthology determination of major leech anticoagulants.
Corrigendum: Mapping of Urinary Schistosomiasis in Anambra State, Nigeria.
Cytochrome P450 26A1 modulates uterine dendritic cells in mice early pregnancy.
Opportunities for behavioral rescue under rapid environmental change.
Disentangling how climate change can affect an aquatic food web by combining multiple experimental approaches.
Intraspecific divergence in floral-tube length promotes asymmetric pollen movement and reproductive isolation.
Exploring individual and social learning in jackdaws (Corvus monedula).
Description of Halegenticoccus soli gen. nov., sp. nov., a halophilic archaeon isolated from a soil sample of Ebi lake.
Grapefruit juice exerts anti-osteoporotic activities in a prednisolone-induced osteoporosis rat femoral fracture model, possibly via the RANKL/OPG axis.
Rapid molecular evolution of pain insensitivity in multiple African rodents.
NextGen Voices: Science-inspired sustainable behavior.
Dispersal beyond geographic barriers: a contribution to the phylogeny and demographic history of Pristurus rupestris Blanford, 1874 (Squamata: Sphaerodactylidae) from southern Iran.
Molecular mechanisms of convergent color pattern evolution.
No need to hide in caves: shelter-seeking behavior of surface and cave ecomorphs of Asellus aquaticus (Isopoda: Crustacea).
Quantitative analysis of forebrain pallial morphology in monotremes and comparison with that in therians.
Phylogeographic structures of the host insects of Ophiocordyceps sinensis.
Angles and waves: intervertebral joint angles and axial kinematics of limbed lizards, limbless lizards, and snakes.
Male-specific asymmetric curvature of anal fin in a viviparous teleost, Xenotoca eiseni.
Assessment of treatment impact on lymphatic filariasis in 13 districts of Benin: progress toward elimination in nine districts despite persistence of transmission in some areas.
Vitamin D and cardio-metabolic biomarkers: small-scale comparative study between Libyan migrants and resident women in Serbia.
Potent Anti-Ovarian Cancer with Inhibitor Activities on both Topoisomerase II and V600EBRAF of Synthesized Substituted Estrone Candidates.
Potential for Acanthoscelides obtectus to Adapt to New Hosts Seen in Laboratory Selection Experiments.
Polystyrene microplastics ingestion induced behavioral effects to the cladoceran Daphnia magna.
Adaptive Diversification of the Lateral Line System during Cichlid Fish Radiation.
Neuroprotective attributes of L-theanine, a bioactive amino acid of tea, and its potential role in Parkinson \' s disease therapeutics.
Involvement of gamma interferon inducible lysosomal thiol reductase in the innate immune responses of red swamp crayfish, Procambarus clarkii.
Measuring urinary cortisol and testosterone levels in male Barbary macaques: A comparison of EIA and LC-MS.
Measurement of 11-dehydrocorticosterone in mice, rats and songbirds: Effects of age, sex and stress.
Engineering Adenylate Cyclase Activated by Near-Infrared Window Light for Mammalian Optogenetic Applications.
The immunomodulatory role of tumor Syndecan-1 (CD138) on ex vivo tumor microenvironmental CD4+ T cell polarization in inflammatory and non-inflammatory breast cancer patients.
Roseomonas wenyumeiae sp. nov., isolated from faeces of Tibetan antelopes (Pantholops hodgsonii) on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau.
Development and Field Evaluation of a Novel, Inexpensive Passive Trap for Monitoring Dispersal of Necrophagous Dipteran Larvae.
Brain, behavior and the journey towards neuroepigenetic therapeutics.
Identification of a putative nuclear localization signal in the tumor suppressor maspin sheds light on its nuclear import regulation.
Impacts of Egyptian propolis extract on rat cerebellum intoxicated by aluminum silicate: histopathological studies.
Hair cortisol concentration in Siberian flying squirrels is unrelated to landscape and social factors.
Snakes Represent Emotionally Salient Stimuli That May Evoke Both Fear and Disgust.
A catalogue of the tribe Sepidiini Eschscholtz, 1829 (Tenebrionidae, Pimeliinae) of the world.
HIV Infection Induces Extracellular Cathepsin B Uptake and Damage to Neurons.
The last glacial cycle of the southern Levant: Paleoenvironment and chronology of modern humans.
Parasitological research in the molecular age.
Bat flies aggregation on Artibeus planirostris hosts in the Pantanal floodplain and surrounding plateaus.
cgMLST characterisation of invasive Neisseria meningitidis serogroup C and W strains associated with increasing disease incidence in the Republic of Ireland.
Insecticide resistance mapping in the vector of lymphatic filariasis, Culex quinquefasciatus Say from northern region of West Bengal, India.
Spatially explicit network analysis reveals multi-species annual cycle movement patterns of sea ducks.
Host genetic determinants of the gut microbiota of wild mice.
Fundamental flaws with the fundamental niche.
When Does Form Reflect Function? Acknowledging and Supporting Ecomorphological Assumptions.
Sexual Dichromatism Drives Diversification within a Major Radiation of African Amphibians.
An experimental test of the allotonic frequency hypothesis to isolate the effects of light pollution on bat prey selection.
Workplace-related risk of tick bites in military personnel stationed in Northern Germany.
No imprinted XIST expression in pigs: biallelic XIST expression in early embryos and random X inactivation in placentas.
Effect of Plant Essential Oils and Their Major Constituents on Cypermethrin Tolerance Associated Detoxification Enzyme Activities in Spodoptera litura (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
Isolation and characterization of 15 SSR loci for the endangered European tetraploid species Gladiolus palustris (Iridaceae).
Phytochemical Profiling and Larval Control of Erythrina variegata Methanol Fraction against Malarial and Filarial Vector.
New genera, a new species, and a key to the genera of Ashieldophyinae (Acari, Eriophyoidea) from India.
Genetic insights and neurobiological implications from NRXN1 in neuropsychiatric disorders.
Gut microbiome differences between wild and captive black rhinoceros - implications for rhino health.
Historical and genomic data reveal the influencing factors on global transmission velocity of plague during the Third Pandemic.
A Model of Hereditary Sensory and Autonomic Neuropathy Type 1 Reveals a Role of Glycosphingolipids in Neuronal Polarity.
Developmental plasticity in metabolism but not in energy reserve accumulation in a seasonally polyphenic butterfly.
Section-specific H+ flux in renal tubules of fasted and fed goldfish.
Notes on distribution of Simulium damnosum s. l. along Atbara River in Galabat sub-focus, eastern Sudan.
Effects of MUL1 and PARKIN on the circadian clock, brain and behaviour in Drosophila Parkinson \' s disease models.
Functional support for a novel mechanism that enhances tissue oxygen extraction in a teleost fish.
Functional amyloids promote retention of public goods in bacteria.
Biologic response of sperm and seminal plasma to transient testicular heating.
Kruppel-like factor 6 regulates Sertoli cell blood-testis barrier.
Effect of acute exposure of triazophos on histological structure and apoptosis of the brain and liver of zebrafish (Danio rerio).
Whole-Genome Analyses Resolve the Phylogeny of Flightless Birds (Palaeognathae) in the Presence of an Empirical Anomaly Zone.
Genome Analysis of Entomopathogenic Bacillus sp. ABP14 Isolated from a Lignocellulosic Compost.
Dense Geographic and Genomic Sampling Reveals Paraphyly and a Cryptic Lineage in a Classic Sibling Species Complex.
Vectors with autonomy: what distinguishes animal-mediated nutrient transport from abiotic vectors?
Calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II regulates mammalian axon growth by affecting F-actin length in growth cone.
Frequent nocturnal torpor in a free-ranging Australian honeyeater, the noisy miner.
First detection of zoonotic tapeworm Echinococcus granulosus sensu lato genotype G7 in continental Italy.
Speciation, pattern recognition and the maximization of pollination: general questions and answers given by the reproductive biology of the orchid genus Ophrys.
A pivotal year for Bolivian conservation policy.
Identification of the primate-specific gene BTN3A2 as an additional schizophrenia risk gene in the MHC loci.
Correlation between Antioxidant/Antimutagenic and Antiproliferative Activity of Some Phytochemicals; A Prediction Model.
Neonatal exposure to agonists and antagonists of sex steroid receptors induces changes in the expression of oocyte-derived growth factors and their receptors in ovarian follicles in gilts.
Phylogenomic interrogation resolves the backbone of the Pseudoscorpiones tree of life.
Assessing Aerobic Biotransformation of Hexachlorocyclohexane Isomers by Compound-Specific Isotope Analysis.
A test of trophic and functional island biogeography theory with the avifauna of a continental archipelago.
A Simulation-Based Evaluation of Tip-Dating Under the Fossilized Birth-Death Process.
Genome of the Malawi golden cichlid fish (Melanochromis auratus) reveals exon loss of oca2 in an amelanistic morph.
CircRNA expression profile of bovine placentas in late gestation with aberrant SCNT fetus.
Unravelling migration connectivity reveals unsustainable hunting of the declining ortolan bunting.
Comparative Analysis of the Two Acinetobacter baumannii Multilocus Sequence Typing (MLST) Schemes.
First visual occurrence data for deep-sea cnidarians in the South-western Colombian Caribbean.
Myrmarachnine jumping spiders of the new subtribe Levieina from Papua New Guinea (Araneae, Salticidae, Myrmarachnini).
Effects of Predator-Prey Interactions on Predator Traits: Differentiation of Diets and Venoms of a Marine Snail.
Food for Sex in Bats Revealed as Producer Males Reproduce with Scrounging Females.
Decomposition and insect colonization patterns of pig cadavers lying on forest soil and suspended above ground.
Stable-isotope dilution LC-MS/MS method for quantitative determination of microcystin conjugates with cysteine and glutathione in biotic matrices.
Synchronization with controlled internal drug release (CIDR) and prostaglandin F2alpha (PGF2alpha) influences oxidant/antioxidant biomarkers and mineral profile in summer-stressed anoestrous buffalo (Bubalus bubalis).
Social context mediates testosterone \' s effect on snort acoustics in male hyrax songs.
Zolmitriptan attenuates hepatocellular carcinoma via activation of caspase mediated apoptosis.
ML171, a specific inhibitor of NOX1 attenuates formalin induced nociceptive sensitization by inhibition of ROS mediated ERK1/2 signaling.
Can Intelligence Gradually Evolve in a Shell?
A guide for drug inducible transcriptional activation with HIT systems.
A guide for drug inducible genome editing with HIT systems.
Numerous cold arousals and rare arousal cascades as a hibernation strategy in European Myotis bats.
Chronic nutrient inputs affect stream macroinvertebrate communities more than acute inputs: An experiment manipulating phosphorus, nitrogen and sediment.
Supplementation with plant growth promoting rhizobacteria (PGPR) alleviates cadmium toxicity in Solanum lycopersicum by modulating the expression of secondary metabolites.
Do different diets affect oxidative stress biomarkers and metal bioaccumulation in two snake species?
Characterization of Clinostomum metacercariae using microscopic and molecular approaches
Tarantobelus arachnicida (Nematoda: Rhabditida) invasion of exotic spiders in Poland
Helminth parasites of the white-spotted wall gecko, Tarentola annularis (Squamata: Gekkonidae), from Shendi area, Sudan
Scavenging in the Anthropocene: Human impact drives vertebrate scavenger species richness at a global scale.
Digest: The phylogenetic distance effect: Understanding parasite host switching.
The evolution of a single toe in horses: causes, consequences, and the way forward.
Unveiled feather microcosm: feather microbiota of passerine birds is closely associated with host species identity and bacteriocin-producing bacteria.
Possible Male Infanticide in Wild Orangutans and a Re-evaluation of Infanticide Risk.
Comparative transcriptomics of 3 high-altitude passerine birds and their low-altitude relatives.
Do estrogens regulate lipid status in testicular steroidogenic Leydig cell?
Cold atmospheric plasma and silymarin nanoemulsion synergistically inhibits human melanoma tumorigenesis via targeting HGF/c-MET downstream pathway.
In-hive variation of the gut microbial composition of honey bee larvae and pupae from the same oviposition time.
Differential Expression of CD3, TNF-alpha, and VEGF Induced by Olanzapine on the Spleen of Adult Male Albino Rats and the Possible Protective Role of Vitamin C.
Hepatotoxicity and renal toxicity induced by gamma-radiation and the modulatory protective effect of Ficus carica in male albino rats.
Amarogentin, a secoiridoid glycoside, activates AMP- activated protein kinase (AMPK) to exert beneficial vasculo-metabolic effects.
Speciation with introgression: Phylogeography and systematics of the Ameerega petersi group (Dendrobatidae).
A fossil-calibrated phylogenomic analysis of Daphnia and the Daphniidae.
Statistical Modeling of Distribution Patterns: a Markov Random Field Implementation and its Application on Areas of Endemism.
Long Nights, Airplanes, and Avian Surgery: A Tale of Working With Volunteers to Study Long-tailed Ducks (Clangula hyemalis) Wintering on Lake Michigan.
In-vivo microscopy reveals the impact of Pseudomonas aeruginosa social interactions on host colonization.
Demographic dynamics of the smallest marine vertebrates fuel coral reef ecosystem functioning.
Recompleting the Caenorhabditis elegans genome.
Using empirical and simulation approaches to quantify merits of rival measures of structural complexity in marine habitats.
Horses \'  (Equus Caballus) Laterality, Stress Hormones, and Task Related Behavior in Innovative Problem-Solving.
Cytotoxic Effects of Newly Synthesized Heterocyclic Candidates Containing Nicotinonitrile and Pyrazole Moieties on Hepatocellular and Cervical Carcinomas.
Temperature alters the hypothalamic transcription of photoperiod responsive genes in induction of seasonal response in migratory redheaded buntings.
Neonatal exposure to furan alters the development of reproductive systems in adult male Sprague Dawley rats.
The amino acid sensor general control nonderepressible 2 (GCN2) controls TH9 cells and allergic airway inflammation.
Major determinants of the occurrence of a globally invasive parasite in riverine fish over large-scale environmental gradients.
LISTERIA MONOCYTOGENES INFECTION OF FREE-LIVING WESTERN EUROPEAN HEDGEHOGS (ERINACEUS EUROPAEUS).
A Morphological Integration Perspective on the Evolution of Dimorphism among Sexes and Social Insect Castes.
Estimating the burden of alpha-thalassaemia in Thailand using a comprehensive prevalence database for Southeast Asia.
Global Proteome Profiling Reveals Drug-Resistant Traits in Elizabethkingia meningoseptica: An Opportunistic Nosocomial Pathogen.
Living morphology and molecular phylogeny of oligohymenophorean ciliates associated with freshwater turbellarians.
Mutation pressure and natural selection on codon usage in chloroplast genes of two species in Pisum L. (Fabaceae: Faboideae).
Additive interaction between a root-knot nematode Meloidogyne javanica and a root-feeding flea beetle Longitarsus bethae on their host Lantana camara.
Response to Commentaries: Life History Evolution, Causal Mechanisms, and Female Sexual Orientation.
The microbiome profiling of fungivorous black tinder fungus beetle Bolitophagus reticulatus reveals the insight into bacterial communities associated with larvae and adults.
Four new species of Philoplitis Nixon (Braconidae, Microgastrinae) with an updated key and illustrations of all described species.
Altruism in a virus.
The role of optic flow pooling in insect flight control in cluttered environments.
Insecticide resistance profiles of Anopheles gambiae s.l. in Togo and genetic mechanisms involved, during 3-year survey: is there any need for resistance management?
A single-cell transcriptomic atlas of the developing chicken limb.
Molecular Characterization of Sarcocystis Species Isolated from Sheep and Goats in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
A wireless miniScope for deep brain imaging in freely moving mice.
Sitagliptin protects Diabetic Rats with Acute Myocardial Infarction Involves Induction of Angiogenesis: Role of IGF-1 and VEGF.
Assembling a DNA barcode reference library for the spiders (Arachnida: Araneae) of Pakistan.
Live Imaging of Cleavage Variability and Vesicle Flow Dynamics in Dextral and Sinistral Spiralian Embryos.
A comparative morphological and histological study of the gastrointestinal tract of four insectivorous bat species: Asellia tridens, Chaerephon pumilus, Nycteris thebaica, Rhinopoma hardwickii.
Plant traits moderate pollen limitation of introduced and native plants: a phylogenetic meta-analysis of global scale.
A new focus of the tick Haemaphysalis concinna in Western Poland.
A review of house dust mite allergy in India.
Bryonia dioica aqueous extract induces apoptosis and G2/M cell cycle arrest in MDA-MB 231 breast cancer cells.
Description of Oscheius indicus n. sp. (Rhabditidae: Nematoda) from India.
Proteome Changes Paralleling the Olfactory Conditioning in the Forager Honey Bee and Provision of a Brain Proteomics Dataset.
Evaluation of Leaf Consumption and Determination of Economic Injury Level Caused by Plutella xylostella (L.) (Lepidoptera: Plutellidae) in Brassica oleracea var. acephala (Brassicales: Brassicaceae).
Mining morphometrics and age from past survey photographs.
Editorial: Actinobacteria in Special and Extreme Habitats: Diversity, Function Roles and Environmental Adaptations, Second Edition.
New dustywings (Neuroptera, Coniopterygidae) from mid-Cretaceous amber of Myanmar reveal spectacular diversity.
Mollusc species from the Pontocaspian region - an expert opinion list.
Author Correction: Rapid de novo assembly of the European eel genome from nanopore sequencing reads.
Ring roads and urban biodiversity: distribution of butterflies in urban parks in Beijing city and correlations with other indicator species.
Cascading effects of defensive endosymbionts.
Spatial distribution of load induced soft-tissue strain in cattle claws.
Estimating absolute indoor density of Aedes aegypti using removal sampling.
Spatiotemporal analysis and environmental risk factors of visceral leishmaniasis in an urban setting in Sao Paulo State, Brazil.
Evaluation of the Effect of Nanoparticles Zinc Oxide/Camellia sinensis Complex on the Kidney of Rats Treated with Monosodium Glutamate: Antioxidant and Histological Approaches.
Decoding the locational information in the orb web vibrations of Araneus diadematus and Zygiella x-notata.
Telomere shortening as a mechanism of long-term cost of infectious diseases in natural animal populations.
River Valleys Shaped the Maternal Genetic Landscape of Han Chinese.
Stimulating effects of Quercetin (QUE) in tris citric acid extender on post thaw quality and in vivo fertility of buffalo (Bubalus bubalis) bull spermatozoa.
Social Behaviour: Males Help When Mates Are Rare.
Curcumin attenuates oxidative stress in RAW264.7 cells by increasing the activity of antioxidant enzymes and activating the Nrf2-Keap1 pathway.
Neurogenetic dissection of the Drosophila lateral horn reveals major outputs, diverse behavioural functions, and interactions with the mushroom body.
Functional and anatomical specificity in a higher olfactory centre.
Borrelia and Other Zoonotic Pathogens in Ixodes ricinus and Dermacentor reticulatus Ticks Collected from the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone on the 30th Anniversary of the Nuclear Disaster.
Linking size spectrum, energy flux and trophic multifunctionality in soil food webs of tropical land-use systems.
Systematic biomedical research of the NASA Twins Study facilitates the hazard risk assessment of long-term spaceflight missions.
Fibers on the Fly: Multiscale Mechanisms of Fiber Formation in the Capture Slime of Velvet Worms.
Assessment of qualitative enrichment of organic paper mill wastes through vermicomposting: humification factor and time of maturity.
The potential role of rhythmic entrainment and music therapy intervention for individuals with autism spectrum disorders.
Phylogenomic analysis and revised classification of atypoid mygalomorph spiders (Araneae, Mygalomorphae), with notes on arachnid ultraconserved element loci.
X-ray imaging of a water bear offers a new look at tardigrade internal anatomy.
Validating the use of dermal secretion as a matrix for monitoring glucocorticoid concentrations in African amphibian species.
Effects of sound exposure from a seismic airgun on heart rate, acceleration and depth use in free-swimming Atlantic cod and saithe.
North-facing slopes and elevation shape asymmetric genetic structure in the range-restricted salamander Plethodon shenandoah.
Habitat use of the ocelot (Leopardus pardalis) in Brazilian Amazon.
Using molecular diet analysis to inform invasive species management: A case study of introduced rats consuming endemic New Zealand frogs.
Engagement in agricultural work is associated with reduced leisure time among Agta hunter-gatherers.
Increased response to sequential infections of honeybee, Apis mellifera scutellata, colonies by socially parasitic Cape honeybee, A. m. capensis, workers.
Genetic Polymorphisms in the Open Reading Frame of the CCR5 gene From HIV-1 Seronegative and Seropositive Individuals From National Capital Regions of India.
Author Correction: Loss-of-function mutations in QRICH2 cause male infertility with multiple morphological abnormalities of the sperm flagella.
Organelle assemblages implicated in the transfer of oocyte components to the embryo: an insect perspective.
Enhanced antibacterial activity of hemocyanin purified from Portunus pelagicus hemolymph combined with silver nanoparticles - Intracellular uptake and mode of action.
Infection with behaviour-manipulating parasites enhances bioturbation by key aquatic detritivores.
Exploring Public Preferences, Priorities, and Policy Perspectives for Controlling Invasive Mosquito Species in Greece.
Toxicological effects of furan on the reproductive system of male rats: An "in vitro" and "in vivo"-based endocrinological and spermatogonial study.
Grape seeds proanthocyanidin extract ameliorates Ehrlich solid tumor induced renal tissue and DNA damage in mice.
Life in a polluted world: A global review of anthropogenic materials in bird nests.
Toxicity of engineered micro- and nanomaterials with antifouling properties to the brine shrimp Artemia salina and embryonic stages of the sea urchin Paracentrotus lividus.
Evaluation of antileishmanial efficacy of Salidroside against the SSG-sensitive and resistant strain of Leishmania donovani.
Sequence similarity searches for morphine biosynthesis enzymes in bacteria yield putative targets for understanding associations between infection and opiate administration.
Mammalian cystatin and protagonists in brain diseases.
A spider \' s vibration landscape: adaptations to promote vibrational information transfer in orb webs.
Studies of Laboulbeniales on Myrmica ants (IV): host-related diversity and thallus distribution patterns of Rickia wasmannii.
Autophagy and Apoptosis in the Midgut Epithelium of Millipedes.
Interaction engineering: Non-trophic effects modify interactions in an insect galler community.
Bat Flies and Their Microparasites: Current Knowledge and Distribution.
Shared genomic outliers across two divergent population clusters of a highly threatened seagrass.
The response of cucumber plants (Cucumis sativus L.) to the application of PCB-contaminated sewage sludge and urban sediment.
Biodiversity seen through the perspective of insects: 10 simple rules on methodological choices and experimental design for genomic studies.
Targeting prostate cancer cell proliferation, stemness and metastatic potential using Costus speciosus derived phytochemicals.
Combination of cetuximab with met inhibitor in control of cetuximab-resistant oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Neuromechanical Model of Rat Hindlimb Walking with Two-Layer CPGs.
The Friction Properties of Firebrat Scales.
Ecology and Evolution: Haeckel \' s Darwinian Paradigm.
Bedbugs Evolved before Their Bat Hosts and Did Not Co-speciate with Ancient Humans.
Neuronal Substrates for Infrared Contrast Enhancement and Motion Detection in Rattlesnakes.
Human Neonatal Fc Receptor Is the Cellular Uncoating Receptor for Enterovirus B.
Influence of autophagy, apoptosis and their interplay in filaricidal activity of C-cinnamoyl glycosides.
Lupeol induces immunity and protective efficacy in a murine model against visceral leishmaniasis.
Preface to theme issue  \' Modelling infectious disease outbreaks in humans, animals and plants: epidemic forecasting and control \' .
Rigorous surveillance is necessary for high confidence in end-of-outbreak declarations for Ebola and other infectious diseases.
Previous Infection with Plasmodium berghei Confers Resistance to Toxoplasma gondii Infection in Mice.
Elevated Serum Pb, Ni, Cd, and Cr Levels and DNA Damage in Exfoliated Buccal Cells of Teenage Scavengers at a Major Electronic Waste Dumpsite in Lagos, Nigeria.
Ameliorative effect of Spirulina platensis against lead nitrate-induced cytotoxicity and genotoxicity in catfish Clarias gariepinus.
Potential role of N-acetylcysteine on chlorpyrifos-induced neurotoxicity in rats.
Influence of ferulic acid consumption in ameliorating the cadmium-induced liver and renal oxidative damage in rats.
Reproductive performance in generalist haematophagous ectoparasites: maternal environment, rearing conditions or both?
Hepaotoprotective and nephroprotective activities of Pistacia integerrima fruit extract in paracetamol intoxicated male rabbits with effect on blood cells count.
Soil-transmitted helminth infections in school children of three districts of Malakand region, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
Supplementation of Cannabis sativa L. leaf powder accelerates functional recovery and ameliorates haemoglobin level following an induced injury to sciatic nerve in mouse model.
